Green Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was still dark out when his phone rang, buzzing halfway off the nightstand before he woke up enough to answer it. “Hey Phas.” “I know you said you don’t always need the money, but we’ve got one of the newer teachers out sick. You want to take her class?” “When?” “It’s a full-day session, six kids. It’s a Monday through Thursday session, so today is their last day.” He considered the offer. The slopes ought to be fairly nice today, not painfully cold. Maybe better not to shave the two-week-old beard yet, though. “What ages?” Phasma snorted. “4-6 year olds. You’ll have your work cut out for you.” He groaned and buried his face in the pillow again. Staying in bed where it was warm was sounding better and better. “Look, I know little kids aren’t your forte, but I can’t find anyone else to take it. If you don’t, I’m either adding these kids to one of the other junior classes and overloading one of the teachers or their class has to be cancelled.” “I’ll take it, but you owe me a drink.” “Deal.” Two hours later, as he tromped toward the junior class across the crystalized snow near the base of the mountain, he didn’t regret it quite as much. It was a bright, clear day, with blue sky and sun and weather cold enough to keep the top layer of snow from going slushy. “Eyyyy, what are you doing here?” A hand landed on his shoulder and he turned to find Poe, his goggles shoved up on his helmet and his board slung over his shoulder. “We’ve got someone out sick, so I’m subbing their class.” Poe perked up. “Oh? Who’s out?” “Not sure, Phasma would know.” He motioned to the program coordinator, who was walking toward the gathered groups. “Alright everyone, if you see your instructor and you already know them, go stand by them. Everyone else will be called off.” Phasma smiled, looking around the group. “Alright, where’s Miss Rey’s class?” A couple kids bumbled forward in marshmallow jackets, bundles of fluff topped with tiny helmets and goggles. Hux caught an odd look from Poe, something bordering on confusion, then realization. His eyes went angry for a moment before he pulled his reflective goggles down, obscuring his expression. He almost followed Poe to ask what the issue was, but Phasma read off the list and he didn’t have the chance. “Alright, let’s see who we’ve got. Tori?” A girl in pink and purple looked up at her, little blonde braided pigtails sticking out the back of her gear. “Alex?” A little one of indeterminate gender held up their hand, struggling to hold their skis with mittened hands. They got ahold of the skis and pulled them to their blue coat. “Corinne?” No one stepped forward and after calling her off a couple times, Phasma moved on. “Wes and Ryan?” A pair dressed in identical green coats chirped ‘here!’ and Hux stared at them. Twins, and entirely impossible to tell apart in their gear. Damn. “Ashwin?” He was another boy, the tallest of the group in a blue coat and a yellow helmet. “Alright guys, listen carefully. Miss Rey is out today, so Mr. Hux is going to be your teacher today. I need all of you to work hard and ski safe with him, alright?” There was a small chorus of ‘yes’es and Phasma smiled and stepped toward the parents. “They’re all yours.” Hux took a deep breath, already missing the group of twenty-somethings he’d guided to ride some off-piste in the backcountry the day before. Half an hour later, he’d managed to get everyone warmed up and stretched and into their skis. They followed him toward the magic carpet like a line of ducklings following their mother, and he felt something that bordered on pride at getting them up and running so fast. Some of them struggled a bit trying to keep up on flat ground, but he was grateful none of the parents had tried to give their kid poles. He’d foregone his own poles and left them in his locker for the day, and as annoyed as he was about having to skate flat ground, none of the little ones were moving quickly so really, there was no rush. He went through the basics of how to fall without getting hurt, and then they were off, using the magic carpet of the bunny hill to get to the top, where they’d promised to wait for him. The ski carpet was as annoying as ever, and by the time he’d reached the top of the hill, he was ready to check out. “Alright, listen carefully. I want everyone trying to follow my tracks, nice and controlled. We’re going to use snowplows to stay in control all the way to the bottom of the hill. You guys have learned snowplows, right?” Mostly nods. “Alright, let’s go.” An hour later and Hux was done trying to tell the twins apart. “Alright, which of you is Wes?” “Me!” the twin on the right raised his hand. “Here’s what we’re going to do. It’s hard to tell you apart in coats, so I’m going to tape a ‘W’ to your helmet.” He caught his glove with his teeth and tugged it off, thankful for the liner underneath as he shoved it under his armpit and worked at tearing four strips of tape from his pack. Once they were secured, he turned to the other boy. “Ryan?” “Do I get an ‘R’?” “You got it. Stay still.” Things got slightly easier, although it was embarrassingly clear that he wasn’t as comfortable with kids as with the adults. He was tired of picking kids off the snow and listening to them whine, so much so that he very nearly made Alex cry, and they all seemed to be getting tired. “Alright, who’s ready for lunch?” All the kids raised their hands and perked up. “We’re going to go back to the base, we’ve got hot lunches waiting for all of you.” After lunch, there was a little time left and he let them use the coloring pages and crayons Phasma had left in the small kids cafeteria. Noses ran freely as he sat there, trying to check his phone. No such luck. As it was, he was stuck with a handful of Lindsey Vonn wannabes and a cupful of cheap hot cocoa. “If I draw Miss Rey a picture, can you make sure she gets it?” Ashwin piped up. “Me too!” “Me too!” He looked around at the kids and sighed. “I’ll leave them for her in the office, is that alright?” “Will she get them?” “Yes, she should,” he sighed. The kids threw themselves into coloring for the rest of their lunchtime and Hux was thankful he could relax a bit. As long as he made sure no one choked on their sandwich or had too-hot hot cocoa and they went to the bathroom when they needed. It passed too quickly, and he carefully folded the pictures and put them in the inside pocket of his coat as he helped them back into their gear, helmets, coats, mittens, and all. “Mr. Hux?” “Yes, Alex?” “I gotta go potty.” He looked at the four year old, bundled up from head to toe in snow gear. They’d been outside for twenty minutes since lunch had finished. “Why didn’t you go when we were inside for lunch?” “I tried but I didn’t have to go then.” He shuffled the kid inside and handed him off to Mitaka, who was on break at the base. “Do me a favor and run Alex inside to go to the bathroom? I have a class to teach.” He looked like he would laugh, but a glare from Hux kept him quiet. “No problem.” They picked Alex back up at the base after another run, and the day continued. They worked on staying in control, stopping, snowplowing, His leg was beginning to ache a bit from the uncomfortable angle he held it at to teach the little ones, but he brushed it off the same way he kept brushing snow off the kids when they fell and he had to help them back up. The one nice thing about teaching younger kids was that they weren’t afraid of anything. None of them were very tall, and they didn’t have far to fall. They could hardly build up enough speed to take a real tumble on the bunny hill. The only rally awful part of the day was when an older student, probably around twelve, whipped through the learner zone. Hux grabbed Wes, pushing him out of the way but being caught in the process as the kid failed to stop and slammed into his bad side, completely out of control. By the time he’d finished making sure the kid was alright and chewing him out, he turned back to his class and found that they’d scooted away from him. Tori was crying. “Wes? Are you alright? You didn’t get hurt, did you?” Wes shook his head nervously. “Tori?” She shook her head. “What’s wrong?” “You’re scary.” It was words from the mouth of a toddler that made him tired. They really did. That was what most people thought of him, He was cold, he was an ass, he was, as Tori had said, scary. Hux took a deep breath and sat down with the group. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you. I was really worried about you guys, and I wanted that kid to understand how dangerous it is to ski out of control. We’re going to take a minute to calm down and talk about safety, ok?” The rest of the day went off without a hitch, although it seemed one of his bindings had cracked in the collision with the older kid. Fine for the short term, but he needed to replace it before it gave out and he actually got hurt. Watching them go back to their parents at the end of the day was strangely satisfying, although he couldn’t be sure if it was relief or satisfaction at a job well done. A couple of the parents left tips, which he figured he’d leave in the office for their normal teacher. There was a small pat on his hip and he turned to find Ashwin looking up at him earnestly. “Miss Rey said if we worked really hard and stayed careful and in control she’d take us on the big kid part of the mountain today.” “Oh really. And who did she say was controlled enough?” “Me. And sometimes Alex.” He looked nervous. “My mom and dad said if Miss Rey would take me on the real mountain, I could ski with them some this weekend instead of being in lessons the whole time.” Hux looked down at him and carefully kept himself from sighing. “How about this: you take the tow rope and do one run here, all by yourself. I’ll watch you, and if you do well all on your own and stay in control, just like Miss Rey said, I’ll take you on the lift and we’ll do a full size hill.” The kid lit up and he nodded eagerly, his yellow helmet bouncing up and down. “Alright!” It wasn’t long before Ashwin was back, having gone up and come down with no trouble. Hux took a deep breath. This wasn’t how he’d planned to spend his time after work, but sometimes you just did what felt right. “You think you’re ready to go on the big mountain?” “Yeah!” “Let’s find your parents at the meeting place and I’ll talk to them. Since class is over, they might be scared if you just disappear.” He talked to Ashwin’s parents, a nice mixed couple bundled up in matching blue coats who were more than happy to let him go off with Hux to learn how to ride a chair lift. They took one of the express lifts, the sort that slowed down to get on and off, although Ashwin very nearly wiped out at the top, and Hux caught him with a hand under his armpit and kept him on his feet. At the top, Hux checked in with the kid, trying to see if he was doing alright. “Alright, here’s what we’re going to do. It’s a big mountain, so we’re going to take it piece by piece. We’re going to make big ‘S’ curves the whole way down. I want you to follow my tracks, but a little ways behind me. When I stop, I want you to follow my tracks to me, and then we’ll talk about how you’re doing and if you need to fix anything, alright?” Ashwin nodded nervously. “Yeah.” “Slow and controlled, got it?” They made it down the run in good time, and there weren’t all that many corrections Hux had to make when they stopped. If he kept working and learning at the same pace, he didn’t doubt Ashwin would be learning proper parallel before long, and confident on the big slopes soon after. The kid’s parents seemed happy, and there was little more Hux could have asked of them. “He’s got the basics down. I’d say to stick with green runs for now, but if things are going really well this weekend and you’re patient, you might be able to tackle some of the blue runs on the east side of the mountain.” He turned back to Ashwin. “Just remember, slow and controlled, alright? Big ‘S’ curves.” “Got it!” “Thank you Mr. Hux.” The woman tried to press some bills into his hand, but he stopped to try and wave it off. “I’m not his ordinary instructor, you don’t need to do that.” “Well, split it with her if you must, but you’re the one that worked with him today, and he made a big step.” He accepted the tip as graciously as he could, then made for the clubhouse. Inside, he tromped his way to his locker, tossed his pack inside, and grabbed his poles. It only took a few minutes to find Phasma, who was hovering outside her office as she often did at the end of the class day. She was talking with Poe, who looked worried. She held up a hand to pause him as Hux walked up. “Not as bad as you thought?” “Not terrible. And some of the parents left tips for Rey, can I leave them with you?” “Hang on.” She ducked into her office and rummaged about in a drawer, coming back with an envelope. Poe gave him a grin that had something forced in it. Hux stuffed the handful of tips in and she sealed it up, scribbling ‘Rey’ on the front in marker. “You headed out for a bit?” “Yeah, a full day of slow stuff nearly killed me. You hitting the slopes or…?” He said pointedly at Poe. He shrugged. “Meeting up with a friend, otherwise I’d take you up on it.” “See you guys tomorrow, then.” “Don’t do anything stupid.” Phasma admonished as he turned away. He almost laughed. “Oh, come on Phas. Since when have I done anything stupid?” “Which incident do you want me to wax poetic about?” she yelled after him as he tromped back outside, popped his skis on, and took off. The singles line was quick, people popping in with partial parties to ensure as many people could take to the slopes as possible. He hopped on with groups of three and two. The man next to him struck up a conversation on the ride, asking him about where he was from and what he did. “Local, actually. I’m an instructor most days.” “Oh, with the ski school? You here year-round, or seasonal?” “Year round.” “My brother too. What do you do in the summer?” “Skydiving, actually.” He reflexively pressed on the chute packing tool he had around his neck. “Depends on the day, some days I do tandem jumps, some days I instruct.” The girl next to him, had to be his daughter, piped up. “My brother’s into skydiving too. Y’all are crazy.” He couldn’t help but grin. “It takes a particular type of person.” At the top of the lift, they parted ways and the world went muted with the sound of wind and the silence of snow. Even with the moderate crowds, it would be easy enough to find a fairly open trail. It’d been a long day, and backcountry had its appeal. He looked up at the sky, the cloud cover split wide open like a gaping blue maw. Maybe half an hour of genuinely good weather. Enough time for one long run or a couple short ones. He poled over a ridge and took off, cutting right and dropping into a fairly easy black run through the trees, popping back into parallel without a second thought. Working with kids was all well and good, but so much of it was teaching control by snowplowing that it made his leg ache. When he’d come off medical last season, it had been an easy out for him, ‘the beginner’s classes required too much snowplowing and it was awful on his leg’. Nobody had questioned it, and it had thankfully carried over to the current season. He hadn’t been assigned many beginner classes, more often being assigned to guiding the backcountry or working with advanced students. The solitary runs he took at the end of the day made it all worth it. The easy feeling of gliding down the slopes, cutting just enough to stay in control, was the closest he could get to flying and falling in the off-season. Something about being alone on the snow was enough to peel away the defensive layer he kept so carefully wrapped around himself. He lived for the wide-open silence of an empty run. Only at the bottom of the slope did it occur to him that his leg ached from where the older kid had taken him out, and possibly from the looseness of the cracked binding. Still, it was an easy pattern to slip into while he still had daylight. Ski, stand in line, ride the lift to the top and do it all over again. It felt a bit like his day-to-day life, repetitive and seemingly going nowhere, although it seemed pretty good in the middle of it. Full of ups and downs and a whole lot of nothing, and ultimately going nowhere. The more he thought about it, it was a great metaphor for his life. He sat on the lift in silence, thinking about that. He was going to be twenty nine, and his father hated the fact that he still worked seasonal jobs and hadn’t settled into a proper career. Mind, buying out half of his father’s share in Skydive Summit made him a business owner, and it was more than enough to live on. He’d taken the time to get his MBA online when he’d been laid up after the accident two springs ago, but of course that wasn’t enough for his father. Then again, nothing had been enough for Brendol Hux since he’d failed out of the Air Force Academy’s health requirements because of his history of asthma. He shook off the uncomfortable introspective and unconsciously checked the packing tool hung around his neck as the lift neared the landing. After a couple more runs, it became clear that he needed to find somewhere to replace the binding, and the sooner the better. He dropped by his locker on the way out, dropping off some of his gear before knocking on Phasma’s door again to ask, “Hey, is there any sort of compensation plan for gear damaged during lessons?” She looked up from her desk. “What’s up, you looking for something?” He explained the issue with his binding and she sighed. “Look, get what you want and I’ll take it from your gear allowance. I’d recommend Sweet Slopes Ski and Board, I know the guy who manages the place. Run into him in the gym most mornings. Tell him I sent you, see if you can get a discount out of it or something.” Twenty minutes later, he found himself standing outside the shop. The brand name signs in the window were lit up properly, but the sign out front had clearly been knocked about a bit by the wind. “Sweet Slopes Ski and Board Shop” was printed on the sign proper, but the replaceable letters underneath were oddly spaced, reading “GEAR FOR RENT” although the ‘T’ had fallen from its proper line and sat upside-down two rows below. A bell rang against the door as he entered, finding himself met with heavy rock and something that was probably incense. A middle aged woman stood awkwardly by the window as her son tried on a pair of Ride Anthems under the unimpressed supervision of a bulky guy with a mop of dark hair, who glanced up at him for a moment before looking back to the kid. Hux made for the back wall, where they had sets of bindings on display. He lost himself a bit comparing a pair of Tyrolia to some Markers. He was brought back by a voice behind him. “You need help or you just looking?” Hux glanced back. “Could I get a set of these?” The guy looked vaguely annoyed, but he headed to the back, returning with a boxed set in a couple minutes. Just checking the bindings out, he decided he didn’t like the way the rear release held the back lip of his boots. “Could you go find me the Markers instead?” The guy glared at him. “Oh, yeah. Sure. Let me get right on it.” Hux had had about enough. “Look, you don’t have to be rude, I don’t want to ask for your manager.” “You know what, I’ll grab your bindings and get him while I’m back there.” He came back with the other set of bindings and a hat. “Hi, I’m the manager, what can I do for you today?” “Aren’t you supposed to be invested in customer service?” “Look, buddy. You want those bindings or not?” He sounded exasperated. “I have somewhere to be, and I was supposed to close up 15 minutes ago.” Hux glanced at his watch. 8:15. “Shit, I’m so sorry, I didn’t even realize…if you could ring those up really fast I’ll pay and be out.” “It’s fine, I just have a cousin who’s home sick, so I was going to swing by somewhere and bring dinner back.” He sounded slightly mollified, but still generally annoyed. Hux couldn’t blame him. He took the bindings to ring them up at the register and Hux sighed, shaking his head. “I suppose it’s too late to start fresh and say Phasma recommended me to your place, isn’t it?” The man behind the counter stopped and grinned. “Did she really now? How do you know her?” “She’s the coordinator for the ski and board school where I work.” The man behind the counter crossed his arms and shook his head, clearly trying not to laugh. “How about this: I’ll give you the friends and family discount as long as I’m allowed to tell her you’re a dick.” “If it’ll save me 5% on those or something, be my guest.” “15%, actually.” He finished ringing the bindings up and put them back in their box as Hux dug out his wallet. “Rec someone the place and we’ll call it even.” The manager followed him out, hitting the lights behind the counter and locking the door as Hux climbed into his Jeep and took off. The next morning was a typical Friday. Get up, fifteen minutes of intense pilates to warm up, fifteen minutes of PT and some yoga stretches as his coffee brewed, dress, grab his gear, and hit the road to try and get a couple runs in before classes started for the day. Coffee and a bagel were downed in the car on the way to the base. It was a shockingly brisk morning, but there was no better wakeup call in the morning than the first lift up and the dawn silence of the snow and the trees. A dusting of powder had fallen overnight, and he could count on one hand the number of tracks he could see, people who had beaten him to the slopes. As it came up on 9am, he made his way back down to the base. Phasma stood out front with his list for the group. They were young teenagers, all of them pretty capable, and he breathed a sigh of relief as Phasma strolled back inside after checking and making sure the groups were set with their instructors. It was an easy class to work with, all of them willing to learn and moderately challenged. Lunch was a chatty, more organized affair, and he let them go at the end of the day. A couple runs later, he took a quick shower in the locker rooms and met up with Phasma in her office, catching her as she tried to finish the last few last-minute registrations and gearing up for the weekend of heavy tourist traffic and full classes. He dropped into one of her comfier chairs, kicking booted feet up on the corner of the low table. “So, if I’m not mistaken, you owe me a drink for covering yesterday.” “Yeah yeah, I know. Give me twenty minutes to finish up and we can head out. Where are you thinking, The Shades? Robin’s?” “Shades is fine by me, it’s close to my place.” They were headed out almost half an hour later when Phasma was flagged down by a skier in a white coat tromping up in half-loosened boots, walking faster as she saw them leaving. “Ezzie! Wait up!” Phasma nearly rolled her eyes at the shortening of her first name. “Hey, what’s up?” “Two things. I wanted to say thank you for finding me a sub yesterday, but also, one of the kids from the last session was with me again today and she drew a picture for him.” She grinned sheepishly as she worked to unzip her coat partway as she fished a folded paper out of an inner pocket. “I was wondering if you could get it to him somehow?” “Ah, that’d be me.” She spun to face him, her mouth a momentary ‘o’ of surprise before she recovered and flashed wide, white grin and held out a heavy glove to shake. “Wait, you’re Hux? I’ve seen you around, sorry I didn’t introduce myself. I’m Rey, nice to meet you! Alex drew you a picture.” She rattled it all off without stopping and held out the paper and he unfolded it, unsure what to expect. For a four year old, it wasn’t bad. It was clearly him, taller than the rest of the figures and wearing his red coat. The smaller figure was in a blue coat, little more than a smiley face with orange ski goggles. “Oh, that’s…nice.” What was he supposed to say? The kid wasn’t even there to say thank you. “If you have him in class tomorrow again, tell him I said thank you?” She paused. “Her?” He sighed and shook his head. “To be honest, I couldn’t tell with all the gear, even at lunch. Tell her I said thank you?” Rey laughed lightly and he found himself staring. Her nose was red from the cold and about all he could see of her was her mouth, but her reaction seemed genuine. “Of course. And, uh. Thanks for getting tips to me.” He shrugged, folding the picture and shoving his hands in his pockets to ward off the cold. “It’s cool, they were your kids the rest of the week.” “Well, I owe you one.” She waved and ducked into the clubhouse. Phasma snickered behind him. “You’re staring.” “Shut up.” They hit the bar, had a couple drinks, then walked to his place, appreciating the brisk cold that hadn’t dropped into the frigid hell that was sure to hit come January. Besides the location close to some of the better bars in town, he lived in a studio, which meant no roommate to deal with. Phasma’s roommate-turned-girlfriend Tasha was fine, he had no issues with her, but he was in a mood to complain and it always annoyed her. So his place it was. Hux poured a few shots, offered the bottle of vodka to Phasma, then downed all three when she waved him off. Instead, he tossed her another beer from the fridge and cracked one open for himself, dropping to the sofa and letting her fend for herself. They’d grown up together, practically siblings. She was used to it, and made herself at home in an over-large recliner. “Shit!” Her beer fizzed up, tumbled a bit too much from his toss across the room, and she jumped up, running to grab a paper towel. It wasn’t much, but as she cleaned it up she grumbled, “Hope your dad doesn’t mind beer on his favorite chair.” “They’re never here, it’s not like he’ll care.” He shrugged. “I think they want to live year-round in Florida, starting this spring. Well, he does. Mum’s not so fond of the hot weather, so they’ll probably argue about it the whole time.” “So you’re here alone for the rest of the year?” “Ugh, don’t remind me. They’ll be back for Christmas again, and you want to know my mum’s biggest issue? Still no girlfriend. She’s fit to be tied.” Phasma sighed, knowing this would be a conversation they’d had before. “It’s not their problem, remember?” He threw back the rest of the can, finally feeling the buzz from the bar develop into the more pleasant cousin of drunkenness as the shots kicked in. “Almost 29 and I still haven’t brought a girl back to meet the family. They’ve got bets running, you know. Half the family thinks I’m gay.” She shot him a glare and he backpedaled furiously. “Not that there’s anything wrong with being gay, that’s totally cool, I’m just not into guys. You know.” “So you’ve told me, many times. So, do you have any sort of…plan to find yourself a girl for the holidays? Or are you just sitting on your ass waiting for some sort of manic pixie dream girl to fall out of the sky?” Her tone was somewhere between sarcasm and concern. He groaned and put his head down for a moment, before throwing himself sideways on the couch dramatically. “Remind me again why you won’t give me a chance?” he asked the open air, although it was directed at Phasma. …who sighed. “Because you’ve kept asking me since I started dating Tasha, and I’m not interested in guys anymore. Because you’re only asking because you’re desperate and you see me as your only friend who’s a girl. And,” she flicked the empty can in his hand to a tinny sound, “because you’re drunk and it’s pathetic.” “Right. Thanks. And for the record, I’m not drunk, not yet.” “Anytime. You going to be hungover?” He shrugged, the words coming slower than usual but still clear. “Nah. And even if I was, when has that ever stopped me?” “I’ll see you at the base, 8am, then.” “Yeah. Thanks Phas.” She pulled her coat on and turned back. “And Hux?” “Mm?” “Try to take care of yourself, alright?” “Yeah, yeah. I will.” Notes: Here's a fun little promo aesthetic thing I made for this fic: http://georgette-the-frog.tumblr.com/post/154228005364/bittersweet-when-hux-covers-a-kids-class-for-one