In A School District Far Far Away This was wrong, this was so extremely wrong. What had this guy done? For all they knew he was just some random guy walking his poor ol’ dog in the wrong part of town. What am I even doing here? Finn thought to himself. Oh, that’s right, it was because of good old fashioned peer pressure. Supposedly this guy had stolen something important from their school. The guy said he didn’t know what they were talking about. His so called friends had even chased off the guys dog. Phasma had told them to track the guy down and show him what happened when you stepped onto First Order turf. That was why he was standing here watching the poor guy getting the shit beat out of him. It was wrong. Finn could feel the tight coil of guilt building in his stomach. It wasn’t right, for all they knew this guy was just a stranger. Finn looked down at him. He wore faded jeans, a ratty tan t-shirt and a clearly worn brown and orange leather jacket. A mop of curly hair sticking to his forehead by blood. His lip was split and already starting to swell, or maybe his lips where just that plush. A bruise was blossoming under one of his eyes, dark deep set eyes framed by perfectly sculpted brows. Why did they have to mess up such a pretty face? Finn thought. Wait, did he just say pretty, he definitely didn’t say pretty. But he really was wasn’t he? He should stop this, should get help, should...should... “What the fuck, Finn?” One of his so called buddies said. Fin was holding the guy’s wrist, preventing him from landing another blow to the already bloodied guy on the ground. Finn swallowed hard, what was he thinking? “I...I think he’s had enough.” Finn croaked. His “friend” pulled his hand free and shoved Finn roughly. “The fuck do you care ‘bout some Rebel piece of trash?” “Yeah, you heard what Phasma said, they step on our turf we gotta show them who's boss.” Someone else piped in. Finn looked down at his sneakers, he knew it was foolish to argue with the Captain’s orders. He just hoped he was insignificant enough for them to forget about this slight. “Come on. This is getting boring anyway. Bastard doesn’t know anything.” The group turned to leave, not before giving a few swift kicks to the guys torso. Finn grimaced, he hoped the guy was going to be ok but he didn’t want to risk staying behind to help. Begrudgingly he turned with the rest of his crew, a whispered ‘sorry’ falling from his lips. *** “What do you mean it’s missing?” Hux asked his even tone strained. Ren shrugged, more interested in pulling at the frayed ends of his ratty sweatshirt. “I can’t believe this!” Hux fumed. “Headmaster Snoke entrusted those plans to me. How could you just let someone waltz in here and take them?” “How do you know they waltzed? Maybe they polkaed or did the foxtrot while stealing your oh so important plans.” Ren said dryly. Hux narrowed his eyes in a dangerous glare. “How a piss poor excuse for a human being like you ever got into our school I will never understand.” Hux growled, “Do you even know what is at stake here?” Again Ren shrugged. “Those were the design plans, grant proposals, names of people we have been trying to network with for months and hours upon hours of research data, statistics and budget calculation. And now the flash drive is missing!” Hux yelled, finally losing his temper. “I think you’re taking this a little to seriously. It’s just a stupid school.” “No it is not, Ren.” Hux said through gritted teeth, “The district is decidedly low on funds, we need their grant money if we are to have the best equipment, supplies and facilities for the rest of the student body.” “I can give you an idea of who stole the flash drive.” Phasma said striding into the conference room. Ren sat up a little straighter, for some reason Phasma seemed to intimidate him leaps and bounds more than Hux ever could. He didn’t want to think to hard on why that might be. She took a seat across from Ren and pulled out a tablet from her bag. She pulled up security footage of the school. A scruffy looking kid in jeans and a leather jacket was sneaking in through the window to the Headmasters office. He went straight to the computer and with ease stole the flash drive and all it’s information. “From what we can tell he’s from New Republic High School. Other then that we have little to no information on him.” “Poe.” Ren said, staring intently at the footage playing on repeat. “You know him?” Phasma asked. “Yes.” “Care to elaborate Ren?” Hux said clearly annoyed. Though he was always in a constant state of annoyance, especially where Kylo Ren was concerned. “He’s a senior at New Republic. He’s their star quarterback, 4.0 gpa, likeable among his peers and the biggest kiss ass to Principle Organa you’ll ever meet. I wouldn’t put it past him if he volunteered to do this.” Ren said. “Phasma...” Hux started “I’ve already got Troopers searching for him. I’ll send word to them that if they com across him to bring him to the Finalizer. We’ll get him to talk.” “He’s good at talking his way out of bad situations. What if you’re Troopers can’t catch him? What if they take mercy on him?” Ren asked. “If you are referring to what happened yesterday I assure you it’s been taken care of. Not only is he no longer part of my Troopers but I have seen too it that he is no longer a student here, as well. Insubordination will not be tolerated.” She said curtly, offended by Ren’s accusation. “Enough arguing, Phasma make sure this boy is found, Ren see if you can dig up any more information on him. I want to know everything there is to know about him. And whatever you do make sure it does not cast this school in a bad light. We still have a reputation to uphold. Dismissed.” Hux waved them off. He pinched the bridge of his nose already feeling the onset of a migraine, this was going to be a long school year he could just tell. *** Rey was going to hit him, she was going to straight up deck him in his fat three chinned face. It wasn’t like she had been slacking off, she worked harder than most of the adults that worked there. So why was she being yelled at by this smelly old manager? She couldn’t even remember what this guy was rambling on about, she just knew that every other word coming out of his mouth was some backhanded compliment to her work ethic. She couldn’t she just couldn’t. “I quit.” The words were out of her mouth before she had time to process what she was saying. “Excuse me?” Her manager said, his face turning a blotchy shade of red as his temper started to climb. Rey took a deep breath. “I said I quit. I wish you the best of luck with you business.” With that Rey stood and took her leave. She tried her best to hide her shaking hands as her manager yelled some sort of obscenity toward her. This had to be a bad idea. Why was she doing this? She needed this job, how else was she going to support herself? What was she going to tell her foster parents? She could hear her heartbeat pounding in her ears. This was bad, it had been made very clear to her by her ‘parents’ that if she was capable of working that’s what she should be doing. Being a useful member of society. Now she had up and quit her job without even the prospect of one in the future. They’d put her back in the system, they would send her to another foster family, an even worse one. She had heard stories, heard time and time again of the horrible things foster kids went through. That wouldn’t be her, that couldn’t be. Rey stopped by an alley and tried to catch her breath. She was halfway to a panic attack. She just needed a moment, or a million. She crouched down, not entirely sure why and wrapped her arms around her knees. Tears threatened to spill over her eyes and her breath was coming a little faster now. A crash down the alley startled her and Rey looked over to see a couple little boys throwing a variety of things a dog. And wasn’t that just icing on the ‘fuck you’ cake of Rey’s day. That was the last drop of water in the barrel, she was just not having it. Before she knew it she was racing toward one of the boys, knocking him over with the full force of her weight. “What the hell?” The kid said. “Leave her alone!” Rey yelled, grabbing a pipe that had been sitting by some trash. “If I see you kids around here again I’ll beat the shit out of you. You hear me?” She slammed the pipe against the dumpster for added effect. It seemed to do the trick as the kids scrambled to flee from her. Rey let out a long sigh. At least she was able to do something right today. The poor dog was looking at her expectantly. She was a really pretty dog. A Brittany Spaniel with the perfect shade of orange and white splotches; a purebreed most likely. Rey bent down to give the dog a few gentle pets. She perked up at that, her silky tail moving back and forth. A silver collar glinted in the sun, Bee-Bee was etched into it. “Why don’t we see if we can’t find your owners, huh?” Rey said, a warm smile on her face. Chapter 2 : Welcome to the Rebel Alliance Summary: Rey meets Finn, Ren attempts flirting Notes: I still have no idea what I'm doing. :P (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was shaping up to be the worst day of Finn’s life. He had been hauled into the headmaster’s office, accused of beating up a student from another school and stealing school property. None of which was true but there had been countless “eyewitness” accounts. So much for his so called buddies.That sort of behavior was apparently not tolerated at the fine institution. So they had expelled him. Without even a cursory notice. They must have run to Phasma and complained about his so called insubordination. No good deed goes unpunished though. So here he was, sitting alone at some dinky coffee shop, not a buck in his pocket and nowhere to go. The Academy was his whole life, he'd gotten a scholarship, worked hard to get good grades and stay under the radar. So when he had been approached to be one of Phasma’s Troopers he had been ecstatic. It had meant he had had some good qualities. Right? Fat lot of good that had done him, though. Finn sighed. This sucks, he thought, this sucks. If he knew this was how this whole situation was going to turn out he would have stayed and made sure the other guy had been okay. What was he thinking? Worrying about some random guy on the street when he should be worrying about himself. How was he supposed to tell his parents? He rubbed the heel of his hands against his eyes, fighting off traitorous tears. How long was he going to sit here wallowing in his own self pity? It wasn’t as if some random happenstance was going to occur and he would be able to magically start making thing right. As if by some unforeseen force Finn spotted someone standing in the entrance of the coffee shop. He had tousled curly hair, a ratty leather jacket and his face had several nasty bruises on it. He was putting up some sort of flyer and before Finn could fully register that he should probably get up the guy was walking away. Almost knocking over the table in his attempt to catch the guy Finn skittered to the door, by then he was gone though. Finn mentally kicked himself, his opportunity had been sitting in front of him and he had panicked. It was just his luck though, wasn’t it? He glanced at the flyer the guy had put up. Oh. It was a lost dog sign, for a cute orange and white Brittany Spaniel. The dog they had chased away when they were beating that guy up. Finn lit up a bit. This was good, not the chasing off a poor defenseless dog but the lost and found poster. This was how he could make things better. He could track down the guys dog, bring it to him and the sun would shine and everything would be ok. Finn had to hold back jumping up in excitement. He could turn things around and things would work out. He went back inside grabbed his belongings and raced out the door. *** Ren sauntered into the room with obvious irritation and anger seeping off of him. Hux did his best to ignore him as he dropped his stuff in an unorderly heap on the floor and flopped down in his bed. It frustrated him to no end how slovenly Ren was. It was as if he was raised in a barn, with no consideration for those around him. That or the guy gave far to little fucks about what went on outside that twisted little mind of his. Hux had hoped his selfish and destructive nature was something that would be weaned out of him with the strict structure of the academy but it all seemed for naught where Ren was concerned. “What are you doing?” He heard Ren ask. Hux sighed, he hated being interrupted. “I’m working up a report on the stolen data files. If you must know. I also have orientation schedules to make and social calendars to approve of. Work I’m sure hold no interest for you.” Hux said, not bothering to look up from his work. “I suppose students will be starting to come back to the campus soon, won’t they.” Ren said it more as a statement then a question. Hux rolled his eyes, of course they would be returning soon, the semester started in a few weeks. “Yes, I suppose they will.” Hux said, moreso as an automatic response then in actual active conversation. Ren let out a long sigh and rolled over to look at Hux. He looked as though he wanted to say something but couldn’t quite form the words. He opened his mouth, closed it then flipped back over to face the wall. Ren was in a mood, Hux could tell. There was something he wanted to talk about but didn’t want to actually say anything. Hux could not fathom keeping everything bottled up inside of oneself but he understood that was how Ren worked and so worked with it the best he could. “Kylo...” Hux turned to give his full attention, “If you’re upset about losing the drive, it’s alright. We’ll get it back. It’s easily fixed.” “You’re far to optimistic, Hux.” Ren said. Hux furrowed his brow. Yeah that was the way to respond when someone tried to comfort you. “I trust Phasma, I know she can get the job done when she needs too. She’ll find the Poe Dameron.” Ren turned back toward Hux, his deep brown eyes seemingly staring straight through Hux. His expression seemed to hold too much in it, for as passive as it seemed his eyes shone with so much hate and mischief, it was almost unnerving. “You work to hard.” Ren said, sitting up. Hux huffed, he didn’t believe in working too hard. Something always needed to be done and no one else seemed to be willing to get the job done. Ren stood then and walked over to where Hux was seated at his desk. “You need to relax once in awhile.” Ren almost whispered. Hux could feel his breath hot against his skin. He narrowed his eyes at Ren. It was always like this, Ren would get worked up about something, refuse to face it head on and then coerce Hux into...less moral activities that would take up precious amounts of Hux’s time. “Ren,” Hux said warningly, “I have important matter to attend to. When I have time to spare then perhaps I will spare a moment to...relax. Until then I must get back to work.” Hux turned his chair back to face his laptop. He could feel Ren still standing there, most likely contemplating how serious Hux was being. He must have decided Hux was intent on his work as he didn’t press any further. Hux was thankfully left to a silent and peaceful work environment. Though he would be lying if he said Ren’s leisurely activities wouldn’t go remised. *** Perfect. Missing dog posters were already being put up. Rey had grabbed one off telephone pole, which she had found cliche but wasn’t gonna look a gift in the mouth. Looked like the dog, Bee-Bee, belonged to someone named Poe. His number was listed and everything. Only problem, Rey didn’t have a phone and last time she checked payphones had become a rather outdated invention. It wasn’t as though she couldn’t go and ask to use some business’ phone but that was...that was. No, it was just no. She couldn’t. So here she was, sitting on a park bench watching Bee-Bee frolic around the park. She was a pretty nice dog, kind, loyal, funny to watch. The best kind of dog. Her owner must be missing her terribly. Rey stood suddenly, sitting here was getting her nowhere. She couldn’t just wait around and expect something to happen. Maybe if she went to a shelter or vet’s office they would be able to track the dog’s rabies tag. That could be a lead and it was better than doing nothing. She called Bee-Bee over, the dog happily pranced over, giving Rey’s hand a quick lick. Rey smiled and pet her. Wait, did she even know where the shelter was, or a vet clinic for that matter? Could she looked it up in the yellow pages? Did they even still have yellow pages anymore? They had to, there where enough old people still alive that had a strange aversion to modern technology. Now to find a place that had a yellow pages just lying around. Rey decided to try a gas station first. Her a Bee-Bee walked the few short block to a sketchy looking gas station. A clear no pets allowed sign was plastered to the window with a large circle and X in the middle crossing out a cartoon dog. Rey sighed, looking around for something to tie Bee-Bee up so she wouldn’t run away. Seeing as there was nothing around Rey took a chance and told Bee-Bee to sit. She did. Taking that as a good sign she told her to stay and walked into the gas station. “Excuse me, do you happen to know where I can find the local animal shelter around here?” Rey asked hoping she would luck out and the guy would point her in the right direction. The man behind the counter stared at her, whether he he didn’t know or simply wasn’t all there at the moment Rey couldn’t tell. “Um, do you know where I could find a veterinary clinic? Or anything like that?” She tried. Only the same confused, dead eyed stare. This was two more dead stares away from becoming increasingly annoying. Rey shook her head, it was a pointless endeavour. She made a half smile, apologised for inconveniencing the man and turned toward the door. Her eyes widened though as she saw Bee-Bee furiously barking at a strange boy attempting to shoosh her. Rey’s could feel her face scrunch into an angry expression as she raced out the door. Almost full force she rammed into the boy. Which was somewhat of a mistake, that kid was way more built then she had thought. She did manage to stumble him enough that with a strong kick to his stomach he was sprawled out on the pavement. Bee-Bee was still spewing out a steady stream of barking, with a few added lunges for optimum fear inducing effect. “Who are you? Why are you trying to take this dog?” Rey spat, her fists raised in defense. The guy sputtered on the ground for a moment, trying to get his barrings bout him. “F..Finn.” He coughed out, trying to sit up. “I kn...know it’s owner. I just wanted to return it” He said. Rey thought for a minute, trying to decipher whether or not this Finn guy was telling the truth. He didn’t look threatening. Not with his almost puppy like features. Big brown eyes, cute round nose, full lips, short black hair that was just dying to show it’s true nappy nature. Not to mention his smooth cocoa skin. “Alright, if you really know who Bee-Bee’s owner is prove it.” Rey said, still holding her defensive stance. Finn nodded and slowly reached into his jacket pocket and pulled out a flyer. It was the same flyer Rey had grabbed off the telephone pole. “I know the owner. Well, sort of. I meet him briefly but I know where he went. I think.” Finn rambled, standing and brushing the dirt off himself. “I could show which way he went.” Rey looked at him suspiciously. Bee-Bee had stopped barking and seemed to be looking at them expectantly. “How do I know you’re telling the truth?” “I..seriously? What reason do I have to lie to you?” Finn ran has hand through his hair. “You just have to trust me on this. I promise I just want to give the guy his dog back.” Rey sighed and lowered her fists, “Alright, lead the way.” Finn smiled wide and stuck out his hand. “Names Finn.” He said excitedly. “You said that.” Rey said simply staring at his out raised hand. “I’m Rey.” Finn dropped his hand and his smile fell a bit. “Ok, well, I saw the guy go that way.” Finn pointed down the street. “I know there are some apartments there and...” Finn stopped short, his smiled dropped completely and his eyes went wide. Rey looked behind her to what had him so spooked. Coming around the corner where two guys dressed in black and white First Order school uniforms. It looked as if they were searching for something, or someone. Rey looked back at Finn. She had heard about the kids that went to the Academy. They were a brutal sort, they would beat other kids up in the street, bully people into joining their gangs and still somehow worked it so they never got caught for the things they did. A bunch of jerks the lot of them. Now two of them were looking in their direction and pointing, one was holding a piece of paper in their hand. “We have to go.” Finn grabbed Rey’s hand and began to sprint down the street. Rey had no choice but to follow, Bee-Bee right on their heels. “Wait a minute! Where are we going?” Rey shouted as they weaved in and out of the sparse crowd on the street. Looking back she could see the two students racing after them. Her heart dropped a bit. If half of the rumors she’d heard about them where true, getting caught was not an option. A sudden jerk pulled Rey across the street, barely missing the oncoming traffic, the car honked its horn loud and long. Rey glared as she was jerked again into a small alcove by an alley. Her and Finn stood to catch their breaths. It was then Rey noticed Finn was still holding her hand. She quickly removed her hand from his. “Why are they chasing us?” Rey whispered. “I don't know.” Finn looked around the corner as the two ran passed. Finn breathed a sigh of relief and stepped out. “We should've safe now.” Their safety was short lived though as Finn proceeded to run into yet another student. They were coming out of the woodwork now weren't they? Rey was getting tired of this, who said she had to be bullied into anything. Sauntering past Finn, Rey reeled her fist back and socked the guy right in the nose. He stumbled back a bit dazed, a second later his nose began to gush. Rey smiled to herself even as Finn grabbed her hand again and ran. “I'm not a child, let go!” She yelled. Finn was clearly ignoring her as they continued running through the streets. *** Poe paced his room worriedly. He had put posters up three days ago and he still hadn't heard from anyone about Bee-Bee. She was out there on her own, alone. What if she was hurt or worse. He had taken a big risk stealing those grant plans from the Academy. When the Troopers had tracked him down he had slipped the flash drive into Bee-Bee’s collar and told her to run. He figured she would just run home, she was smart enough to know where home is. Now both her and the plans were missing. This was bad, had promised Principle Organa that he would have those grant plans to her before the school year started. He was sure there was a tut in his floor with how much pacing he was doing. A knock on his door startled him out of his reverie. He rushed to the door and wrenched it open. “Um, there are some people here to see you.” One of his flat mates pointed toward the front door. Poe rushed past him and down the stairs almost tripping down them. When he reached the front door he whipped it open. Standing there was a girl and guy standing there sheepishly at Poe. Bee-Bee was there as well and leapt into his arms. Notes: Thanks for reading Chapter 3 : A New Hope Notes: I still don't know what I'm doing with this stupid fic (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo’s fist connected with the face in front of him. It wasn’t the right reaction and he knew that but damn if it wasn’t satisfying. A handful of Phasma’s Troopers had just informed them that Poe Dameron’s precious puppy dog had been in their grasps but it had gotten away. Kylo had hoped they had caught the dog to use as leverage but was sorely disappointed to learn otherwise. Much to the misfortune of the Trooper that had told them he news as he was now laying on the ground clutching his bleeding nose. Kylo hoped it was broken. “Is there anything else you peons would like to inform us on?” Kylo huffed, trying and failing to keep his anger in check. One Trooper stepped forward, clearly nervous. “The person that got to the dog first...was Finn, sir.” The trooper said. Phasma looked up from the paperwork she had been doing. “That kid we just had expelled?” She asked. The Trooper nodded. Kylo decked that guy in the face as well, when the guy didn’t fall Kylo hit him again for good measure. So, not only did they lose a good bargaining chip but it had been lost to a traitor. “That’ll be all.” Phasma dismissed her men and they all scurried out like frightened rats. Kylo turned to Phasma, he wasn’t nearly finished expressing his rage and displeasure at their incompetence. “Now what?” Kylo seethed, taking a seat across from Phasma. “You think I just magicly have an idea?” Phasma asked in return. Kylo bit his tongue. It was one thing to pick fights and beat on troopers but Phasma was a different story. She could and would kick his ass if the need arose. “We need to get this taken care of. If Poe gets that information to the Board before us...” Kylo gave a vague gesture. If he was honest with himself he couldn’t really understand the detrimental need for the plans but it had put a bee in Hux’s bonett and that was adding to Kylo’s own frustration. “Ren, we will get this under control. Hux is trying to stall the grant proposal till later in the year. That will give us time to come up with a plan. Things will turn out. Relax.” Kylo ground his teeth together. This was all going to blow up in their faces, he could just feel it. If there was one consistent in his life it was hard, crash and burning failure. This wasn’t gonna be any different. “He doesn’t blame you.” Phasma said suddenly. Kylo glared at her. “What?” “Hux. He doesn’t blame you. Sure he’s angry but he mostly blames himself for not being more vigilant himself.” Phasma said nonchalantly, already back to her paperwork. “You’re telling me this why?” “You seemed more irritated than usual. I figured Hux was being a hardass about the grant thing. Didn’t want you to think your boyfriend was mad at you. I’m a good friend like that.” “He’s not...we’re not...” Kylo stammered, “Shut up!” He stood (a little to forcefully as the chair fell with a loud crack to the floor) and stormed out of the room. Phasma smiled to herself. All to easy, she thought. *** Rey sat at the dinner table quietly picking at the unappetizing meal. Her foster parents were solemnly eating their meals in bitter silence. It was awkward to say the least and about as typical as every other night. She thought back to earlier that day. Bee-Bee’s owner, Poe, had been ecstatic to have his dog returned. He had invited Rey and Finn in for a little while to express his gratitude. Rey liked Poe. He was a couple years older than her, he was a gonna be a senior this year, she was a sophomore. But he had been nice, genuinely asking questions about her and Finn. Turned out Finn had just been expelled from the First Order Academy. That had surprised Rey, he hadn’t seemed like the First Order type, probably why he got kicked out. Poe had told him it wasn’t to late to register at New Republic High, they were always more than happy to have new students join. The real kicker was when he offered the same to Rey. Education had never been that high on Rey’s priority list. She had never been in one city long enough to really take part in a school or it’s extracurriculars. Not that she didn’t want to, it just never worked out. She hadn’t told Poe that, he seemed too excited to be recruiting new members that she didn’t want to spoil his mood. She accepted the flyers and pamphlets he gave her and said she’d ‘look into it’. Rey looked up at her foster parents, still quietly eating. What would they say about her joining NRH. It would look good for them if she joined, make it look like they were interested in their foster child’s education and betterment. Plus the school had dormitories she could stay at so they would only have to give her an allowance for basic necessities. They would still get money for her and they wouldn’t even have to do anything. It was probably wrong to work the system like that but it wasn’t as if Rey wasn’t going to benefit from it, she really would be bettering herself and her education. It never hurt to ask anyhow. Rey cleared her throat. “I was sorta interested in registering at New Republic High” Her foster parents looked at her, their silent stares more uncomfortable than their silently ignoring her. If they were going to argue she had a counter all lined up. “I think that is a great idea.” Foster Dad said, actually smiling. Rey was slightly taken aback, she had expected resistance. “It is always nice to see young adults take a serious look furthering their education. It’s very astute of you, Rey.” Foster Mom said. “Thank you.” Rey said, still unsure how this was somehow working out. “Would it be possible to go and register tomorrow?” “Sure, I have tomorrow off of work. We can go then.” Mom said with a smile. Rey smiled back and they continued their meal in less bitter silence. *** Finn looked up at the ceiling, his heart beating nervously and his mind a wire with a plethora of thoughts. After Rey had taken her leave and went back home Poe had asked Finn if he wanted to crash there. Finn, in his own clumsy, stuttering way had said yes. Now here he was, on his floor trying his damndest to get to sleep. He shouldn’t be nervous but Poe had also asked if he wanted to join NRH. It shouldn’t be that big of a deal, pfft it wasn’t as if Finn was trying to crawl back to the First Order. His parents wouldn’t care either, seeing as how they were in a whole other city. This could be a new start for him, a good kind of new start. But what if he didn’t get in? What if the other students didn’t like him? What if he ran into more Troopers? What if...? “Hey” Poe said. Finn looked over to find Poe looking down at him from over the side of his bed. “Hi.” Finn said, oh so eloquently. He mentally face palmed. Poe just smiled though. “I never got to say thanks for earlier.” “Sure you did, you said thanks quite a bit for us bringing back Bee-Bee.” “No, not that. When you stopped those guys from kicking the crap out of me.” Finn felt a blush creep into his cheeks and was glad it was too dark for Poe to see. Finn looked back at the ceiling unsure how to respond. “It was the right thing to do.” Finn said quietly. “Thanks anyway.” Finn could hear the smile in Poe’s voice and was sure he could, in fact, could see him blush. Maybe, if Poe was there and could vouch for him it wouldn’t be such a hard transition. Notes: Thanks for reading guys, hopefully this story will pick up soon. Best wishes to all. :)