Standard Operating Procedures Kylo Ren picked through the remains of the encampment on Ahch-To. The previous residents had clearly departed in a hurry--leaving bits of clothing, bedding, and cooking utensils scattered around the huts and common area where they had apparently been residing. He waved his hand over the ashes in the firepit and found that they were still warm. In frustration, he heaved an iron pot at one of the huts with enough force to chip the hut’s stonework. “What?” he asked flatly, glancing around at the Knights of Ren, who had accompanied him on this mission and were standing around looking uncomfortable. To have come so close and yet failed was unthinkable. He kicked a pile of firewood, still livid. If he had arrived even a few hours earlier, he would have stood a good chance of intercepting his targets. However, with hyperspace travel, who knows where the scavenger and his uncle were now. “They’re not here. Shall we pull out?” one of the Knights asked. Kylo glared at the Knight in response, wishing for once that his anger wasn’t hidden behind the mask that he wore. “Not yet. Do one more thorough search of the island. I want to make sure that we leave no stone unturned, in case they left any clue as to their next destination.” As the Knights dispersed to continue their searches, Kylo took it upon himself to inspect the beehive-shaped stone huts that Luke and Rey had clearly been using as personal quarters. The first hut that Kylo stopped in contained a bedroll that had been made with a few blankets whose edges had been tucked beneath the thin mattress. A lantern sat at the foot of the bedroll, and several old Jedi texts were stacked neatly next to the end with small pillow. This hut had unmistakably belonged to his uncle. Of course, Luke would regard Jedi history books as bedtime reading material. The next two huts that Kylo poked his head into revealed no signs of any prior occupants. The contents of the fourth hut, however, made Kylo gasp with excitement. Immediately, he zeroed in on the unmade bedroll on the floor and its accompanying blankets that had been pushed or kicked to the foot. Quickly, and as inconspicuously as possible, he surveyed the rest of the area around the huts, making sure that he was out of sight of the rest of the Knights. Fully aware of how pathetic his next action would appear, he laid down on the bedroll that had been slept in by Rey and pulled the blankets up to his face. The blankets still smelled of her, which served as a harsh reminder that she had slept in this very bed as recently as this morning. If they hadn’t fled; if they had only stayed and Rey had heard him out, was there a possibility that she would have shared this bedroll with him, eventually? He knew that he had a lot of ground to make up with Rey, but she had been inside his head, and while she knew that he had done horrible things, she also had to know that he wasn’t a bad person. Besides, he knew that he needed her help, and what better way to sway her to his side than to seduce her? Wistfully, he surveyed the interior of the hut and noted that whereas his uncle had a stack of textbooks next to his bedside, Rey had left a small basket of recently-picked wildflowers next to hers. He sifted through the basket of flowers, noting that Rey’s harvest included a wide array of different types and colors of flowers. A few tools were scattered around at the foot of her bed, along with a few pieces of metal and a chipboard--obvious remnants of some engineering project that she had been working on and abandoned in her haste to evacuate. Kylo sat up and kicked the blankets off. How had he misjudged Rey so badly? He wasn’t so deluded to think that he was seldom wrong; he had been wrong about many, many things, but he had been so sure about Rey. She was have been a kindred spirit of his, even if she was in denial about it. He’d sensed it in the forest on Takodana and became even more confident once he’d actually looked inside her mind on Starkiller Base. He thought, no, he knew that she had sensed it, too; however, she had chosen to ignore their connection. And then on that cliff’s edge, he’d offered her the Force in a gesture of unity, and instead she took his gift and turned around and physically maimed him with it. He should hate her for it, but instead, the scar that she’d given him had only made him more determined to make her see things his way and to convince her to join him. She wouldn’t be able to run forever. *** Two weeks later… Rey sat in the Millennium Falcon cockpit as a co-pilot to Poe Dameron with General Leia Organa in the passenger seat. Sighing, Rey lamented, “I wish that Chewie could have come with us.” “What? Am I not a good enough co-pilot for you?” Poe joked. Rey rolled her eyes. “You know what I mean.” Shaking her head, General Organa responded, “We’ve been over this before. Based on our previous dealings with King Prana, I didn’t feel that it was safe to bring Chewie.” “I just can’t imagine a situation where Chewie wouldn’t be able to handle himself. Plus, he could be a huge help to us if King Prana is as untrustworthy as you’ve said,” Rey sighed. “Trust me, Rey. If anything went wrong, King Prana would capture Chewbacca and place him in his personal zoo so fast that your head would spin. We need to be careful.” General Organa replied tersely. Frowning, Rey asked “If King Prana is so awful, why are we trying to form an alliance with him?” “Because his planet, Rinou, has a lot of resources. They not only have manufacturing facilities that we can use, several regions have mines and other natural resources that we’re sorely lacking. We’re also more likely to draw recruits from the planet if we’re in an alliance with them in some official capacity.” “Gee, General, you speak so positively of this guy,” Poe quipped. “Even with all of his resources, is he someone that we’d even want as an ally?” “Poe, the Resistance will take what it can get at this point. And King Prana actually approached us about this alliance.” General Organa’s gaze moved towards the viewport, watching as they passed through the blue streaks of hyperspace. Poe snorted. “And what does King Prana get out of this? From what you’ve told me about him, surely, he isn’t doing this out of the goodness of his heart.” The General shook her head, “No, no, I’m sure that he’s not. However, that’s why we’re heading there to negotiate. If his asking price is too high, we walk away.” Rey turned in her seat towards the General. “Why couldn’t we negotiate via holochat like normal people?” The General sighed again. “King Prana insisted on holding the negotiations in person. As a leader, I made the judgment call that it would be worth the inconvenience, considering the potential payoff.” “And you’re sure that we’re not walking into a trap?” “There’s no way to be completely sure,” the General leaned back in her chair, “but King Prana has no love for the First Order. That’s why he’s maintained Rinou’s independence for all of this time. Now, as far as why he chose now to offer to help us, I have no idea.” “What’s Rinou like?” Rey asked. She’d had such little opportunity to travel that she was curious about every planet that she might visit. Until recently, she had never left Jakku that she had recalled. Since then, she’d brief visits to Takodana, D’Qar, and Ahch-To, where her attempts to get Luke Skywalker to train her in the ways of the Force had recently been cut short by the General’s son. A slight smile formed on the General’s face. “It’s probably like nothing you’ve ever seen before. Parts of it are jungle territory, but it has modern cities, as well. We’ll be staying at King Prana’s palace, and if we get in and out of there as quickly as I hope, I doubt that we’ll see much of the planet outside of the palace walls.” “What’s the story with his zoo?” Poe twisted around to better join the conversation. The General laughed, “To be blunt, it basically started as a pissing contest between King Prana and Regent Solculvis from the Mol’leaj system.” Rey’s face lit up. She exclaimed, “That’s what he wanted the rathtars for!” “Rathtars?” Poe made a face like he’d swallowed something bitter. Rey nodded with excitement. “Yes! When we ran into...” she paused and glanced cautiously over to the General. “...when Finn and I first encountered Han and Chewie, they were delivering a shipment of rathtars to King Prana. Nasty creatures. One of them nearly ate Finn.” General Organa’s eyes widened. “Han was transporting rathtars? For King Prana? He hated King Prana.” Her expression became grim. “I had no idea that he had become so desperate…” she added softly. Rey reached over and placed her hand on the older woman’s arm. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to stir anything up…” The General lightly patted Rey’s hand and then lightly removed it from her arm. As quick as it had appeared, all emotion disappeared from the General’s face. “It doesn’t accomplish anything to dwell on those things. I need to get past what happened and move on.” Trying to lighten the mood, Poe asked, “So, um, does King Prana have anything else interesting in this zoo?” General Organa laughed. “I’m sure that he does, and I don’t mean that in a good way. I was completely serious when I said that he wanted to add Chewie to his collection.” Rey shuddered. What sort of a person was this? As desperate as the Resistance was for resources right now, was it worth whatever King Prana’s price was likely to be? Several indicators on the Falcon’s navigation system lit up. Poe checked a few coordinates and announced, “Rey, we’re going to just be cruising through hyperspace for the next few hours. If you want to try to take a nap or something, go ahead.” Rey nodded and excused herself from the cockpit. She headed back to the crew quarters, and to the bunk that she had claimed as her own. Sitting down on the bed, she flipped open the personal holopad that had been issued to her by the Resistance. Rey typed in an access code to contact her friend, Finn. Finn hadn’t been able to accompany her and Poe on this mission because he was still on a strict physical therapy schedule after having been wounded by Kylo Ren on Starkiller Base. Patiently, she listened as the connection chimed on the other end. Eventually, the holopad informed her that Finn was not answering and prompted her to leave a message. Rey sighed, put a smile on her face to disguise her apprehension about her mission, and recorded a quick holomessage for Finn. She clicked the holopad shut and laid back on her bunk, staring at the ceiling. Rey couldn’t believe the turn that her life had taken in the past six weeks. She’d gone from being a scavenger, nearly starving on Jakku, to learning that she was gifted with strong Force powers and being chased by Kylo Ren, to being welcomed by the Resistance, with the reassurance from Luke that she could continue her Force training as time permitted. Closing her eyes, Rey tried to take Poe’s advice and allow herself to drift off to sleep. She had never had an easy time sleeping, and her insomnia had been exacerbated by her erratic sleep schedule of the past few weeks. She tried to picture Finn’s face, but unfortunately, the face that kept appearing in her mind belonged to Kylo Ren. The memory of his face, as he’d unmasked for her in the interrogation chamber, seemed to be permanently seared into her consciousness. She couldn’t escape his perfect, black, wavy hair...or those dark soulful eyes...or those sinfully full lips. To be frank, her thoughts about his lips embarrassed her--before he had invaded her mind, Rey had briefly thought that perhaps he was going to kiss her. And for a split second, she’d wondered what it would be like to kiss those lips before she came to her senses and chased that thought from her head. Rey had been in his head. She’d seen that he was just as lonely as she was and had nearly the same desire to feel like he belonged somewhere as she did. She’d seen that he did want to go home, even though he didn’t think that he would be accepted. Out of anger over his violation of her personal thoughts and privacy, she’d spat his deepest fear back at him. And then, after she’d escaped, he’d done the unthinkable...when his father, Han Solo, had pleaded with him to come home, Kylo reacted by murdering him. However, if Rey wasn’t already convinced that Kylo was a walking contradiction, when they’d fought in the forest as Rey and Finn tried to escape, he’d offered to teach her...in fact, he’d actually nudged the Force towards her, which she in turn was able to use to defeat him. Opening her eyes, she tried to push thoughts of Kylo out of her mind. She was sure that they’d cross paths again, but for this upcoming trip to Rinou, he would not be the focus of her thoughts. *** Poe guided the Falcon in to land in a protected hangar just outside of the palace walls. As the threesome of Rey, Poe, and Leia disembarked from the ship, they were met by a group of six armed royal guards. The guards wore ornate purple jackets and pants, resembling fancy military uniforms. Her rucksack containing her holodeck and a few changes of clothes slung over her shoulder, Rey immediately noted how the group from the Resistance was outnumbered. The threesome was led through a covered walkway to a secure gate that required two of the guards to simultaneously have their handprints scanned before the group was granted entrance. “Is everything here this secure?” Rey wondered out loud, not hiding the bit of nervousness in her voice. One of the guards replied, “King Prana is very concerned with the safety of all of his citizens who live and work within the palace walls.” “Oh good,” Poe commented dryly. “It’s reassuring to hear that we’ll be safe here.” The scanner beeped, acknowledging the validation of the guards’ handprints. A door slid open, and the guards ushered them through into a huge open courtyard. Rey gasped. She had never seen anything like this place. They were led down a path through a very large garden that was full of exotic flowers and other types of plants. While they walked, every so often, Rey could see a small furry orange animal occasionally peek out and stalking through the greenery. When she’d occasionally make eye contact, the animal would quickly duck back into the leaves, vanishing until Rey spotted it again. Eventually, the path through the garden morphed into a path through a small marketplace, where vendors had set up stalls selling fresh produce, breads, cheeses, and cooked foods, among other items. Rey had a strong urge to stop and browse the various food stalls--especially those that seemed to be offering samples, but the guards escorting them walked at a brisk pace and seemed intent on getting the Resistance group to their destination as quickly as possible. Finally, they were led to another secure door. Again, the door required two guards scanning their handprints at the same time to gain entry. The door slid open, the group marched through, and the door immediately slid shut again. Rey flinched as she heard a locking mechanism bolt the door back into place. The guards led the group down a long hallway that was lined alternately with tapestries and holopics. Rey found that they were then led down a maze of other, smaller hallways with lots of turns, sometimes leading them up staircases and sometimes down staircases. Although she tried to commit their route to memory, she knew that she’d quickly get lost here if she was trying to find her way without someone to guide her. Well, she could always try to use the Force to guide her, she surmised. Too bad that she was barely trained and that her mentor had elected to stay back at the Resistance base. Once Rey was convinced that she was completely lost, the guards ushered her, Poe, and General Organa into a small room. “Hand over your weapons, please. We don’t allow them in the throne room,” one of the guards held out his hand waiting for everyone to hand over their blasters. Rey looked to the General and Poe who both handed over their blasters without betraying any emotion. Begrudgingly, Rey did the same. “And the lightsaber,” the guard added. Rey looked to Poe and the General; she had hoped that the guard wouldn’t be able to identify the weapon clipped to her belt. “Go ahead, Rey. It’s just standard protocol,” General Organa reassured her. Rey hesitated another minute, then finally handed over her lightsaber, never lifting her glare from her face the entire time. “Are you right-handed or left-handed?” the guard asked. “Left-handed,” Rey answered with suspicion. “Please extend your right arm,” instructed the guard. Rey slowly extended her right arm. The guard grabbed her hand and fastened a thin, metal bracelet around her wrist. A thin strip of lights ran around the circumference of the bracelet. “What is that?” Rey asked. “It’s a tracker,” the guard replied. “King Prana requests that all of his guests wear them.” He continued, “While you’re enjoying your stay here, you’ll be free to explore the unrestricted parts of the palace. However, if you attempt to move into restricted space, your bracelet will beep, and you will be removed from the area by an armed escort.” Rey lifted her wrist to eye level, examining the tracker bracelet. She wondered how she might be able to remove it. “Don’t you think this is all a bit overkill?” Poe chimed in. “We’re on a diplomatic mission and don’t expect to be here for more than a day or two.” “Nothing is overkill when it comes to protecting the safety of King Prana and the inhabitants of this palace,” the guard stated sternly. He suddenly noticed Rey eyeing her bracelet and added, “Don’t try to remove it. There’s a small explosive device implanted in the cuff that will explode if anyone other than authorized personnel tries to remove it.” “O-ver-kill,” Poe enunciated sarcastically. “You’re next,” the guard turned to Poe. Poe rolled his eyes and offered his arm to the guard, who promptly fastened a cuff to his wrist. General Organa reluctantly offered her wrist, which was quickly cuffed as well. With all three human members of their party now wearing tracker bracelets, Poe rubbed his hands together in mock excitement and exclaimed. “Okay, now let’s meet King Prana!” The guards nodded at each other and guided the Resistance members out of the security room. The General shook her head and muttered something unintelligible under her breath. She then addressed the guard, “So, now can we see the King?” The guard shook his head, “Not yet.” He retrieved a commlink from somewhere within his robes. “Yorra, they’re ready.” The door to the security room opened, and a Togruta woman wearing a white labcoat entered carrying a small, black case. Rey watched as she set up a small device on a table off to the side of the room. “Who’s first?” the Togruta asked. “What’s that for?” Poe asked. “I need to obtain a small blood sample from each of you,” she replied sternly. “You already have trackers on each of us. What do you need our blood for?” Poe eyed the woman suspiciously. “We do a quick scan for communicable diseases.” “You have got to be kidding me!” the General blurted out. “I’ve been to this palace probably a dozen times in the past, and I’ve never had to give a blood sample before!” The Togruta gave the General a stern look. “Look, I wanted to be discreet about this, but it’s current standard operating procedure for all guests.” “Why?” Sighing, the Togruta continued. “King Prana wants to ensure that all of his guests enjoy themselves while they stay within the palace confines. For many guests, that includes...interacting...with some of the palace inhabitants in such a manner that we want to be proactive about treating any communicable diseases that you might be bringing in.” The General rolled her eyes and raised her voice. “I can assure you that neither Poe nor Rey will be fucking anyone in this palace while we’re here.” “We’ll see.” The Togruta pursed her lips. “Now, who wants to go first?” Trying to break the tension, Poe joked, “Well, I’m probably the one here that this most likely applies to, so I’ll go first.” He stepped forward and walked over to the device on the table. “Hand, please,” the Togruta instructed. Poe offered his hand, and the Togruta guided it into an opening on the device. An indicator light turned on, almost immediately followed by Poe yelping, then the indicator light turned blue. “All done,” the Togruta smiled at him. “Now was that so bad?” Poe removed his hand and rubbed his finger. He looked at Rey, “It only hurts for a second.” Rey took her turn after Poe. As expected, the sharp pain from the finger prick only lasted a second. Finally, General Organa took her turn. She looked at the Togruta, making sure that the woman understood that the General disagreed with this on every level. “I am only doing this because of what we stand to gain by negotiating with the King. Under no circumstances will I or anyone else on my team be sleeping with anyone here.” Ignoring her comment, the Togruta instructed, “Hand, please.” Reluctantly, the General complied. With the group now wearing trackers and having given blood samples, the General asked again, “ Now , can we see the King?” The guard nodded. “Yes, now we may take you to see the King.” *** The security room surprisingly turned out to be only a short walk away from the throne room, which was sealed with an ornately decorated set of wooden doors that rose from the floor to the raised ceiling of the hall. The group was stopped at the wooden doors while a guard pulled out a commlink, and simply said, “They’re here.” The guard listened for a second, then announced to the Resistance trio, “You’ve been cleared for entry. Stand back.” General Organa, Poe, and Rey all took several steps back as the huge wooden doors swung open towards them. Cautiously, as prompted by the two lead guards, Rey stepped into the throne room. With her eyes, she followed the path of a red carpet that started at the doors and ended on a platform that was set atop a short set of stairs. On the platform sat King Prana on his throne. Chapter 2 : A Proposal Summary: Rey, Poe, and General Organa meet King Prana and learn the real reason why they were invited to his palace. Notes: We kicked off our story in the last chapter, where Kylo narrowly missed intercepting Rey and Luke on Ahch-To. A few weeks later, Rey joined Poe and General Organa on a diplomatic mission to negotiate an alliance with King Prana. Before even being permitted to see the King, the Resistance trio is subjected to some rather unorthodox "security measures," including being forced to wear GPS tracker cuffs. Rey has a bad feeling about this. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) King Prana gestured wildly towards the Resistance members as they entered the throne room. “Come in! Come in! Please, come in and join me, my guests!” The King declared excitedly. Rey was immediately struck by how gruff the King’s voice was. He also had a noticeable accent that seemed only vaguely familiar, even with her many years of frequenting Niima Outpost on Jakku, where she frequently interacted with various traders, smugglers, and other travelers. Apparently, residents of the planet Rinou rarely made visits to Jakku. Glancing around hesitantly at Poe and General Organa, Rey waited for one of them to lead the way. General Organa nodded, and then proceeded to walk confidently down the red carpet that divided the throne room as Rey and Poe followed several feet behind her. Attempting not to gawk, a wide-eyed Rey tried to take in her surroundings as the group proceeded down the carpet towards the throne. The large chamber had vaulted ceilings with a glass ceiling, giving it the feel of an atrium, and seemed to serve a dual purpose of throne room and a recreation area where some of the other palace residents were idly passing time. To her left, relaxing on and around a chaise lounge and ottoman were two young men and two young women, roughly Rey’s age, and rather scantily clad, while a young man strummed a guitar and sang softly. To Rey’s right, another group of young people sat on an array of cushions and pillows, playing some sort of card game. Rey mentally noted that some--but not all--of the people that they had walked passed were also wearing tracker bracelets similar to the ones that she, Poe, and the General wore. She held back a frown at the observation. Trackers or not, everyone appeared to be quite relaxed. Rey couldn’t imagine ever feeling relaxed under these conditions. Glancing over to Poe, Rey tried to gauge his reaction. He appeared to be stifling a smirk. “Ever see anything like this on Jakku?” he whispered to her. Rey shook her head. “It’s like something out of some crazy holobook.” The General turned around and frowned at Rey and Poe, making it clear that she didn’t approve of their whispering. Complying with the General’s unstated order, Rey remained silent for the rest of the walk as they approached King Prana as he reclined on this throne. General Organa paused at the steps leading up to the platform for King Prana’s throne. The King sat silently for a minute, his eyes roving over each member of the Resistance trio. Finally, he stood up, opened his arms, and loudly declared, “Princess Leia!” He strode down the steps to meet General Organa, who he then immediately threw his arms around in an overly enthusiastic embrace. The gesture clearly caught the General off-guard, and she failed to disguise the surprise on her face. Rey studied the King as he pressed General Organa to his body; he wore no crown. King Prana appeared to be in his late 60’s and was dressed in a bright purple cape, which he wore over a white tunic and pants, which were decorated with gold accents. His hair was an unnatural white-blond color, and although he appeared to be balding, one section of his hair had been grown longer to compensate for his thinning hair and was combed over the top of his head. Additionally, the King’s skin was an unnatural shade of orange, and as Rey noticed, his hands appeared to be unusually small for his stature. Finally, King Prana released the General, took a single step backwards, and openly looked the General’s body up and down. Poe and Rey exchanged glances; they weren’t used to seeing the leader of the Resistance treated like this. The General maintained a neutral expression and stated, “Thank you, Your Highness, for hosting us.” The King walked past the General and visually assessed both Poe and Rey then declared, “Well, I can see why you stick with the Resistance these days. These two are definitely far easier on the eyes than a typical Senator.” King Prana’s gaze made Rey feel uncomfortable. Without thinking about it, she stepped closer to Poe. “And who might this beautiful young woman be?” the King declared, as he zeroed in on Rey, causing her to shrink further towards Poe. Unsure what the proper etiquette was under these circumstances, Rey bowed slightly and replied, “My name is Rey.” Apparently not caring about proper etiquette, Poe simply extended his hand to the King. “I’m Poe Dameron. Rey and I are General Organa’s pilots.” The King shook Poe’s hand. “Thank you for taking care of our Princess.” King Prana turned his attention back to Rey, who he looked over again. “If you ever get tired of flying that old bucket of bolts around the galaxy for the Princess, let me know. I would be more than happy to welcome you to join us here.” Rey cringed, then quickly recovered her composure. “Thank you for the generous offer, but I quite enjoy flying.” “Fair enough,” the King replied. “However, during your stay here, I hope that my hospitality will be able to convince you otherwise. You would certainly enjoy a more luxurious lifestyle here.” General Organa cleared her throat. “King Prana. Is there somewhere that you would like to begin the negotiations?” The King turned around, returning his attention to the General. “Oh Leia, you’re still all business, aren’t you? Just like old times.” “This is hardly a pleasure trip for us,” the General coldly replied. “Oh, but it should be,” the King grinned. “In any case, I don’t think that we’ll be able to work through all of the negotiation points in an afternoon. With that in mind, I had my staff prepare guest quarters for each of you.” “I really don’t think that will be necessary,” General Organa frowned. “Nonsense. I think that we would all feel better about this potential alliance if we’re all comfortable with and able to trust each other, don’t you? To that end, I would like for the three of you to be my guests for the next few days, as we get to know each other.” General Organa sighed, “Fine. But I want our flexibility in this regard to be noted during negotiations.” “It will be duly noted,” the King reassured her. “And on that note, I would like to extend a dinner invitation to everyone tonight. On anticipation of your arrival, I arranged for our chefs prepare an exquisite meal for you all.” “That would be lovely. Thank you.” The King turned around and motioned at three young women who had been standing on the throne platform during the entire exchange. Ranging in age from their late teens to their early 30’s, the women made their way down the steps and stood behind the King. “These are three of my daughters. They will show you to your quarters and explain the various amenities that will be available to you as our guests.” The General thanked him again for his hospitality, and she, Rey, and Poe were escorted out of the throne room by the three young women. *** Rey, Poe, and General Organa followed King Prana’s daughters out of the throne room and down a series of corridors. Once again, Rey had the uncomfortable feeling that she could easily get lost in this palace. She assured herself that this should be a relatively easy mission--negotiate whatever alliance between the Resistance and Rinou, and get out of there quickly, right? It wasn’t like they were going to have to deal with the First Order in any of this. A tall, brunette daughter who appeared to be a few years older than Rey stopped the Resistance group at a T-intersection. “We’ll be temporarily parting ways here,” she announced. “I’ll be leading the pilot to his quarters this way.” She motioned to the left branch of the T. “The quarters for the Princess and the co-pilot are down that hall,” she took Poe’s arm and motioned to the right branch of the T. Rey watched as the woman guided Poe down the hall. Poe looked back over his shoulder with a grin and a shrug. “Stay out of trouble,” General Organa warned, partially joking, as Poe was led out of sight. One of the two remaining daughters, a statuesque blonde, turned to General Organa. “Please, follow me.” She motioned for Rey and the General to follow her as the third daughter walked silently by her side. After walking for a few more minutes, they came to a large set of durasteel double doors. “Princess Leia,” the blonde woman gave a slight bow. “King Prana has prepared the royal suite for you, if you’ll come with me.” “That really isn’t necessary,” General Organa protested. “Please, my father insisted. We offer the same hospitality to all visiting royalty.” The General simply flashed a skeptical look to the young woman and allowed herself to be led through the double doors. As the General and the blonde daughter disappeared into the suite, the remaining daughter, who was petite with olive skin and black hair, turned to Rey. “Hi, I’m Sulalle.” “I’m Rey,” Rey extended her hand to the girl, who was several inches shorter and appeared to be at least a year or two younger than herself. Sulalle stopped in front of another set of durasteel doors. An electronic control panel with a touchscreen pad was embedded in the stone wall next to the door. The girl tapped a few keys and then pressed her hand to the touchscreen. The monitor beeped. “Place your hand on the touchscreen,” Sulalle instructed. “You’ll need to initialize a handprint scan so that you can open your door on your own.” Rey pressed her hand to the touchpad. “So, I won’t be kept a prisoner in my room?” she joked. Sulalle smiled sweetly at her. “Hopefully not.” Rey frowned. She had to be joking, right? The scanner beeped. “Remove your hand, please,” Sulalle requested. Rey did as she was asked, and Sulalle tapped a few more keys on the touchpad. “Okay, you should be good to go now. Place your hand back on the scanner, and the door should open.” Rey placed her hand on the scanner. The control panel beeped, and the door slid open, revealing the guest quarters that had been assigned to Rey. Stepping into the room with Sulalle on her heels, Rey couldn’t hide her shock at the opulence of the room and its furnishings. In the center of the room sat the largest bed that Rey had ever seen. Against one wall was a chest of drawers and a tall, standing wardrobe. The wall across from the entrance had the room’s only window. Rey walked over to the window, which had no screen or lock, easily allowing her to open it. She poked her head out of the window, peering out, and was immediately struck by how high up she was. Her room must be at least four or five stories up, with a wall to the grounds nearly immediately below her window, and a view of the surrounding forest and mountains beyond that wall. “Rey?” Rey snapped out of her thoughts and turned around. Sulalle stood next to the standing wardrobe. Once she had Rey’s attention, Sulalle opened the wardrobe doors and motioned for Rey to join her. Rey walked over to the wardrobe, and was stunned yet again. At least a half dozen gowns hung at one end of the rack. At the other end hung an equal number of less-formal day dresses. “Dinner tonight will be a formal affair. My father requests that you and your party be attired properly.” Sulalle selected a long, emerald green gown and held it up to Rey. “I think that this would be lovely on you. The color will be very flattering to your complexion.” Rey took the dress and gasped. “Are you sure? I’d be afraid to wear this to dinner in case I spill something on it!” She tried to hide her surprise with a joke. “Everything in these wardrobes is yours to keep. Consider it all to be a gift from my father.” Stunned, Rey didn’t know what to say. They were only supposed to be here for a few days, at most. There was no way that she could accept a gift of an entire wardrobe of high-end clothing. On top of that, when she left, where would she ever have the occasion to wear these things again? Galas weren’t exactly regular occurrences on the Resistance base. Sulalle continued the tour of Rey’s room, walking over to the chest of drawers. She pulled open the top drawer. “Lingerie and undergarments are in the top drawer.” “Lingerie? Why would I need lingerie?” Rey couldn’t believe how weird this whole situation was. Sulalle placed a hand on Rey’s arm. “We do have many attractive young men--or young women, if that’s your preference--who reside in the palace. My father encourages socialization--it keeps the residents and guests both happy.” Rey was beginning to find Sulalle’s demeanor unnerving. Rey wasn’t a prude--she got a kick out of hearing Poe and the other pilots talk about their various escapades, but the environment here seemed excessive. Sulalle cleared her throat to regain Rey’s attention and pulled out the middle drawer. “Casual clothing is in this drawer. You won’t be expected to wear formal attire your entire stay here. I expect that whatever meetings you attend for negotiations, you’ll be permitted to wear more comfortable clothing.” “Right,” Rey nodded. Sulalle’s attention then turned to a rack of shoes and boots. “Footwear is here. If you need help pairing shoes or boots with an outfit, someone can assist you.” She then walked over to a small comm center that was mounted to the wall. “You can tap through the touch screen to view the directory. We have staff who can help you with anything at any hour of the day or night.” “Thank you.” Sulalle walked to doorway that was off of the other side wall of the room. “The ‘fresher is in there.” Rey scurried over to see what a ‘fresher looked like in a place like this. Sulalle continued. “You’ve got a standalone shower, a jetted bathtub, and…” she paused, opening a medicine cabinets that was filled with small compacts, brushes, and jars, “a selection of cosmetics to compliment your complexion for formal dress occasions.” “Mmm, thanks,” Rey replied. This was all way, way too much. She was supposed to wear a formal gown and makeup to dinner tonight? She’d never worn makeup before in her life; she wasn’t even sure she’d know what paint or powder to put where on her face. Sulalle made her way back to the entrance to Rey’s quarters. “I think that’s about everything for now. If you have any questions, don’t hesitate to use the comm. Dinner is scheduled to start at 2000 hours tonight. Someone will stop by a few minutes before that to escort you to the dining room.” “Got it,” Rey nodded. Sulalle turned and exited Rey’s room. Rey plopped down on the bed and exhaled, feeling completely overwhelmed. She checked the holocron on the wall and was relieved to see that she’d have several hours to relax and get cleaned up before having to deal with the formal dinner party that was apparently facing her that night. Flopping onto her back, Rey stared up at the ceiling for several minutes. She hadn’t thought that she’d be doing anything more than tagging along after General Organa on what was supposed to be a diplomatic negotiation. She hadn’t expected to deal with formal dinners, weird security measures, or an apparently lecherous king as part of the deal. The best case scenario would be that negotiations would go well tonight, and she could still get out of here relatively quickly. She missed the companionship among the Resistance members she’d found once she and Luke had returned to the Resistance after evacuating Ahch-To. If Rey was being truthful, she had been secretly relieved to get chased from Ahch-To. Being alone on the island (and the planet as far as she knew) had been awkward. Luke didn’t talk much, and Rey’s isolation there rivaled her isolation on Jakku, but at least on Jakku, she occasionally enjoyed the company of travelers or other scavengers. On Ahch-To, however, Luke had expected her to spend hours meditating and levitating small objects, even though she’d successfully performed more advanced skills on Starkiller Base. That morning, when Luke had told her that he sensed Kylo Ren’s impending arrival, she was all too happy to help pack up their things and fly back to the Resistance base. Still laying on the bed, Rey pulled her satchel to her and felt around inside. Thankfully, her holopad hadn’t been found, or at least, it hadn’t been confiscated from her. She considered sending a message to Finn, but then decided against it. What would she say? Her description of their current situation would likely worry him, and Rey didn’t want to needlessly worry her friend until she had better assessed if she, General Organa, and Poe were truly in any sort of trouble, or whether their extended stay here would simply be an annoyance. Eventually, Rey found the energy to sit up and slide off the bed. She shuffled over to the ‘fresher, turned on the shower, and was pleasantly surprised to find out that the water heated up nearly instantly. Quickly, she shed her Resistance uniform, tossing the individual pieces into a pile on the ‘fresher floor. With a sigh, she stepped into the shower and allowed herself to finally relax blissfully under the flow of the hot water. *** As she had been told, one of King Prana’s assistants knocked on Rey’s door at 1950 hours to escort her to the dining room. “Where are General Organa and Poe?” Rey asked as she entered the dining room, slightly concerned that neither of her colleagues were present yet. “Don’t worry, they’ll be here shortly,” the assistant assured her before exiting the room, leaving Rey standing by herself at one end of a long, formal dining table. King Prana sat at the opposite end of the table. He was flanked by two armed guards and was speaking with a man with a holocamera around his neck and a datapad in his hand. The King smiled as he noticed Rey. “Rey, please come over and join us!” the King declared, enthusiastically waving Rey over to his side of the table. Cautiously, Rey walked the distance of the table and stood in front of the King. She glanced back over her shoulder, feeling apprehensive about being alone in a room with this man. Trying to follow the crash course in etiquette that the General had briefed her on in the Falcon, Rey bowed slightly and said quietly, “Thank you, Your Highness.” The King leaned forward and took Rey’s hands in his own. “I have known Princess Leia for many years, and she clearly thinks very highly of you. While we are waiting for the others to arrive, I would love to learn more about who you are. Rey, please, tell me a bit about yourself.” Rey looked around nervously, hoping that the General or Poe would magically appear. When they did not, she cleared her throat and began, “Well, there’s not much to tell. I, um, I grew up on Jakku, and I joined up with the Resistance about two months ago.” King Prana smiled and shook his head. “Uh-uh. There’s more to the story than that. You wouldn’t be flying Princess Leia around and accompanying her on missions if you were just some new Resistance recruit from Jakku.” He studied her, looking her up and down. “How old are you?” “Twenty,” Rey replied. Why was he asking her this? “You are very beautiful. Did you live on Jakku your entire life?” Not wanting to give the King any more information than necessary, Rey simply responded, “No, but I’d lived there since I was a young child.” She briefly toyed with the idea of peeking inside of the King’s head--something that she hadn’t done to anyone since her encounter with Kylo Ren on Starkiller--try to figure out where the King was going with this line of questioning. The King nodded at someone at the other end of the table. Suddenly, the guard picked up glass goblet from his end of the table and hurled it at Rey. Without thinking, Rey’s hand shot behind her back and caught the goblet. King Prana chuckled. “You have very quick reflexes.” Rey sat the goblet down on the table and eyed the King suspiciously. “I suppose so.” The King laughed again, grabbed Rey’s arms and pulled her towards him, guiding her so that she was practically sitting on his knee. Rey tried to get up and pull away, but the King’s grip was firm. “Elos, please, can you take a holopic of me and my new friend here?” King Prana asked the man with the camera. Rey squirmed. “I really don’t think that’s necessary.” “Nonsense! I want to capture this moment,” he ran his hands up and down Rey’s bare arms. “I’d love to have a picture of just the two of us before your friends arrive. Now smile.” Rey smiled for the camera, unsure what else to do. The photographer took several photos as Rey helplessly looked to the doorway, hoping that General Organa would arrive to rescue her from this situation. Finally, Rey saw the General being escorted through the doorway, causing King Prana to release his hold on Rey, who then scrambled out of reach of the King. The King welcomed Princess Leia to dinner and instructed her to sit in the chair to his right and instructed Rey to sit in the chair to his left, directly across from the General. The General smiled at Rey as she sat down. “Rey, you look lovely this evening.” “Thank you, General. You look great, too.” Rey returned the compliment then wondered if there was any way that she’d be able to catch a moment alone with the General to discuss what had happened with King Prana a few moments ago. It had been weird and uncomfortable. Not that Rey couldn’t handle herself, but she also didn’t want to needlessly object to something if the weirdness was all in her head; she couldn’t put their mission at risk. Escorted by one of the King’s aides, Poe finally entered the dining room. As directed, he sat next to Rey. The aide then took a seat next to General Organa. “Welcome!” King Prana greeted everyone. “I am honored to host you here on Rinou as my guests.” The King waved over a server, who poured goblets of wine for everyone at the table, then served the first course--slices of crusty bread topped with some sort savory chopped vegetable spread that Rey was unfamiliar with. Self-conscious about her inexperience with formal dining, Rey sat quietly and picked at her food through dinner as King Prana and General Organa conversed. The fact that King Prana refused to call the General by her current title and insisted on calling her “Princess Leia” did not escape Rey. What felt like course after course of delicacy after delicacy was served to the dining party. Not surprisingly, the wine flowed freely, as well. Rey made sure to drink slowly, often holding her goblet to her lips but not drinking. With her discomfort with King Prana, Rey didn’t want to ingest anything that might impair her judgment. Sighing to herself, she wondered when the actual negotiations for an alliance would begin--anything to get her out of here as quickly as possible. Eventually, the servers brought out dessert, depositing a small flaming dish in front of each member of the dinner party. Rey watched as King Prana and General Organa blew out their dishes and then followed their leads. They waited several minutes for the dish to cool down, with General Organa eventually taking a small spoon to break the crust on the dessert’s surface, then taking a bit of that and the spongy layer beneath it onto her spoon and into her mouth. Imitating General Organa, Rey did the same and was pleasantly shocked at the contrast of sweet and savory flavors, along with the crunchy and soft textures that filled her mouth. “I hope that you’ve all been enjoying your meal!” King Prana clapped his hands several times to get everyone’s attention. “Now, I’d like to begin the discussion around the formation of an alliance between Rinou and the Resistance. First, let’s start with a toast!” Another server appeared, distributing long, slender glasses of a sparkling wine to everyone who sat at the table. Following the lead of everyone else at the table, Rey clinked her glass with those held by Poe, the General, King Prana, and his aide. King Prana continued with a smile. “I have one simple condition for committing all resources and personnel at my disposal to the cause of the Resistance.” The King stood up out of his chair then kneeled down on one knee in front of General Organa. “Princess Leia, you are the most beautiful woman in the galaxy. For most of my adult life, I have watched from the sidelines as you were wed to another man. However, now that he has sadly perished, I wish to pledge my devotion to you and your cause.” He took the General’s hand, who exchanged a shocked look with Poe and Rey. “Princess Leia,” King Prana continued, “in exchange for my kingdom’s resources, will you marry me?” Notes: Thank you everyone for your wonderful response to this fic so far! Your kudos and comments are a huge source of encouragement! Chapter 3 : Welcome to the family Summary: King Prana elaborates on his proposal to Princess Leia, and Rey makes a shocking discovery. Notes: I can't believe that Carrie Fisher has been gone for a week... RIP, Carrie. I posted last week's chapter right before the news about Carrie broke, and I'm somewhat relieved that this isn't a very Leia-heavy chapter, as that would have been emotionally difficult to revise and post. *** Recap of last week's chapter: Rey & co. meet the rather creepy King Prana. Rey finds out that this mission won't be over quite as quickly as she'd hoped, and the Resistance trio have a formal dinner with the King, where King Prana makes a shocking marriage proposal to General Organa. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) General Leia Organa stared at King Prana in stunned silence. With a warm smile, the King rubbed the General’s hand and repeated his proposal. “Princess Leia Organa, will you become my wife?” Slowly, General Organa pulled her hand back from the King and found herself at a rare loss for words. “I-- I--, I’m very flattered, but I can’t.” King Prana rose from his knee and resumed his seat at the head of the table. “I know that on some level, you know that I’ve been in love with you for many years, so my proposal can’t come as a total shock. You don’t have to answer me immediately.” Choosing her words carefully, General Organa replied. “I will take my time and think it over.” The King laughed. “Now, don’t take too much time. For the next three days, I am opening up the non-restricted areas of the palace for you and your pilots to enjoy,” he gestured to Rey and Poe. “At the end of three days, however, I would like your answer. I am hosting a gala at that time, and I would like to announce our engagement that evening.” Unsure what else to say, General Organa nodded, “Thank you. I will give your proposal serious consideration.” *** Rey did not sleep well that night, unable to tear her thoughts away from the bizarre dinner and the even more bizarre marriage proposal that King Prana had made to General Organa that night. She couldn’t imagine having a choice like the General’s weighing on her shoulders. On one hand, it would be a no-brainer to turn down the proposal; General Organa has recently been widowed from the love of her life, and to be blunt about it, King Prana was creepy. On the other hand, Rey knew that General Organa placed a sense of duty and service to the galaxy above all else--including family and her own comfort. What if King Prana’s resources on Rinou really were enough to sway the war in the favor of the Resistance? Rey rolled over onto her back and stared at the ceiling. She wondered what would be expected of General Organa if she did go ahead and go through with the marriage. Would the General have to kiss the King? Rey shuddered at the thought; she didn’t have much experience with romantic relationships, but she had kissed a couple of boys on Jakku. And then there was that kiss from a pilot friend of Poe’s had unexpectedly planted on Rey’s mouth when she had been up late socializing one night. King Prana might be royalty, but frankly, he was gross. Rey couldn’t imagine kissing him, let alone engaging in the more intimate aspects of a marriage. But this would be a political marriage, not a romantic one, right? General Organa definitely wouldn’t have to actually have sex with King Prana, would she? Rey squeezed her eyes shut and tried to not think too much about the General’s situation. She knew that she’d support the General’s decision no matter what. *** The next morning, Rey awoke to loud knocking on her door. Quickly, she threw on a silk dressing gown over her nightclothes, and opened the door. To her surprise, Sulalle stood outside of her door, fully dressed already. “Good morning, Rey,” Sulalle greeted her with a smile. “Oh hello, good morning!” Rey yawned, running her hand through her tangled hair and still feeling a bit sleepy. “What time is it? Did I oversleep.” “Father sent me to deliver a message to you,” Sulalle replied. “He would like for you to join him for breakfast in the garden this morning.” “Oh, okay,” Rey frowned, surprised by the request. “You can go ahead and shower and change; I can wait outside for you, and then I’ll escort you to the garden.” *** A short time later, Rey found herself sitting at a small bistro table across from King Prana. Pitchers of caf and juice and a basket of pastries sat on the table, waiting for her arrival. Rey glanced around nervously, wondering why only she had been invited to this breakfast. The only other people present in the garden were four of the King’s royal guards. “Do you drink caf?” the King asked, pouring himself a cup of the hot beverage and handing the pitcher over to Rey. “Yes, thank you,” she took the pitcher and poured a cup. Rey had only discovered caf since joining the Resistance and usually used generous amounts of cream and sugar to combat the bitter taste. She held the cup to her nose. “This smells amazing.” “The beans for that caf were grown here on Rinou. There’s a clan that specializes in growing and process top-quality beans, and that’s the only place that I source by caf from for the palace.” Cautiously, Rey took a sip. “It’s delicious.” “Of course, it is,” the King chuckled. “I wouldn’t have anything other than the best here.” He handed her the basket of pastries. “Please, have a pastry.” Rey took a glazed roll of some kind and placed it on the plate in front of her, looking at the King expectantly. She wondered if King Prana was ever going to get to the point and tell her why she was here having breakfast alone with him. Her mind returned to the uncomfortable memory of the previous night, when the King had gotten overly friendly with her. Given that he had just proposed marriage to General Organa the previous night, he wouldn’t have invited her to this breakfast with a questionable motive, would he? “So, Rey, you’re awfully young to be one of Princess Leia’s personal pilots. You must be awfully good at flying. How did you come into your position?” Rey looked around, wishing that General Organa or someone else was available to answer the question. Not wanting to divulge her involvement with the Skywalker family or their drama, Rey answered carefully, “General Organa chose me for my piloting skills.” “Did you attend a flight academy?” “No,” Rey took a bite of her pastry. Wanting to change the subject, she commented, “This is delicious. What is this?” “That’s a beignet. My pastry chef made them fresh in our kitchen this morning,” the King smiled and then changed the subject back to Rey’s flight training. “So, if you didn’t attend an academy, where did you become so skilled at flying at such a young age?” “I taught myself using a flight simulator,” Rey replied with her mouth full of beignet. “Impressive. Where did you have access to a flight simulator?” Rey felt increasingly uncomfortable with King Prana’s line of questioning. Where was he going with this? Why did he care where or how she learned to fly? She toyed with the idea of lying about her flight simulator, but then decided that would probably only lead to more trouble and instead spoke truthfully. “I built the simulator myself.” King Prana stared at Rey for a moment. Maintaining eye contact, he stated, “I’m going to cut to the chase here. You’re Force-sensitive, aren’t you?” Rey nearly choked on her beignet. “I-- I...Why do you ask?” “I saw your reflexes when that goblet was thrown at you last night? Between that and your reputation as a pilot, it’s pretty obvious.” Rey’s face felt like it was burning. She really didn’t know if she should be discussing any of this; why would he even care if one of General Organa’s pilots was Force-sensitive? Sensing Rey’s discomfort, the King tried to assure her. “You have no reason to fear. I have absolutely nothing against Force sensitives. Quite the opposite, actually. I was merely curious.” “Um, okay,” Rey warily took another bite of her beignet. “Let me guess. You’ve been training to be a Jedi with Princess Leia’s brother and son?” “Sort of.” Trying to to hide her surprise at the General’s son being mentioned along with Luke, as if nothing was wrong, Rey picked up her cup and took a sip of caf. Clearly, the King had no knowledge of what had happened with Ben and Luke six years ago, when Ben had fallen and become Kylo Ren. “How is Ben? I haven’t seen him in years. He was probably 15 or 16, and quite the beanpole at that time. Does he still have that hair?” Rey spit out her caf, spraying it across her plate. “Yes,” she choked. “He still has that hair.” King Prana laughed and shook his head. “When he’d come through here with his mother, my girls used to practically fight each other to run their fingers through his hair.” Rey felt her cheeks grow hot, embarrassed that a passing thought of running her fingers through Kylo Ren’s hair had crossed her mind a few times. “He does have very nice hair.” She grabbed another beignet from the basket and shoved half of it into her mouth. “I’m actually kind of surprised that he wasn’t one of Leia’s pilots for this mission.” The King looked directly at Rey. “He never liked me very much. I don’t think he really trusted me around his mother. Not that I ever stood a shot with her as long as Han was around.” If it were possible, the conversation had gotten even stranger, and Rey still wasn’t sure why the King had requested to have breakfast with her. Had he assumed that she was close to General Organa, and perhaps he was trying to get in with Rey’s good graces, thinking that it might influence the General’s decision? In any case, if King Prana didn’t know what had happened with Ben/Kylo, Rey thought that it was probably best that he continued to not know--she didn’t trust the King to not use Ben’s fall as leverage in some way with the General. Still, Rey did find it somewhat amusing that Ben apparently hadn’t trusted the King any more than she did. “What’s so funny?” King Prana asked. “Hmmm?” “You’re smiling.” “Oh, um, nothing.” Rey quickly recovered her composure. “It’s just funny to hear someone talk about Ben when he was younger.” “Are you two...close?” “No! Definitely not” she blurted out in horror. King Prana held up his hands in mock defense. “My apologies. I wasn’t trying to insinuate anything.” He then added, “Although it wouldn’t come as a surprise, given that you’re both young, attractive Force users. You are both single, I assume? Rey looked at him skeptically. Why in the world would King Prana have any interest in her love life? “Yes, I’m single. And as far as Ben goes, there isn’t anyone that I’m aware of.” Or at least, she hadn’t seen thoughts of any significant other when she’d peered into his mind, she thought to herself. “I’m curious,” King Prana brought his hands together so that his two index fingers touched. “Is there a reason why Ben didn’t accompany you all on this mission? He was always very protective of his mother.” Rey shrugged, not wanting to give away any information that the King did not already have. “I don’t think he knew. He’s off doing his own thing right now.” The King glanced at Rey’s empty plate. “Are you finished eating? I’d like you to take a walk with me.” “Um, sure,” she replied tentatively. The King stood up and offered Rey the crook of his arm. She looked around nervously, not feeling comfortable being alone with this man and wherever he planned to lead her, before she accepted and also stood up. They spent several minutes quietly walking through the palace flower gardens before either of them spoke. King Prana cleared his throat. “Rey, tell me about your life on Jakku. What was it like growing up there?” Rey stared at the flowers off to the side of the path in an effort to avoid making eye contact. “Hot and dry.” “Did you live there your entire life?” She shook her head. “No, or at least, I don’t think so. Not that I really remember it, but I lived somewhere else until I was about 5.” “I assume that you lived with your parents? Tell me about your mother.” Something about King Prana’s tone jarred Rey. She looked up and stared at him. He knew something about her beyond what she had told him, she was certain. Rey chose her words carefully. “Why do you want to know?” “I just want to get to know you better.” The King’s words felt fake. Rey had spent enough time dealing liars on Jakku that she could easily identify them. King Prana wanted something from her. She was now sure, and she needed to get out of here as quickly as possible. Trying to steer the conversation towards more a more superficial topic, she commented, “These gardens are beautiful. Are all of these flowers native to Rinou?” “They are, indeed. Rey, I know that you haven’t been here for very long, but how do you like our palace?” The King placed his arm around Rey’s shoulders. She tried not to shudder in response. How was she supposed to answer that question? That the palace appeared beautiful on the surface, and that Rinou’s people had all so far been very friendly and helpful, but that she still had a very uneasy feeling being there? Instead, Rey gave him the answer that she suspected King Prana wanted to hear. “It’s very lovely here. Your daughter, Sulalle has been very kind to me.” The King clasped her shoulder. “Good! I am happy to hear that. I was hoping that you two might become friendly with each other.” Rey shook off his grip. “I guess we could. But I probably won’t be here for more than a few days. Regardless of what General Organa decides, I’ll be heading back to the Resistance soon with Poe.” “Of course. You wouldn’t expect to be spending much time here. But tell me, Rey, if you had the chance, would you like to stay here for a bit longer?” Rey eyed him suspiciously. “How much longer, and why?” King Prana placed his arm back around Rey’s shoulder again. He smiled. “Rey, I have some good news for you. You have a home here. You will always have a home here.” “What do you mean?” she asked, exasperated and tired of his mind games. “Why, it turns out that you’re family! Do you recall that blood sample that we took when you arrived?” “Yes?” A feeling of dizziness overcame her. Family? Without thinking, she grabbed the King’s arm to help keep her balance. “When I met you, you reminded me of someone who used to be very important to me. I had our technicians run a DNA analysis on your blood sample, and it turns out that I was right.” The King pulled Rey into his chest, embracing her. “Rey, I am your father!” Notes: Thank you all so much for the wonderful kudos and comments! They are a huge writing motivator! I know that we've had two Kylo-less chapters in a row, but I promise that he and his impulsive self is back next chapter! Chapter 4 : Lady Rey is currently unattached Summary: Rey reacts to finding out that she's the long-lost daughter of King Prana. Kylo Ren is again pursuing "personal interests". Notes: When we last left Rey, she had just received the shock of her life in finding out that King Prana was her father. Shortly before this, Prana had proposed to General Organa, offering her and the Resistance an alliance, but only if she would agree to be his wife. And where is Kylo while all of this is going on? We shall soon find out... (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey immediately felt physically ill. She wrenched herself from his grasp, bent over, and heaved her breakfast into a flower bed. She had spent all of these years hoping that her family would find her, and this man turns out to be her father? Taking a minute to recover, she stood up straight with tears in her eyes. King Prana had a look of curiosity on his face. “What? How-- How can you be my father?” she stammered. “Come, let’s sit down,” King Prana took her arm and led her to one of the benches that lined the garden path. “I don’t understand. I waited for my parents to come back for me for so long… I’d finally accepted that they were probably dead. How can I be your daughter?” Rey looked to the King, tears now streaming down her face. The King placed his arm around Rey. “I had my suspicions as soon as I saw you in the throne room. You look just like your mother did at your age, and then when it became apparent that you were Force-sensitive, I was pretty sure that I knew who you were. That’s why I had the DNA test run on your blood sample.” Rey pulled back and stared at the King. “How did you know my mother? What happened to her?” She failed to hide the anger that was starting to build in her voice. “I can only tell you what I know,” the King explained. “Your mother lived here at the palace with us. I’ve fathered children with many women, but I found your mother to be very special.” “WHAT?!?” Rey blurted out in horror. “My mother was part of whatever goes on here at this...palace?!?” “Calm down,” King Prana grabbed Rey by the upper arms and told her sternly, “I treat my lady friends very well. She had a good life here.” Rey wrenched away from him and stood up, practically screaming. “What happened to her? What did you do to her?” The King stood up. “ I didn’t do anything to her. Even with everything that I did for her, she always seemed somewhat sad. Against my wishes, she left when you were around 4 or 5 years old and took you with her. I looked for her for many years, but never found her. If she ended up on Jakku at some point, I guess that would explain why we never found her.” Rey snorted. “Yes, she ‘ended up on Jakku’ at some point. She left me there and never came back. Something happened to her after that. I know that it did.” The King’s voice softened. “I’m sorry, Rey. I don’t know the circumstances, but we did receive reports that a woman matching her description was found deceased about thirteen years ago.” Crossing her arms in attempt to hold herself, Rey choked out a sob. “She’s been dead all this time? What happened? Where was she found? How did she die?” “I’m not sure,” he stroked her back. “The report came in from Arkanis. I have no idea what she was doing there. A death certificate was filed with the government there. I don’t have any more details beyond the fact that her death was listed as ‘suspicious’.” Rey looked up, trying to make sense of the fact that the man standing in front of her. “Did you ever even look for me?” “We did, initially, but when we couldn’t even find any information about you, we had assumed the worst--that either you were also deceased or had been abducted. The few leads that we’d had for your mother said that she had been traveling alone.” “Why would anyone have abducted me?” The King sighed. “Like you, your mother was also Force sensitive and very beautiful. Because of that, she attracted unwanted attention from people who had...less than honorable intentions. She originally came to Rinou seeking safe haven, since we’ve historically remained a neutral and independent planet.” Rey stared at the King, then at the ground, wishing that she could just disappear away somewhere to process this conversation. “I realize that all of this is probably a huge shock to you. Why don’t we start walking back to the palace?” “Thank you,” Rey nodded. “I think I need some time alone right now.” They walked in silence for a while. The King spoke again as they approached the palace doors. “I want you to know that you will always have a home here. In fact, regardless of what happens with Princess Leia, I would like it if you would stay a while, so that we can get to know each other.” Rey frowned. Regardless of any relation that she might have to him, King Prana made Rey feel extremely uneasy, and as soon as whatever happened was done here, she wanted to get back to her “normal” life (whatever that was) with the Resistance. However, she also didn’t have the energy to argue right now. “I’ll think about it,” she answered, faking a smile. He led her to the door. “I have duties that I must attend to now, so I’m leaving you here. There is one more thing that I wanted to ask of you, and I hope that you’ll accept.” “What is it?” she asked. “I’m holding a gala for my daughters--your sisters in two days. The primary purpose of the gala will be to find suitors for those that are unattached and of marriageable age. However, it really will just be a fancy party, and I encourage you to attend.” “That sounds nice,” Rey replied. She had never been to a fancy party before, and she wasn’t particular interested in changing that. Looking on the bright side, though, Rey had just learned that she actually had sisters! Sisters! Her mind drifted things that she’d only read about in holobooks--groups of girls together giggling, dancing, and checking out the cute boys. The King hugged her. “I’ll send one of your sisters to help you pick out a dress for the ball. Does that sound okay?” Rey perked up. She had never had any occasion to pick out a new dress for anything before. “Yes, I’d like that,” she grinned. “Good. We will be in touch. Try to enjoy the rest of your morning.” The King smiled at Rey, then disappeared down one of the palace’s many hallways. *** Rey sat on the bed in her guest quarters, attempting to meditate. After this morning’s traumatic revelation, she needed to calm herself. As Luke had taught her on Ahch-To, she sat and attempted to connect with the Force, letting its peaceful threads wrap around her consciousness. Focus was difficult; she now at least had a little information about what had happened to her mother, but finding out that she was the illegitimate daughter of a strange King? She had no idea how to feel about that. Rey continued to concentrate on feeling the strands of the Force, letting them transport her out of this room and away from her current drama. She felt the creatures in the forest beyond the palace walls, felt the life force of the trees, and felt the calm breeze that ran through those trees. In her mind, she ran her fingers through the Force threads much in the same way a young child might run her fingers through the yarn of a doll’s hair. The effect was immediately soothing. Rey allowed herself to be transported on the threads, not trying to influence them, but instead going with their flow. Suddenly, one thread jerked forward, causing Rey to nearly lose hold of the strand. What was this? Curious, Rey gently tugged back on the thread. Again, the thread jerked forward, pulling Rey with it. She let go of the other strands, allowing herself to be pulled with it. The sensation of being pulled along by the thread was almost euphoric; Rey imagined that this is what flying must feel like. She had no idea where the thread was taking her beyond a persistent thought in her mind that it was taking her somewhere that she absolutely needed to go. Pounding at her door jolted Rey out of her meditation. She blinked a few times, trying to bring her consciousness back to her current environment. The pounding resumed. Rey slid off of the bed and walked over to the door. She let the scanner read her hand, and the door slid open. General Organa and Poe stood on the other side. The General started to hold out her arms, and Rey threw herself into them, embracing the older woman in a hug. Without warning, the tears that Rey had largely been holding back began to flow freely. Calmly, the General rubbed the younger woman’s back. “Oh Rey, I can’t even imagine how you’re feeling,” she sighed. General Organa informed her that news of the development with Rey’s lineage spread rapidly. Apparently, King Prana was quite proud to have found his long-lost daughter, and once he had told Rey, he proceeded to tell the rest of his daughters and nearly everyone in his inner circle. From there, the gossip quickly spread to the King’s servants and guests, including General Organa and Poe. Rey sighed. “I feel like I’ve had a million emotions running through me all day.” She then turned her attention to Poe, and hugged him. “I just can’t believe that any of this is real.” “Do you want us to come in? Or would you like to be alone?” Poe asked. Rey shook her head. “I’ve been alone all morning, and it would be nice to be able to talk about this. Please come in.” Rey sat down on the bed, flanked by Poe and General Organa. She tried to lighten the mood by making a joke, turning to General Organa. “So, in a weird way, I guess you could become my stepmother.” General Organa snorted in response. Rey looked up, smiling through her tears. “Please tell me that means that you’ve made a decision.” “You haven’t told her yet?” Poe asked. General Organa laughed. “With everything that’s happened, I haven’t had a chance to.” She turned to look at Rey, grasping her hands in her own. “I think you’ll be relieved to hear that I won’t be marrying King Prana.” “Oh, thank the Maker!” Rey threw her arms around the General, then realizing what she had done, drew back in embarrassment. “So, you feel that strongly about it?” Poe joked. “General, I don’t mean any disrespect if you were seriously considering it. I know how much it would help the Resistance to gain the support of Rinou, but I just get a bad feeling about this place. And I don’t trust King Prana--I don’t care if he’s technically my father.” Poe grinned. “I guess this means that you’ll be coming home with us and won’t be taking up residence here at King Prana’s castle with the rest of his daughters then?” Rey made a face like she’d just tasted something bitter. “No! Of course not. I’d like to get out of here as soon as possible.” “As soon as possible, but then we’ll miss ‘the ball’ in two nights!” Poe joked, placing a falsetto emphasis on the words “the ball”. The General looked at Poe with an expression of mock seriousness on her face. “We can leave you here for that Poe. I wouldn’t want you to miss any chance to hook up with King Prana’s daughters.” “Hey! If you end up marrying one of his daughters, you would be my brother-in-law!” Rey chided. “There you go,” the General smiled. “Come to think of it, if I married King Prana, and Poe married one of your sisters, then we’d all be related in some way!” Poe shook his head emphatically. “I am NOT marrying anyone. Any hooking up that I do here will be of the casual, no-strings-attached variety.” “General,” Rey asked, changing the subject, “Have you told the King yet?” General Organa sighed. “I tried to tell him this morning, but he insisted on me taking the full three days before telling him my decision. He did ask me to be his special guest to his gala, and in the interest of diplomacy, I did accept that invitation.” “And then we can leave?” Rey couldn’t hide her eagerness. “And then we can leave, I swear,” General Organa promised. *** Kylo Ren couldn’t sleep. Lying on his bed in his quarters on the Finalizer, he tossed and turned, unable to shake his frustration of coming so close to reaching Rey, only to have her run off, yet again. The Supreme Leader likely knew of his most recent failure on Ahch-To, but Kylo had yet to be summoned to face his latest round of chastisement and punishment. Somewhat mindlessly in the darkness, he reached out to the Force, trying to re-center himself. He visualized thousands of Force threads, choosing occasional ones to passively follow at random. Without even trying, one particular thread became the object of Kylo’s focus. What was this? Usually this exercise provided nothing more than a sense of calm that would occasionally allow him to sleep on occasions when he battled insomnia. However, there was something oddly familiar about this thread. He knew that it wasn’t Skywalker’s Force signature; his uncle had been cloaking that for years. It wasn’t his mother’s signature, either; he was able to recognize (and avoid) that one instantly. The scavenger. This thread had to be Rey’s Force signature, which Skywalker apparently hadn’t yet taught her how to disguise. Curious as to her reaction, Kylo lightly tugged on the thread. A few seconds later, he felt a return tug. Kylo smiled to himself, well aware that Rey likely had no idea what she was doing. Amused, he began to pull the thread, largely just to see what would happen. He could feel Rey’s presence at this point and could tell that she was allowing herself to be pulled along with the thread. Clearly, she had no clue as to who was at the other end of the Force thread but then, abruptly, Rey dropped the thread, and Kylo felt it instantly go slack. Rolling over onto his back, Kylo wondered whether Rey had simply been interrupted or whether she had somehow figured out who was on the other end of the thread. He stared at the ceiling and closed his eyes, trying to will sleep to come to him. A buzzing noise roused Kylo minutes later. Although it was practically the middle of the night on the Finalizer , someone was clearly trying to get his attention. Annoyed at being summoned at this hour, he slid out of bed and walked over to the door. He pressed the comm button to speak. “Yes?” “Commander Ren, it’s Lieutenant Mitaka. May I speak with you? It’s about the ‘special assignment’ that you gave me.” Kylo sighed. “One moment.” He darted back to his bedroom, throwing on his outer robe and placing his mask on his head before opening the door. A very nervous-looking Lieutenant Mitaka stood at the entrance. “Sir, I have an update about my...special assignment.” Mitaka couldn’t stop fidgeting. “I apologize for the late hour, but you did request that if we made any progress to notify you immediately.” “What is it?” Kylo asked with a hint of annoyance in his voice. “The girl...I think you’ll be pleased to hear that we’ve located her.” “You have?” This was about the last piece of news that Kylo was expecting. “Where is she?” “As of the past day, she appears to be on the planet Rinou, staying at King Prana’s palace.” “Rinou?” Kylo frowned behind his mask. “We don’t have any intelligence officers there. How did you come across this information?” “Sir...it’s all on this. Just watch that, and it will explain everything.” Mitaka handed Kylo a data stick. “Thank you for being prompt with this,” Kylo nodded. “You’re welcome.” “And thank you for your continued discretion. Dismissed.” He waved away the Lieutenant. The door sliding shut behind him, Kylo retreated back into his quarters, turning the data stick over in his hand. Rinou...what could Rey possibly be doing on Rinou? Kylo had been dragged along on several diplomatic missions to Rinou in his youth with his parents. He smirked to himself, remembering the attention that he’d received from King Prana’s daughters--one daughter, in particular, on those trips. Those girls were about the only appealing thing at that palace for an adolescent male. When Kylo wasn’t happily basking in attention from the King’s daughters, he’d generally be attempting to shield his mother from the unwanted advances of King Prana. Not that his mother couldn’t handle herself in the presence of a lecherous man, but the way that the King looked and spoke to the then-Senator Organa made Kylo cringe. Kylo sat down at his desk and slid the data stick into one of the ports on his holopad. To his surprise, the holovid that began to play wasn’t a message recorded by a First Order spy or bounty hunter; it was a local news story that had been broadcast over Rinou holonet earlier that evening. He leaned back into his chair, watching as a perky female news presenter narrated the most recent developments taking place on Rinou. “On the lighter side of today’s news, we have some breaking news on our own royal family!” A stock photo of King Prana appeared in the broadcast. The presenter continued. “Earlier today, King Prana announced his intention to marry the former New Republic Senator, Princess Leia Organa.” An old stock photo of Kylo’s mother appeared in the holovid, superimposed next to the photo of King Prana. “No…” Kylo jerked forward, as if leaning in closer to the holovid would somehow affect the news being relayed. There was no way that his mother would willingly agree to this; her opinion of King Prana was possibly even lower than Kylo’s. “The recently widowed Princess Leia is currently visiting Rinou on a diplomatic mission. King Prana professed his affection for the Princess at a state dinner last night and asked for her hand in marriage.” What would the Resistance want with Rinou, anyway? Kylo shook his head in disbelief. How desperate must his mother be to engage in whatever negotiations she was having with King Prana? Knowing King Prana, he’d probably made the General some sort of offer of an alliance or something, only to hit her with his condition that she marry him to obtain Rinou’s support. Despite King Prana’s arrogance, Kylo knew that there was no way that General Organa would willingly marry him. The video cut to a statement read to the camera by King Prana. “Princess Leia and I have been friends for a long time, and I’ve had an affection for her for as long as I can remember. I expect to formally announce our official engagement in three days. But in the meantime, I am thrilled to be hosting her and the rest of her party as guests in our palace.” The holovid showed a video clip of the King and General Organa eating dinner. Kylo noted that his media-savvy mother did not appear to be aware that she was being filmed at that moment. The camera shifted slightly, capturing a pretty brunette, seated at the other side of the King. She appeared noticeably agitated and kept glancing up at the General and to her side. Rey. The General must have dragged her along on whatever diplomatic mission this was supposed to be, clearly oblivious to King Prana’s real intentions. The propaganda piece droned on for another minute or so, going on about how wonderful King Prana was and how he planned to welcome Princess Leia into Rinou’s kingdom. Kylo was about to shut off the holovid when the story grabbed his attention again. “And it doesn’t look like Princess Leia Organa will be the only new addition to the palace here on Rinou,” the news presenter chirped. “Another happy reunion took place when King Prana was reunited with his long-lost daughter, Rey, who had spent much of her life living on Jakku.” The video cut to a photo of a very uncomfortable-looking Rey sitting awkwardly on King Prana’s knee. “The relationship between Rey and the King was discovered during a routine orientation session for Princess Leia’s diplomacy team. Rey currently works as an assistant to the Princess, but all of that will soon be changing as she adjusts to her new life as a new member of the royal family!” “What the hell?” Kylo murmured aloud. What the kriff was going happening on Rinou? “And gentlemen, the lovely Lady Rey is currently unattached! If you’re lucky enough to have an invitation the upcoming state gala in a few days, King Prana will be auditioning potential marriage candidates for Rey and several other of his daughters that evening!” Kylo switched off the holopad in shock. He nearly heaved it into a wall. Rey was just going to be married off to Maker-knows-who? She’d likely be expected to live out the rest of her life as an incubator to the heirs of whatever old rich man gave Prana the most attractive offer. Kylo might not have spent much time with Rey in their previous encounter, but he knew that under no circumstances would Rey agree to a forced, political marriage. On top of that, Kylo needed Rey and her potential with the Force if he was ever going to accomplish his own goal of finishing what his grandfather started. He picked up his mask and placed it over his face. Even though it was the middle of the night, he knew what he needed to do. Kylo Ren exited his quarters and headed to the landing bay of the Finalizer ; he needed to get to Rinou as quickly as possible. Notes: I can't thank you all enough for all of your wonderful comments and kudos! Not only do they give me a chance to interact with you all a bit, they are huge motivators for me. Chapter 5 : Kylo is coming Notes: Last chapter, King Prana elaborated a little bit on Rey's history. Poe and Leia gave Rey some sympathy upon hearing the news that she was King Prana's long lost daughter, and word of Rey and Leia's predicament reached Kylo Ren, who immediately set out for the palace on Rinou. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Minutes after Poe and Leia left Rey’s quarters, a buzzing rang out over her room’s comm system. “Yes?” Rey answered. “Rey? I’m Regina. I’m your sister,” a woman’s voice answered through the comm. Another sister? The amusing thought struck Rey that she didn’t even know how many sisters she actually had, thanks to King Prana. Rey smiled to herself, scanned her handprint, and the door slid open. A tall, beautiful woman with dark blonde hair stood on the other side of the door. She was slender, but curves that Rey’s figure didn’t have, and her hair cascaded past her shoulders in loose waves. If Rey had to guess, she would have placed the woman’s age around 30 years old. Cautiously, Rey extended her hand. “Hi, I’m Rey.” Regina took Rey’s hand and gently pulled her forward, placing an air kiss on her cheek. “Nice to finally meet you, Rey. As I said, my name is Regina,” she smiled. “Nice to meet you, too.” Regina continued, beaming. “Father asked if one of us could take you to lunch and then take you to find a dress for the gala that he’s holding the day after tomorrow. I volunteered.” “Oh, um, thank you.” “Shall we?” Regina offered Rey the crook of her arm. “There is a really cute cafe that I really love that’s just past the marketplace.” Rey cautiously took Regina’s arm and replied. “That sounds great.” *** The “cute cafe” turned out to be much nicer than Rey had been expecting. Of course, that would be the case. Everything at the palace continued to make her feel more out of her element. Regina ordered some sort fruity tea beverages for them as Rey skimmed the cafe menu. She’d never heard of most of the foods listed, and of the ones that she had heard of, she’d never had a chance to try them before. Granted, probably anything on this menu was better than the instabread portions she’d had back on Jakku or the food served in the Resistance cantina. Looking up from the menu, Rey asked, “What do you like here?” “Oh, everything here is good.” That answer wasn’t helpful. Rey tried again. “What are you going to order?” “Today, I’m just going to have a leafy green side salad. I have to watch what I eat with the gala coming up tomorrow night.” Rey frowned. “Why do you have to watch what you eat because of a gala?” Regina laughed. “I have to look my best! I can’t be bloated or anything if I want to catch the eye of a prince.” “A prince?” Rey asked suspiciously. “I thought this was just some sort of a state party or something?” “Well, technically, it is. It will serve as a basis for Father to negotiate alliances with other governments. But, of course, I’m sure you know that Father’s favorite way to negotiate alliances is through arranging marriages for us.” Rey choked and nearly spat out her tea. “You’re kidding.” Rey swallowed and regained her composure. “That’s awful!” Regina shrugged. “It might seem awful to you, but political marriages have long been part of Rinou’s culture. Father has usually been able to find good matches for most of us.” Suddenly the “deal” that King Prana had proposed to General Organa made a lot more sense; he was used to the institution of marriage having political strings attached. Still, it seemed like the Resistance stood a lot more to gain from such a union than either King Prana or Rinou did; they’d certainly be inviting the attention from the First Order that they had so far successfully avoided. Surely, King Prana didn’t simply see “Princess Leia” as some sort of trophy, did he? Given all of the General’s life accomplishments, the thought of the General being seen as a prize disgusted Rey. Trying to keep any hint of judgment out of her tone, Rey responded, “That’s good that he’s able to find good matches for you.” She would be very, very glad to get back to her life with the Resistance and not have to worry about marriage--political or otherwise--until quite some time from now. Heck, Rey wasn’t even sure that she ever wanted to get married; relationships certainly weren’t anything that she thought much about when she’d spent the past 14 years on Jakku simply trying to survive. “Father found a good match for me last time,” Regina stated, sipping from her tea cup and watching Rey. “But you’re not married now, are you?” Rey was confused. “No. My husband was killed in a First Order attack on his home planet three years ago. That’s why I’m back here on Rinou.” “Oh, I’m sorry,” Rey looked down into her cup, not sure what else to say. “Is that why your father is looking to align with the Resistance?” “No. Our father could care less about the Resistance; he just wants to bone Princess Leia,” Regina giggled. Realizing what she’d just said, she added, “Pardon my crude language, if I offended you.” “No offense taken. Remember, I’m around pilots all day long. I’ve heard much, much worse.” Rey shook her head and and faked a smile. She couldn’t imagine the General agreeing to sleep with King Prana under any circumstances; King or not, the man had to be delusional. “Speaking of pilots, what’s the story on the pilot that you flew in with?” Regina leaned forward over the table. “Poe? I don’t know. He’s a good pilot?” “Is there anything, you know, going on between you two?” “Me and Poe?” Rey snorted. “No. He’s a coworker. And a friend. But that’s it.” “He’s cute. Is he single?” “Oh he’s definitely single, but I don’t think he’s looking to settle down at all.” A sly grin crossed Regina’s face. “Who said anything about settling down? While I’m still waiting for my next match, a girl can still have fun, can’t she?” “Sure?” Regina leaned back into her chair. “Well, I guess you can’t. According to Father, you’re still a virgin?” “What?!?” Rey felt her face grow hot with embarrassment. “How on earth would he know that? That’s no one’s business.” Regina shrugged. “Father has a discreet bio scanner integrated in the room where you gave your blood sample. Normally, it’s just used for security measures, but obviously, when he found out that you were one of us, he took more of an interest. The scanner showed that you were still...intact.” “Why the kriff would he be interested in my virginity?” Rey blurted out, then looked around the cafe to make sure that no one had noticed her outburst. “You’ll have a lot more options for matches that way. And Father will be able to negotiate a marriage contract much more in his favor.” Regina raised an eyebrow and gave Rey a wicked grin. “You do know that some men love virgins, don’t you? They love the fact that they’ll be the one to deflower you.” Rey stared at Regina in disbelief for a few seconds then stated, “I’m not here to have a marriage arranged for me.” “Sure, that’s what you say now.” Looking down at her half-eaten lunch, Rey realized that her appetite was completely gone. “You know, I’m not really hungry any more. Should we just go and get the dress taken care of?” “Oh, don’t get so upset. It’s really not that bad once you get used to the way things are. You’ll likely be treated very well.” Rey shook her head to herself; Regina really didn’t get it. There was absolutely no way that Rey was going to stick around here and allow herself to be married off to any man that King Prana picked out for her. She couldn’t wait for General Organa to get her rejection of the King out of the way, and then they could all get back to the Resistance as quickly as possible. As Rey sat there in silence, Regina finally said, “Okay, if you’re really finished with lunch, we can get out of here.” “Thank you.” “Cheer up. We’ll have a lot of fun picking out a dress for you to wear.” *** Rey did not have fun picking out a dress with Regina. Regina had escorted her to the studio of the royal dressmaker. After Rey got over her dismay that a “royal dressmaker” actually existed, Rey was poked and prodded and stuffed into a series of dresses that she was quickly then peeled out of. Throughout the whole ordeal, Regina and the dressmaker discussed Rey’s body, and the “flaws” they perceived it to have, as if Rey wasn’t even there. Rey had never felt particularly self-conscious of her body, but suddenly, her breasts were too small, and her waist wasn’t defined enough. According to some arbitrary standard, though, Rey had great legs and a nice bum, and whatever dress she chose should show those things off. This was beginning to feel more and more like an audition of some kind, and less and less like a party that was supposed to be fun. In the end, Rey wound up selecting a backless black gown with silver beadwork sewn. The dress’s beadwork extended up to its halter neckline and disappeared towards her waist in a slight ombre effect. The skirt of the dress was slim with a thigh-high slit. Looking at her reflection in the full-length mirror of the studio, Rey felt like she was looking at a stranger. Apparently, as part of the prep for tomorrow, she was also encouraged to take advantage of the palace’s professional hairdressers and makeup artists. Her desire to leave this place as quickly as possible quickly dwarfed any curiosity she might have about what it would be like to attend a royal ball. At the request of the dressmaker, Rey left the gown at the studio so that it could be altered for Rey’s figure. *** Emotionally exhausted, Rey laid down on her back on the giant bed in her quarters. A cool breeze blew in through her window, which she’d opened earlier to combat the overall stuffiness of her room that evening. She stared up at the ceiling, wondering if she would ever be able to fall asleep that night. She wore a silk slip that she’d found in the bureau of drawers as a nightdress; it seemed like the coolest option to wear on a night that was stiflingly warm. What an absurd whirlwind of a day; when she’d awoke that morning, her family was still a mystery to her. She still would have done nearly anything to find her family or to at least find out what happened to them. Of course, now that she’d found part of her family, she was faced with the fact that frankly, she didn’t like them very much. Her father was a lecherous man who from what she saw, treated women like objects. Of the sisters that she had met, they acted either cold or indifferent towards her; they were certainly nothing like the sisters that she’d read about in holobooks growing up. Rey tried not to think about the fact that she’d spent 14 years waiting on Jakku for these people to show up; the thought was just far too depressing. Rey closed her eyes. Her mental fatigue aside, sleep was clearly not going to come easily to her tonight. She couldn’t stop playing the day’s events over and over in her mind. In frustration, she rolled over to her side and tried to clear her mind. She laid there for a few more minutes and rolled over to her other side. Finally, Rey gave up and acknowledged to herself that she would likely be unable to find any peace of mind tonight until she tried to center herself mentally. Rey sat up and assumed her meditation pose. She closed her eyes and began to breathe in slow, measured breaths. Within minutes, she had slipped into the same scene of Force threads that she had experienced earlier in the day. Lazily, she carded her fingers through the threads again. Similarly to before, Rey felt one particular thread “call” to her. Luke had always told her to let the Force guide her actions, so even though this felt a bit odd to Rey, she decided to follow the Force, and again grabbed the thread. This time, instead of actively pulling Rey along, Rey felt the thread go taught; however, the thread itself remained stationary. Every once in awhile, Rey felt a slight “tugging” sensation, but not enough to actually move Rey within the Force. Rey wasn’t sure how long she stayed like that; she kept expecting something to happen. She wasn’t sure what she was expecting, but it seemed like there was something actively happening at the other end of that thread. Eventually, the thread went slack, almost as if whoever or whatever was at the other end had dropped it. Rey shrugged, a little disappointed that she still didn’t have an understanding of the mystery thread and laid down on her bed, pulled up a sheet over her body, and a few minutes later, drifted into a light sleep. *** Not long after she’d fallen asleep, a loud thump jolted Rey awake. Her eyes flew open, and almost before her terror had a chance to register, a black leather gloved hand clamped over her mouth before she had a chance to scream. A tall, black cloaked figure in a mask loomed over her. Rey’s eyes grew wide with fear. What was he doing here? She tried to scoot back, but in one smooth movement, Kylo Ren squatted down and grabbed her shoulder with his other hand, preventing her from moving. His face was now inches away from hers. “I’m not here to hurt you,” he intoned through the voice modulator of his mask. He sounded slightly annoyed, if Rey wasn’t mistaken. Rey tried to grab his arm that was restraining her and pull it away from her body. “Stop,” Kylo continued. “If I really wanted to hurt you, you’d be dead already. We need to talk. If I remove my hand, will you promise not to scream?” Rey nodded, not knowing what else to do. Slowly, Kylo pulled his hand back. “Okay?” he asked. Rey shifted into a sitting position. “If you’re not here to hurt me, then what are you doing here?” She eyed him warily. Kylo stood up and raised his hands to his mask. He pressed the release button, removing the mask, and dropping it to the floor. He shook his head, allowing his wavy black mane of hair to cascade around his face. With a vaguely smug smile, he stated, “I’m here to rescue you.” “What?!?” Rey exclaimed. “I’m here to rescue you,” he repeated. “Rescue me?” Rey frowned. “From what?” Kylo also frowned. “From here?” “Why? I’m not a prisoner.” “If you’re not a prisoner, then what’s that on your wrist?” Rey held up her wrist and looked at it. In all of the past day’s drama, she had forgotten that she was even wearing the GPS bracelet. “They said it was just a security precaution…” “Do you believe that?” “We’re supposed to leave here in three days.” “And you think that King Prana is going to just let you go? Just like that? Especially when my moth-- when General Organa rejects him?” Rey frowned. “I don’t know what to think. This place is bizarre.” She slid out of bed and stood up. Kylo took a step backwards. His eyes roamed over her body, making Rey suddenly painfully aware that she was only clothed in a silk slip. She looked up, crossed her arms over her chest, and glared at him. “How did you find us? It was you at the other end of that Force thread, wasn’t it?” Kylo quickly averted his gaze. “It was, but I only used that to pinpoint your exact location once I’d gotten to Rinou.” He took a step towards her, asserting his height over her. “How did you even know we were on Rinou? Did you use some super special dark side Force power?” “Sure, if you consider ‘the news’ to be a super special dark side Force power.” “The news?” “Yes,” Kylo took another step forward, crowding Rey so that the back of her legs hit the bed. “Your team’s little mission to Rinou has been all over the holonet.” “No!” Kylo continued, “Oh yes. Your father , King Prana, seemed quite eager to announce his intended engagement to my moth--to General Organa.” “Oh no.” Rey sat down on the bed, burying her face in her hands. “She’s not going to accept his proposal.” “I know that. I was dragged here enough times when I was younger to be well-acquainted with the General’s loathing of King Prana. No matter how hopeless the Resistance’s situation might be, even the General wouldn’t be desperate enough to marry him in exchange for whatever alliance he’s offering.” “How did you know that he was offering her an alliance?” Rey looked up at Kylo. “I told you. I’ve been here before. I know how King Prana operates.” He paused and continued in a softer tone, “Did you know that he was your father?” “Not until this morning,” Rey sighed. Kylo sat down on the bed next to her, his tone softening. “I’m sorry. I know what it’s like to be disappointed in your family.” She pulled away from him, a look of horror on her face. “I may have just learned that my father is a total creep, but I still wouldn’t kill him.” Kylo stood up, raising his voice. “I had no choice in that. I tried to avoid him, but when he called me name, he made it impossible to do so. You have NO right to judge me for happened on Starkiller!” Rey stood up. Spying his helmet on the ground, she gave it a swift kick and watched it roll under the bed. “ Your father is the only man who has ever acted the slightest bit like a father towards me! He didn’t deserve what you did to him!” “You’re right! He didn’t deserve it.” Kylo glared at her. He squatted down, trying to reach the helmet under the bed. “Then why did you do it?” “He backed me into a corner. If I hadn’t done it, we’d all be dead now. Including you.” “Right. Of course, it wasn’t your fault.” “I’m not getting into this with you right now.” Kylo stood up, clearly frustrated, and turned away from Rey. “And now you come barging in here, thinking that you’re a knight in shining armor or something. How did you even get in here anyway?” “You left your window open.” Rey sighed, “And you expect me to just trust you and leave with you? Right now?” “Yes. You have no reason not to trust me, regardless of your preconceived notions.” “So you’re basically giving me a choice of being a prisoner here or being a prisoner of the First Order? No thanks.” “I’m not taking you back to the First Order. I need your help with something, and before you ask, it specifically needs to be you. And no, it's not for the First Order. I need someone who is powerful with the Force and willing to work with me. But the bigger issue than you is that I need to get the General away from King Prana.” “Why should helping you be a more appealing option to me than staying here?” Kylo’s tone softened. “Rey, do you even know what the King was saying about you in those news stories?” “No. I haven’t seen any of the news stories.” “When he announced that he’d found you--his long-lost daughter, he immediately followed that up with a call for suitors. Rey, he’s looking to arrange a marriage for you.” Notes: Kylo has made it to the palace! Thank you again, everyone, for your amazing response to this story! It's so much easier to have your ideas flow when you know that people are reading and enjoying your fic! Chapter 6 : Impulse Summary: Rey and Kylo continue their conversation from earlier after Kylo broke into her quarters at King Prana's palace. Notes: In our last chapter, Rey had a rather uncomfortable lunch with her new sister, Regina. As she was drifting off to sleep that night, Kylo Ren broke into her quarters, claiming that he was there to rescue both Rey and his mother from marriages forced on them by King Prana. But escaping won't be that easy, will it? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “You’re lying!” Rey exclaimed. “I know that you don’t trust me, but think back...have I ever deliberately deceived you?” Kylo took a step towards her, in what he hoped would be a comforting gesture. Suddenly, Kylo felt a searing pain as Rey tried to invade his thoughts. He held his head in anguish and snapped at her, “Why did you do that?! That certainly wasn’t a very ‘Jedi’ move of you.” Rey sat down on the edge of the bed and stared at the floor in a daze. “You are telling the truth.” Trembling slightly, she added, “I told the King that I had no interest in joining the family here. I had absolutely no interest in him trying to arrange suitors, let alone a marriage, for me. He knows that I’m heading back to the Resistance as soon as we were finished here.” Tentatively, Kylo sat down next to her. “Look I know that this is difficult to hear, but if you don’t get out of here soon, he’s going to auction you off like a piece of livestock.” Without meaning to, Kylo’s eyes wandered to the deep v-neckline of the chemise that Rey wore, giving him a glimpse of her cleavage. He immediately looked away before Rey noticed. “He can’t do that!” Rey looked up at him. “He shouldn’t be able to, but I’m familiar enough with how King Prana runs things to not be surprised by any of this.” He cautiously placed a hand on her arm. “Heck, he even tried to arrange a marriage between one of his daughters and me , back when I was 16.” “You’re kidding.” “I’m not.” Rey studied his face, which he could feel was growing hot under her gaze. She spoke slowly. “ If your mother and I went with you, where would we be going?” “I would drop her off at a neutral location.” “Her? What about me?” A trace of panic returned to Rey’s voice. “I just told you--I need your help with something, and besides, you still need a teacher.” “I have a teacher.” “I know Luke’s methods and philosophy. You’re nearly as poor a fit to be his student as you would be here on Rinou, waiting to be married off to the highest bidder.” Kylo tried to keep his voice as calm as possible. Why was she being so stubborn about this? “I don’t want to be like you. I’m not joining the dark side.” Kylo snorted. “I assume that Luke’s teachings still have you avoid the dark side at all cost? I hate to break it to you, but you already have darkness in you. It’s how you gave me this,” he pointed to the scar that diagonally bisected his face. Rey winced at being reminded of her handiwork from their last interaction. Kylo continued, “Instead of denying the darkness within you, I can help you learn how to control it. If you’re in control of it, you’ll be less likely to fully fall to it. In any case, once you’ve helped me, you would be free to choose your own path.” She looked up at him, holding his gaze for several moments before speaking. “I’ll think about it, but I have one condition before I agree to go with you.” “What’s that?” “We have to rescue Poe, too.” “Who’s Poe?” “My co-pilot. He’s here with us.” “He’s that asshole pilot that we captured, isn’t he?” Kylo asked in annoyance. “The best pilot in the Resistance?” he added in a mocking tone. “He is the best pilot in the Resistance. And he’s not an asshole.” “I”m not rescuing him. He’s a tool.” Rey rolled her eyes. “You’re wrong about that. But even if you don’t like him, we still need to rescue him.” “No, we don’t,” Kylo sighed with exasperation. “Yes, we do. We need him to co-pilot the Falcon with me.” “ I can co-pilot the Falcon with you.” “ You can fly the Millennium Falcon?” Rey stared at him, incredulous. “Is it really so difficult to believe? I basically learned how to fly with the Falcon.” Rey snorted. “I just have a hard time picturing you flying anything .” “I am a very good pilot,” he leaned into Rey for emphasis. “We take Poe with us, or I’m not leaving with you,” Rey stated, crossing her arms. “Fine. He can come with.” “Fine.” Kylo clenched his hands into fists. He tried to calm himself before speaking again. “Do you know where they’re keeping General Organa?” Rey nodded. “Her quarters are just down at the end of this hallway. But I don’t know how we’re going to get in; the rooms here are all locked from the outside with hand scanners.” She turned to him and frowned. “Speaking of which, how did you get in here, anyway?” “I used the Force,” Kylo smirked, then continued. “I scaled the wall and climbed in through your open window.” “Oh.” She frowned. “So we’d have to scale the outer wall to get around to her room?” “That, or I can just have you knock on her door.” Rey blushed, embarrassed at the obviousness. “Or I could do that.” Kylo stood up. “So, are you ready to do this?” He offered her his hand. Rey hesitated, then took his hand and nodded. “Let’s go.” Leading him, Rey took a few steps towards the door before being abruptly stopped by Kylo. He cleared his throat and looked at his feet. “Um, Rey, did you want to change before we go? Not that it’s a bad look, but…” “Oh!” Rey snatched her hand back, then mumbled a barely audible thanks. Without making eye contact with him again, she rummaged through the chest of drawers, pulled out a few items of clothing and disappeared into the ‘fresher. She emerged a few minutes later wearing a slim-fitting pair of gray pants and a blue tunic. “These aren’t exactly my style, but they’re what was available,” she muttered as an excuse as she grabbed a pair of boots and put them on. Without looking at Kylo again, she walked over to the hand scanner that activated the door to her quarters. She placed her hand on the scanner, heard the beep, but the door failed to unlock and open. “That’s odd, she frowned. She tried the scanner again. Again, the scanner beeped, but the door remained closed. “Are you sure that you’re able to get out of here?” Kylo asked. “Of course, I’m sure. I’ve left this room plenty of time over the past few days.” Kylo ran his hand through his hair. “Have you tried leaving in the middle of the night?” “No,” Rey glared at him. “I didn’t have any reason to.” Suddenly, the scanner beeped, and the pneumatic lock hissed, indicating that the door was about to open. “See?” Rey turned around. “It was just slow or something.” The door slid open, but before Rey could step through it, she was forced back into her quarters by the four men who entered--King Prana with three of his royal guards. A sinister smile spread across King Prana’s face as he assessed the situation. “Well, well,” he chucked. “What do we have here?” *** Kylo stiffened immediately. This is NOT how he thought this day was going to go. With his guards flanking him, King Prana stepped into the room to stand immediately in front of the young man and woman who were now seated side-by-side on the bed. Wordlessly, he assessed the couple, nodding slightly before he spoke. “Ben Solo, it has been a long time.” “Yes, it has,” Kylo replied flatly. “Would you care to tell me why you broke into my palace? Are you here for your mother’s upcoming nuptials?” The King asked. “That’s half of it,” Kylo muttered with obvious sarcasm. Rey grabbed Kylo’s arm. The gesture surprised Kylo; did she see him as potential protection from the King? The King rubbed his chin, his gaze flitting from Kylo to Rey and then back to Kylo. “Let me guess, you’re here to stop me from marrying your mother…” He laughed before continuing, “...and to stop any marriage that I might set up for your girlfriend here.” “She’s not my girlfr--” Kylo started before being cut off by Rey, who grabbed both of his hands in her own. She looked into Kylo’s eyes with absolute sincerity and appeared to choose her words carefully. “It’s okay. I think we have to tell him, given the circumstances.” Kylo nodded, not sure where she was going with this, but he was willing to play along. Rey looked up at King Prana and stated earnestly, “I can’t tell you how much I appreciate everything that you’ve done for me here, but I can’t marry anyone else. My heart belongs to Ben.” An act or not, Kylo couldn’t hide the grin that spread across his face. He held Rey’s hands, rubbing his thumbs over her knuckles as he continued the ruse, “You can’t split us up. The way I feel about Rey…. I’ve never felt this way about anyone before.” King Prana laughed, stamping his foot once on the floor. “I knew it! I knew there was something going on between you two. There was something about the way that she was asking about you when you were younger, and I just knew,” he raised an eyebrow at Kylo. The guard to the King’s left snorted, “Well, there can’t be too much going on between them if she’s still a virgin.” “What we do in the bedroom is our own business,” Kylo snapped. “I’d be snarky, too, if my hot girlfriend still hadn’t let me bone her yet,” the guard retorted. Rey glared at the guard then did something that completely shocked Kylo. She grabbed him by the back of the head, smashing his lips into hers. It took him a second to realize what was happening--the realization dawning on him as Rey tried to jam her tongue into his mouth. Catching on, he parted his lips, permitting her tongue entrance. Kylo responded by placing his hands on her waist, squeezing lightly. Gripping his hair harder, she tried to deepen the kiss but only succeeded in scraping her front teeth against his. Clearly, it wasn’t the most graceful kiss, but unless Kylo was mistaken, there was a certain element of passion to it. The kiss felt surprisingly...unfake. Forgetting himself for a moment, he allowed his hand to wander over her back, lightly pulling her even closer to him. As much as she acted like she despised him, she certainly couldn’t hate him and kiss him like this, could she? Rey was the one to finally break the kiss. Kylo saw a look of shock on her face that he strongly suspected was mirrored on his own face. Without thinking, he placed his hands on either side of her face and quietly murmured, “It’s going to be okay. I promise, everything is going to be okay.” Rey simply nodded in response, still quite clearly stunned, either by her own actions or by the feelings those actions had invoked. King Prana chuckled. He reached around Kylo and slapped him hard on the back. “You’re a lucky man, Ben. Rey and I are just getting to know each other, but I can already tell that you’ve got quite a firecracker on your hands here.” Kylo spoke with measured words. “Rey is her own person. And I wouldn’t have it any other way.” With a smile on his face, the King shook his head and asked, “Rey, when we talked about him earlier, why didn’t you tell me that you and Ben were seeing each other?” “Um, well--” Seeing an opportunity, Kylo jumped in cut off whatever Rey had planned to say. “No one else knows yet. Rey is my student, so we’ve been keeping our relationship a secret.” “Oh!” The King exclaimed. “Well, I guess I could see how those Jedi types might find a romantic relationship between a teacher and a student to be...inappropriate.” “Yes, exactly!” Rey chimed in, with perhaps a little too much enthusiasm. King Prana looked around and nodded at his guards. Two guards lunged forward, each one grabbing grabbing Kylo and Rey by the hand then quickly snapping some sort of metal cuff onto their wrists. “It’s a bit of a shame then, that I won’t be able to allow either of you to use your Force powers while you’re here.” Kylo looked down at his wrist then glared up at the King. The King continued, “As I’m sure you can guess, those are Force-suppressing cuffs. They will be removed when you eventually leave the palace.” “So, we are prisoners here,” Rey muttered bitterly. “No, not prisoners. You are both my guests,” the King smiled again. “I just can’t have any further disruptions as we continue to make preparations for my upcoming wedding.” He then addressed Rey, “Given the newfound...complications...to your situation, we’ll figure out what to do for your own betrothal in the coming days.” He glanced at Kylo, “We might have some room for negotiation there.” The King motioned to his guards, who grabbed Kylo and pulled him up from the bed. “Ben, we need to take you to be processed as our guest here. I’m sure that you understand?” “I understand,” Kylo replied flatly. “You’ll be able to see each other again soon,” the King promised. As he was led out the door by the King and his guards, Kylo looked back over his shoulder to see Rey’s shell-shocked face as she sat at the edge of the bed. *** Rey tossed and turned in her bed. In theory, she was trying to sleep. In reality, she was trying to mentally process what had just happened. She hadn’t even come to terms yet with the fact that she was apparently the long-lost daughter of a king, only to have her enemy break into her quarters to rescue her from an impending arranged marriage? None of it made any sense. Perhaps the thing that made the least amount of sense was the feeling that had surged through her when she had kissed Kylo. She didn’t exactly have a whole lot of experience with kissing, but was she had never had that fluttering feeling in her stomach before when she had kissed anyone else. Kylo was still her enemy, technically, wasn’t he? Maybe the feeling was just the result of the adrenaline, given what had been going on in the moment. Not that it really mattered because she certainly wouldn’t be kissing Kylo again any time soon. After drifting in and out of a light sleep for what seemed like several hours, Rey was jolted awake by the sound of the door beeping and sliding open. A tall figure shuffled into the room, setting some sort of bundle down on the bureau of drawers. “Kylo? What are you doing back here?” “Since you’re my girlfriend , King Prana generously granted us the privilege of sharing quarters. I hope you don’t mind having a roommate for the duration of our stay here,” Kylo replied. Without another word, Kylo picked something off of the bundle he had set on the dresser and disappeared into the ‘fresher, closing the door. A few minutes later, he re-emerged and dropped a pile of something from his arms to the floor. Through the dim light of the room, Rey watched as he walked over to the opposite side of the bed from where she lay, pulled back the covers, and flopped down onto the mattress, shaking the bed slightly in the process. “What are you doing?” Rey blurted out. Facing away from her, he mumbled, “Trying to get at least a little bit of sleep?” “You can’t sleep in this bed.” “Yes, I can.” “I’m not comfortable with that.” Rey turned over and addressed the back of his head. “I don’t care if you’re comfortable with it. If you want to move to the floor, be my guest. But after what I just went through for you , I’m not moving from this bed.” “Well, I’m not moving,” Rey stated. “Fine, then don’t.” He rolled over, facing her. “Look, it’s a big bed. You stay on your side, and I’ll stay on my side. We’re supposed to meet with the General tomorrow for brunch, and I’d really like to try to get a little bit of sleep before having to deal with her again. You and I also have a lot to talk about tomorrow. Okay?” “Fine.” She rolled away from him, positioning herself as close to the edge of the bed as she could without falling off. “Fine.” Rey felt him roll back over and stared out into the darkness. She was so confused. Everything about him was so confusing. She had been terrified and then enraged by him the first time that they had met. Then he had somehow stalked her to Ahch-To for reasons that weren’t yet clear to her. And yet, he’d shown up here--broken into this palace--to help not only her but his mother. His mother, who it sounds like he’d possibly had to deal with when he’d been escorted from her room a few hours ago? She fixated on his use of the word “again” a moment ago. What had happened when they’d led him out of here? He’d seemed practically manic when he’d first gotten here; now, he seemed embittered and annoyed. Rey tried to shrug off her concerns. Clearly, whether they wanted to or not, they’d be spending a lot of time together until they figured out a way to get out of here. She turned her head to get one last glance at the mop of black hair on the pillow opposite hers before turning her head back the other way and closing her eyes so that she could finally get some sleep. Notes: Thank you again, wonderful readers, for all of your encouragement with this fic! Your kudos and comments are huge motivators! Chapter 7 : "Choices" Summary: Kylo/Ben and Leia finally meet again face to face. Unfortunately, the meeting takes place in King Prana's office. Notes: Last chapter...after breaking into Rey's quarters in hopes of breaking her and Leia out of King Prana's palace, Rey and Kylo argued over their previous encounter. Unfortunately, their bickering wasted so much time that King Prana was alerted, and Kylo was captured. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Several hours earlier… With a blaster pointed at his back, Kylo allowed himself to be led through a maze of palace hallways to the small room where Rey and her team had previously been “processed” upon their arrival. One of the royal guards slapped a GPS cuff on his wrist, just above the Force-suppressing cuff. Once Kylo had been secured, the King disappeared and assured Kylo that they would be talking again very soon. “Thanks for helping me accessorize,” Kylo muttered to no one in particular as he examined the quickly growing collection of cuffs on his wrist. A grumpy Togruta woman, clearly unhappy about being dragged out of bed in the middle of the night for this, jabbed Kylo’s hand into some sort of medical device, which drew a blood sample. His blood taken, Kylo was again ushered down a series of hallways with a blaster at his back. Eventually, he was shoved through an open door into a small room with a large desk and several chairs. King Prana sat at one of the chairs, facing Kylo. “Please, Ben, take a seat,” the King gestured. “No thanks, I think I’ll stand.” “Suit yourself,” the King shrugged. “You can’t keep us here,” Kylo stated. “Keep telling yourself that. You’ll stay here as long as I wish.” The King looked up and held Kylo’s gaze. “How does that Force suppression cuff feel? Comfortable?” Kylo placed his hands at the edge of the King’s desk and leaned over, trying to look as menacing as he could. “You will release us immediately, or else I will make sure that you face very unpleasant consequences.” The King tilted his head to the side and spoke calmly. “And how would that work? We searched the woods outside of the palace walls. We found your transport shuttle, and we know that you came here alone. I don’t know what you thought you were going to accomplish showing up here without any sort of backup; it didn’t seem like you really planned things out.” He leaned forward, bringing his face inches from Kylo’s. “Not that I’m complaining. Having you here gives me an extra bargaining chip with your mother.” Kylo pulled his arm back, making a fist. “Are you sure that you want to strike the King? Your future step-father?” King Prana sneered. A commlink sitting on the King’s desk buzzed. “She’s here,” the voice on the other end announced. The King pressed a button on the comm. “Good. Let her in.” The heavy wooden office door opened, prompting Kylo to turn around. A petite brunette woman stepped into the office. With graying hair that was pinned up in braids to the top of her head, she was dressed in simple gray linen pants and a cream-colored linen tunic. Mother and son stared at each other for a few moments, each trying to determine the nature of their current situation. Finally, Kylo spoke, hoping to establish the tone of their interaction. “Mother, I came as soon as I heard the news of your impending betrothal.” He took a step forward and nodded his head, trying to nonverbally communicate that even after what had happened with his father, his current intentions were benign. General Organa regarded her son warily. Cautiously, she stepped forward with extended arms. Awkwardly, Kylo stood still and accepted her embrace. “Ben, it’s good to see you again,” she said softly. Tentatively, Kylo placed his arms around his mother, pulling the diminutive woman into his chest. He lowered his head to whisper into her ear, “I never wanted any of this to happen.” “We’ll have this conversation later,” General Organa murmured, pulling back slightly to look up at her son. Kylo bent down and whispered again, “I’m going to get us all out of this. Just play along.” “Isn’t this touching?” the King chuckled, breaking the General and her son out of the moment. “Leia, I only called you in here because I thought that you would want to know that your little punk of a son broke in here to disrupt our plans.” “ Our plans?” The General stepped back, breaking the embrace with her son and clearly annoyed. “Regardless of whatever impression you had, I never said that I was going to marry you.” King Prana smiled. “You say that now, but I can be very persuasive.” Kylo’s mood quickly changed from calm to restrained rage. He wheeled around to face the King, who was now standing behind his desk. “How DARE you threaten my mother! If you lay a single finger on her without her consent, I’ll--” “Oh, she’ll consent. Besides, Ben, I don’t think you want to anger me too much while your girlfriend is here under my roof.” “Girlfriend?!?” General Organa exclaimed. Maintaining eye contact with his mother and hoping that she’d get the hint, Kylo slowly began to explain. “Rey hasn’t told you yet?” The General watched him carefully, waiting a moment before replying. “No...she hasn’t.” “When Rey came to train with Luke and I, Luke thought it would be a good idea for me to take her on as my padawan. We quickly realized that there was a mutual...attraction between us,” Kylo continued. General Organa nodded, not completely hiding the look of suspicion on her face. “Okay...” “We tried to resist our feelings, but we weren’t able to. Obviously, we haven’t told anyone because we knew that Master Luke would be disappointed in us. However, when I saw the news story about what was going on here--that King Prana was apparently Rey’s father and that he’s trying to marry her off without her consent, I had to come here and try to help Rey.” “You came here for Rey?” The General couldn’t hide her skepticism. “And you,” Kylo said quietly. Feeling very uncomfortable, he stared at the floor. “I know what goes on here,” he looked up and met his mother’s gaze again. “Regardless of what has happened in the past, I couldn’t let him do that to you.” The King walked around to the front of his desk, leaning back against it with his hands on the edge. He drummed his fingers on the desktop. “This certainly creates some options for all of you.” Both Kylo’s and General Organa’s attention was now fixed on the King. “Options?” The General exclaimed. “No one is choosing any of your options. I’m not marrying you, and you’re not forcing Rey into some arranged marriage, either. She’s coming home with us.” “And how do you think you’re going to do that? None of you are leaving here until I allow it.” He walked over to the General and lightly placed his hand on her arm. “Leia, it’s no secret that I’ve been in love with you for many years. I was patient. I waited.” The King stepped directly in front of the General, wedging himself between her and her son, who stepped to the side. “I kept thinking that you would come to your senses and finally leave that smuggler.” Kylo watched as the King stroked her cheek with the back of his fingers. He felt his anger rising. Without realizing it, his hands balled into fists. The King continued. “Did you even know that I sent your husband on a job to collect rathtars for my zoo? I was hoping to take care of the problem that way,” he leaned in closer, his mouth inches from her ear. “Shockingly, he was able to successfully procure the rathtars, but my temporary disappointment was quickly alleviated when I heard that the First Order did the only good thing they’ve ever done by finishing him off.” Kylo snapped. He pulled his arm back. He would have landed a right hook to the King’s jaw, if General Organa’s arm hadn’t shot out and stopped Kylo’s punch. All of the pain that Kylo’s act of murder had cost him--the murder that Snoke had knowingly asked him to commit under the guise of passing a test of loyalty--had ended up causing Kylo nothing but unfathomable mental anguish. And the King simply laughed it off like it was nothing. Of course, the King didn’t know the whole story; to most of the universe, Ben Solo was still Ben Solo and had no connection to Kylo Ren of the First Order. “Ben…” the General stated firmly, shaking her head. “I know that you’re upset, but this isn’t the time or place for this.” King Prana laughed. “I’ll let that go, this time. I can understand your anger, given that you believe that I intend to not only become your step-father, but also marry your girlfriend off to another man.” He leaned against the desk and paused for a moment. “I will tell you this; I am an ambitious man, but I am not a cruel man. I’ve made no secret of the fact that I would like to create a union between my own family and the Skywalker family. I will give you a choice, which I will allow the two of you to discuss.” “Great, a choice,” Kylo rolled his eyes. Clearing his throat, King Prana continued, his eyes on the General. “Princess Leia, I have been in love with you since the day I met you. I would love nothing more than for you to become my wife. However, I also realize that with this opportunity not presenting itself until now, you would not be able to bear any of my children.” The King turned his head to face Kylo. “Ben, you know that one of my daughters has always been very fond of you. Perhaps you would consider inseminating her in exchange for your mother’s freedom?” “You’re disgusting,” Kylo glared at him. “I thought you might say something along that line,” the King smiled. “Let me ask you this, how serious are you about Rey?” Kylo knew where the King was going with this, he could feel his blood pressure rising. He chose his words carefully, “Rey is the most special woman that I have ever met.” “Perhaps you would consider marrying Rey, since she is also one of my daughters? I must imagine that your relationship is still in its infancy, given that you haven’t even consummated it yet. But if you truly care for her, I assume that you would rather marry her yourself rather than giving her up for one of my...political arrangements?” Kylo looked over at his mother, who gave him a stern look in response. “I don’t know how to answer that,” he stated, with anger clear in his voice. “My proposal to you, Ben, is that if you would like to marry Rey, you can do so, here in my palace, and upon your wedding, I will immediately release your mother. I am confident that you would produce an heir for me with Skywalker blood.” Kylo shook his head and laughed bitterly. “Really? So you’re just looking to use Rey as breeding stock? I shouldn’t be surprised, but…” his voice trailed off. “Don’t think of it that way.” The King placed his hand on Kylo’s upper arm. “Take a few days to think things over. Discuss it with your mother.” He smiled at General Organa. “Consider this an opportunity to get your son to finally settle down and pave the way for grandbabies.” General Organa rolled her eyes. “You’re even more of a pig than I thought. So, now, will we be staying in the prison block until we choose the least objectionable option?” “Prison block?” The King raised his eyebrows and slyly grinned. “Of course, not. You’re my guests here. You’ll be escorted back to your rooms. And please, continue to make yourselves at home here.” He waved his arms in an attempted welcoming gesture. “That’s so kind of you,” Kylo muttered sarcastically. “Now Ben, as a token of my generosity, I will permit you and your girlfriend to stay together in the same quarters.” Instantaneously, a small grin appeared on Kylo's face, which he failed to completely hide. If he was going to be stuck here until they escaped, he could think of far worse things than being stuck in close quarters with Rey. And she had kissed him. She had kissed him . Maybe she didn’t think of him as being quite so much of a monster after all? Regardless as to whether it was part of a ruse, or whether she was just grateful that someone had come to help her out, she couldn’t be too repulsed by him, given her actions earlier that night. On the other hand, General Organa couldn’t hide her shock at King Prana’s offer. “That’s really not necessary. My son can stay in his own room or with me,” she threw a hard look at Kylo. “Nonsense,” the King grinned. “They’re both adults. And I am hoping that by promoting intimacy, it might make their decision easier. In any case, I want you all to enjoy your time here. Feel free to mingle. Have brunch together tomorrow and discuss things as a family. I am confident enough in our security measures that you won’t cause any further trouble here.” King Prana picked up the commlink from the desk and spoke to his guards, “Please escort the Princess and her son to their rooms for the night.” *** Rey awoke that morning to bright sunlight streaming into her room. Had the events of last night even really happened? She lifted her wrist; sure enough, a Force suppressing cuff was now attached just above the GPS tracking cuff. She rolled over to her other side, facing the middle of the bed. Kylo Ren still appeared to be soundly asleep; he was currently laying on his stomach with his face turned towards Rey. Kylo Ren, of all people, had broken into her room last night, claiming that he was there to break both her and General Organa out from King Prana’s palace. She shook her head at the absurdity of the situation; Rey had spent the better part of her life waiting for her family to come back to her on Jakku, and who should actually be the person to show up to rescue her? The same man who had kidnapped her, invaded her thoughts, murdered her mentor and his own father, and injured her friend Finn. Rey studied Kylo as he slept. He looked surprisingly peaceful. His hair had grown longer since their last encounter and was now framing his sleeping face. The bed covers had been shoved down around his waist, leaving his shirtless back exposed to Rey’s gaze. She didn’t want to stare, but he appeared to be sound asleep and would be none the wiser, so she leaned over slightly to get a better look. His back was unbelievably broad and toned with a few scars littered here and there. Rey wasn’t sure what she was expecting his back to look like, but she found it oddly fascinating. “Enjoying the view?” Kylo mumbled sleepily. Startled, Rey whipped her face back, then slowly looked back at him. “You’re awake,” she stated, trying to hide her embarrassment. His eyes were now open and he was now staring up at her from where his head rested on the pillow. “I am awake. What time is it?” Kylo rolled over and sat up. Rey couldn’t help noticing Kylo’s bare torso again as he sat up in bed, the sheet still pooled aroundhis waist. He was unbelievably broad shouldered and much like his back, his chest appeared to be perfectly toned. She’d hoped that she was able to avert her gaze before being noticed and looked around the room for a clock, and not finding one, grabbed her holopad off of the night table and checked the time. “It’s almost 1000 hours.” “Kriff,” Kylo ran his hand through his hair. “We’re supposed to meet the General for brunch in a half hour.” “Brunch? So, we’ve just been put under heavier security, and they’re going to let us meet up for brunch?” “I guess so,” he shrugged. “When I got pulled in to meet with King Prana and the General last night--after I was dragged from here--the King made it clear that he didn’t want us to feel like we weren’t his ‘guests’ while we were here.” Kylo emphasized the word “guests” with a mocking tone. “You know,” Rey smirked, “when you kidnapped me, you also told me that I was your ‘guest’.” Kylo glared at her, “You’re never going to let me live that down, are you?” “What--kidnapping me or trying to sugarcoat the fact that I was your prisoner?” “Get over it,” he shook his head and slid out of bed, drawing Rey’s attention once again to his muscular chest. He wore a pair of loose-fitting sleep pants that hung from his hips. He walked over to Rey’s side of the bed and leaned over, and spat out, “I came here to help you, putting myself at great risk. Clearly, that was a mistake.” “I never asked for your help!” “No, apparently, you were just going to stick around here under your father’s false hospitality until he married you off to some stranger for his benefit.” “I--,” Rey started, then caught herself. He was right about that, apparently. “Thank you,” she said softly. “You’re welcome,” Kylo turned and walked towards the ‘fresher. “There’s only time for one of us to take a shower, and I probably need one more than you do,” “That’s generous of you.” He turned and smirked at her, “You’re welcome to join me, if you’d prefer.” For a split second, Rey pictured Kylo naked, under a stream of hot running water. The she caught herself in her thoughts, her face instantly becoming hot. She hoped that she wasn’t obviously blushing. “No thank you,” she said to the wall, avoiding eye contact with him. Kylo was about to disappear into the ‘fresher when Rey found her nerve to speak again. “Hey, what happened last night after they took you away? Is there anything that I should know?” “Yeah, be prepared to continue with the boyfriend-girlfriend act a while longer. King Prana said that since we’re together, he’d hold off on marrying you off to anyone right away. I’m also going to be your escort for that gala tomorrow night.” Kylo then shut himself inside the ‘fresher before Rey had a chance to respond. Notes: King Prana really is a creep, isn't he? And how long will Kylo and Rey be able to keep up the charade of their fake relationship? Will Kylo and his mother ever get the chance to start repairing their relationship? We'll start to find out those things in next week's update... Thank you, wonderful readers, for your enthusiastic reception to this fic! Chapter 8 Summary: The gang regroups and begins to formulate an escape plan. Kylo and Rey discuss how to make their fake relationship more believable. Notes: Previously... Kylo broke into Rey's quarters in the palace in an attempt to rescue Rey and Leia. Kylo was captured by King Prana and when questioned, continued to perpetuate the fake relationship between Kylo and Rey. Upon waking up the next morning, Rey and Kylo exchanged snarky comments, and Rey got caught checking Kylo out. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Brunch was about as awkward as Kylo had expected it to be. The palace had a separate kitchen for guests with an outdoor dining area, which is where General Organa had suggested that the group meet that morning. He noted that the table had already been set with a basket of rolls and pitchers of juice and caf. Kylo took a seat next to Rey on one side of the table, opposite of the General and Poe. Without even bothering to make eye contact with Poe, Kylo glared at his mother. “What’s he doing here?” Poe looked up, confused. “Have we met before?” “He doesn’t know?” Kylo asked. “Doesn’t know what?” Poe glanced around the table. With a slight look of panic on her face, Rey grabbed Kylo’s arm. “You didn’t know that Ben and I are dating.” Poe snorted. “You’re not dating anyone. I’d know if you were.” “For our purposes here, they’re dating,” the General stated sternly, then added, “I was not aware of this, but apparently, King Prana began advertising for suitors for Rey as soon as he announced that he’d found his long-lost daughter. We would, obviously, like to put a stop to that, and the King has agreed to respect the...relationship...between Ben and Rey, at least for now.” “So, you two are doing the fake dating thing? Got it.” Poe grabbed a roll out of the basket and took a large bite. Kylo and Rey exchanged glances. “Yes,” they answered in unison. “Works for me,” Poe shrugged, taking another bite of his roll. “Not that it’s any of my business.” A palace servant approached the table, carrying baskets with array of fruits and pastries. Before anyone else had a chance to do so, Rey snatched two beignets out of the pastry basket. Kylo smirked. “I didn’t know that they had beignets back on Jakku.” “They didn’t,” Rey replied, taking a bite. “We don’t have them on base, either, which is why I am going to eat as many of them as I possibly can while we’re here.” “Speaking of which, we need to start coming up with a plan as to how we might be able to get out of here,” the General picked a piece of fruit out of a basket and casually added, “Unless, of course, you two want to get married.” “Right,” Rey grabbed a pitcher of caf and poured a cup for herself. “I’ve been thinking about that.” She added a generous amount of cream and sugar to the cup. “Have some caf with your sugar and cream?” Kylo remarked with a raised eyebrow before pouring himself a cup of caf. “I like it this way,” Rey stated pointedly. “How do you two know each other again?” Poe asked. “It’s a long story,” Rey sighed, shaking her head and then changing the subject. “Anyway, since none of us here can use the Force, which would have been our easiest option, I was thinking that maybe I could hack into the palace security system and disable the GPS bracelets that way.” Poe frowned. “With us under such tight security, how do you expect to do that?” Rey leaned forward, lowered her voice, and grinned. “They never confiscated my holopad. If I properly encrypt my connection, I should be able to at least look around their security system so that we can figure out what we’re up against.” “When can you get started?” The General asked. “As soon as I get back to my room, if I can find a compatible port to connect to.” General Organa clasped her hands on top of the table. “Okay, let’s plan on that, then.” Kylo leaned back. “So that’s it? We’re just going to sit around and wait for the little Jedi here to hack into the system and save us?” “At least I’m doing something.” Rey snapped. “I tried to do something. If it wasn’t for me, King Prana would be marrying you off to the highest bidder.” “Enough!” General Organa slammed her hand down on the table. She turned to her son. “Ben, there is something that you can do to help while Rey investigates the system.” “And what’s that?” The General lowered her voice again. “Just because you two can’t use the Force doesn’t mean that I can’t.” She held up her wrist to emphasize that unlike Rey and Kylo, she hadn’t been forced to wear a Force suppression cuff. “But you never trained in the Force,” Kylo frowned. “Not really, outside of a few things that Luke taught me, but I’m a fast learner.” She leaned forward. “Teach me what I need to know to get those cuffs off of you and Rey. Then the two of you can do what you need to do to get all of us out of here.” Kylo snorted. “I don’t know what could possibly go wrong with that plan.” “Do you have a better one?” “No.” “Well, until you do, I suggest that we give it a try. Are we done eating yet?” The group nodded. The General rose from the table. “Rey, go ahead and see what you can find out. Ben, come with me. We’ll find a place quiet to to get started.” Poe stood up. “Is there anything that I can do?” “Just be your usual social and friendly self.” General Organa smiled. “Obviously, be subtle, but it would certainly be helpful to find out if anyone here might be sympathetic to our cause.” “You got it, General.” General Organa smiled wistfully, “We can meet later to check in with each other. If we’re lucky, we might have an escape plan in place before that damn gala tomorrow.” *** Sullenly, Kylo Ren followed his mother to a quiet part of the palace gardens where conveniently, two benches sat under a shade tree. Pretty much the last place in the galaxy that he wanted to be was alone with her right now. For a few minutes, he stared at the ground, avoiding eye contact. Finally, Leia spoke, an even tone to her voice. “Shall we get started then?” “Sure,” Kylo muttered, staring at the ground. They sat in silence for a few minutes, each waiting for the other to speak. Finally, Kylo blurted out. “This doesn’t mean anything. None of this means anything. I can’t-- I’m not going back with you after this. When we get out of here, we go our separate ways.” He felt his cheeks redden at his outburst and quickly stared back at the ground again. The thought briefly crossed his mind about mentioning taking Rey with him, at least temporarily, when he left, but he decided to leave that detail out of the conversation for now. “Ben.” Leia lightly grasped her son’s wrist. When he didn’t immediately respond, she repeated herself. “Ben, look at me.” Kylo looked up. He had defiance on his face and tears in his eyes. “What?” “Ben, what are you doing here? Really?” “I-- I-- didn’t think things through. When I saw the news that you were supposedly engaged to King Prana, I knew that couldn’t be your own choice. I couldn’t let him force marriage...or anything else on you.” “Thank you. I mean that,” she paused. “Does anyone from the First Order know that you’re here?” Kylo shook his head. “No. And to answer your next question, I used a different ship and disabled the trackers, so no, we shouldn’t be in any imminent danger from a First Order attack. Although, the longer that I’m gone, the greater the chance there is of someone figuring out where I went.” Leia reached out with her other hand, taking both of her son’s hands in her own. “If you won’t come back with us, will you at least consider leaving the First Order? I can have my network circulate the news that you were killed. It would give you the chance for a fresh start.” “If I go back, the worst that happens is that I’m punished for leaving on my own. If I leave altogether, I’ve committed...treason. The Supreme Leader will never allow me to leave.” “Ben,” she leaned forward. “I have resources. I can protect you, if you allow me.” “I’ll think about it,” Kylo replied unconvincingly. They sat quietly for a few moments again, with Kylo being the one to break the silence. “So what has your brother taught you about the Force?” “Not much. We’ve done some meditation--” Kylo burst out laughing. “He does love his meditation. I bet that’s what he’s been having Rey work on for the past few weeks, too, isn’t it?” Leia smiled. “He does love his meditation.” Suddenly, her expression changed from one of warmth to one of concern. “You like Rey, don’t you? You’re also here for her, aren’t you?” “What? No, of course not!” He pulled his hand back from his mother. “I mean, I figured that if I was going to break you out of here, I might as well break her out, too.” Leia continued to prod her son. “Remember, I was around you when you were a teenager. I saw how you’d act when you had a crush on a girl. You show off the same way around Rey that you did back then.” “I respect her; I don’t like her.” He clenched his fists. “Look, are we going to do this or not?” Leia’s gaze narrowed. “If you do anything to hurt her or manipulate her…” “Why are you worried about her, when she was the one to give me this?” he pointed to the scar that crossed his face. “You deserved that.” Kylo lowered his voice. “Maybe I did.” He paused, then looked up with a mischievous grin. “I don’t know why you’re so concerned about her. You know... she kissed me .” “What? When?” General Organa couldn’t hide her shock. “When King Prana found me in her room. She kissed me to emphasize the point that we’re in a relationship.” Kylo leaned back and crossed his arms, looking a bit smug. “Oh. That was it?” “She’s not exactly repulsed by me, if she did that.” Leia shook her head, rolling her eyes. “You know, I once kissed your uncle to prove a point to your father.” Kylo averted his gaze, suddenly focusing his attention on his shoes. “We should get started working on the Force. Did Luke teach you anything about physically manipulating objects?” “No,” Leia replied, watching her son. “I didn’t think he would have.” Kylo held out his wrist and pointed to the Force suppression cuff. “It’s not going to be easy, but if there’s a way to simply ‘turn off’ the Force suppression power here, that would be the ideal way to go. Prana’s people wouldn’t be able to pick up on the cuffs being disabled, which would buy us more time and freedom. The problem with that is that I don’t really know how these particular cuffs work--I’ve never seen a model like this before. If we can’t turn off the cuffs, we can simply have you remove them. Removing the cuffs should simply be a matter of manipulating the locking mechanism, which I know should be doable once you know how.” The General nodded in agreement. “Sounds like a plan. How do we start.” Kylo looked around, then plucked a blade of grass from the ground. He tied the blade into a loose knot, then held it in his outstretched hand. “Untie this knot using only your mind,” he instructed. “What does that have to do with the cuff on your wrist?” “It’s the same concept. Using your mind to manipulate the blade of grass requires the same Forces skills as unlocking a cuff,” Kylo explained calmly. Leia stared at the blade of grass and closed her eyes in concentration. Kylo watched her for a moment and then closed his own eyes to better be able to sense his mother’s probing of the Force. For several minutes, he felt absolutely nothing. Finally, he felt a very faint tug through the Force. He opened his eyes and watched the blade of grass. It didn’t move. He felt the tug again, confirming that his mother at least had been able to find the Force, and then sat and waited patiently. Finally, his mother opened her eyes and immediately scowled at the untouched blade of grass in Kylo’s hand. “Nothing?” she asked. A small smile crossed Kylo’s face. “Definitely not nothing. You might not have made any progress with the knot, but I’m pretty sure that you found my Force signature. That’s a very good first step.” The General sighed. “I don’t know how you ever had the patience for this...” *** Rey had been laying on her stomach on her bed, in deep concentration with her holopad when she heard a “beep.” The door to her quarters slid open, and Kylo Ren walked in. Rey dropped the holopad and grumbled, “Don’t you ever knock?” “It’s my room, too, you know” Kylo retorted. “What if--” Rey was cut off by General Organa pushing past Kylo to enter the room. “How did it go this afternoon?” the General asked. Rey’s demeanor instantly changed. “I was able to get onto the network with a faked signature,” she grinned. “Now, I haven’t found anything about how to disable our GPS trackers yet, but I did find a lot of other interesting things.” “Such as?” the General walked further into the room. “I know where they’re keeping our lightsabers and blasters.” “Good. Anything else?” “Not yet. I did see that they have a historical record of anyone who ever was born, lived, or died within the palace” Rey grimaced slightly. “I want to look, but I’m sort of afraid to. I don’t know what I’m going to find there.” General Organa sat down next to Rey on the bed and rubbed the younger woman’s upper arm. “You don’t have to look if you don’t want to. And if you do want to look and want some moral support, I’m here for that.” “Thank you,” Rey replied. The General turned her head to survey the room, and her expression changed to a frown. “Where is the door to Ben’s room?” “There isn’t one.” Rey met Kylo’s gaze and shifted to a sitting position on the bed; he smirked in response. “What? Don’t you have a suite of rooms?” “No, Mother, we were not granted the ‘royal suite’, like you apparently were,” Kylo responded sarcastically. General Organa stood up and surveyed the room again. “Well, where’s Ben’s bed then?” “This is it,” Rey shrugged. “No.” the General stated flatly, crossing her arms. “What?” Kylo asked. “No,” the General turned to face her son. “You are not sharing a room, let alone a bed, with Rey. Ben, get your things. I have a two-bedroom suite. You’re staying with me.” “Come on, you know that I’m only staying here to protect Rey.” He threw up his hands. “I’m sure that’s your only motivation here,” the General rolled her eyes. “I don’t need to be protected. I can take care of myself,” Rey grumbled. “I’m not comfortable with you sharing quarters with Rey,” General Organ stated. “Maybe I’m not comfortable sharing quarters with Rey, either.” Kylo ran his hand through his hair and blurted out. “But if the goal here is to make it look like Rey and and I are in a relationship, how is it going to look if I were to choose to stay with my mother instead of my hot girlfriend?” Rey looked at Kylo in shock, who immediately blushed upon realizing what he had just said and looked away from Rey. “Rey? How do you feel about this?” the General asked, her tone softening. Rey shook her head and cautiously looked up at Kylo, who was still avoiding eye contact with her. Her first instinct was to answer “Confused,” but she caught herself and carefully answered, “No, I think he’s right. If we’re supposed to be in a relationship, it would make more sense for us to stay together. I mean, we can sleep at opposite edges of the bed--that’s what we did last night.” The General raised her eyebrows. “Okay…” She looked from her son to Rey and back to her son again. “Are you both alright with me leaving you and heading back to my quarters for now?” Rey and Kylo both looked at each other and nodded. “We’ll be fine,” Rey replied. “I will see you both later, then.” General Organa turned around and exited the room. *** Rey and Kylo sat on the bed, their dinner dishes scattered around them; Rey had opted to avoid the kitchen, so Kylo had dinner served to their room. They’d shared an awkward meal where they had avoided both conversation and making eye contact with one another. Currently, Rey was engrossed in her findings from the holopad while Kylo read and watched her findings over her shoulder. “Hmmmm… Well, this is bizarre,” Rey murmured. “What did you find?” Kylo asked. “Did you know that King Prana once appointed a horse to his advisory council? The stuff in these archives is unbelieveable.” “Really? Let me see...” Kylo leaned in closer--close enough for Rey to feel his breath on her neck. Instinctively, Rey recoiled and leaned away from him. “What? I didn’t even touch you.” Kylo shook his head. “You’re right. I’m sorry.” “Geez, last night, you jam your tongue into my mouth, but now, you flinch if I even come close to you.” Rey clasped her hands, embarrassed. “You’re right. I shouldn’t have done that last night. I was just trying to convince the King. Thank you for going along with it, by the way.” She stole a glance in Kylo’s direction. He sighed. “You’re never going to convince Prana and his buddies that you and I are in a relationship if you act like you can’t stand being touched by me.” “No, I know. You’re right,” she admitted, sheepishly. “I have an idea, although you’re probably not going to like it.” He leaned back against the headboard and snuck a look at Rey. “And what’s that?” “I think that we should practice.” “Practice?” Kylo nodded with a look of sincerity. “We should practice acting like a couple, so we appear more natural when we’re out in public.” Rey shot him a skeptical look. “I’m not suggesting that we sleep together,” he continued, “But you shouldn’t appear to be uncomfortable if I say, put my arm around you or hold your hand.” “Okay…” Rey still wasn’t sure where he was going with this. “The gala is what’s important, as far as looking like we’re a real couple. We’ve got over a full standard day until then. I think we should just start out trying to be comfortable with each other, and maybe work our way up to trying dancing together, depending on how it goes?” “Dancing?” Rey snorted. “Remember, I am supposed to be your escort at that gala. If we look too incompetent on the dance floor, we’ll draw unwanted attention to ourselves.” “Fair point.” “Does that sound like an acceptable plan?” “Sure, I think I can handle that,” she shrugged. Kylo leaned back against the headboard. “Come here,” he motioned. Rey did as she was instructed and scooted back so that she was sitting with her back against the headboard, next to Kylo. “Now what do we do?” “Well, what would you want to do if I was your actual boyfriend?” Out of instinct, Rey looked at Kylo’s lips, blushed, and quickly looked away. Was he trying to flirt with her? Her mind immediately went back to their first encounter in the interrogation room where his words had seemed to be laced with double entendres. Rey stared straight ahead, careful to avoid eye contact and the emotion out of her voice. “I don’t know. I’ve never had a boyfriend.” “We could just talk. You know, get to know each other?” he suggested. Something about his voice sent a shiver through Rey; she knew that she should be afraid of him, but part of her was finding this interaction slightly thrilling. Trying to reassert her confidence, Rey caught his gaze again and replied. “Okay, sure. What do you do for fun? You know, when you’re not hacking things with your lightsaber or reading prisoners’ minds.” Kylo broke eye contact and snorted. “Such a shock that you’ve never had a boyfriend.” “What? And you’ve had a ton of girlfriends, I bet? I can’t see the Supreme Leader letting you off your leash to date much.” She turned her head in defiance, but then quickly glanced back to see Kylo’s reaction. Kylo grinned and leaned in closer. “I’ve had...relations.” “Congratulations.” Rey crossed her arms and stared ahead. “Have you even kissed anyone before?” “Yes, why?” She frowned. “The kiss that you gave me in front of King Prana...it was less than elegant.” Rey rolled her eyes. “Sorry that it didn’t meet your standards. I’ll try harder next time.” “That’s what I was going to suggest.” Trying to remain as motionless as possible, Rey glanced over at him. He had leaned in even closer to her; he was so close now that she could feel the heat from his body. She pressed back into the headboard, as if that was going to somehow gain her any significant personal space. When she spoke, there was an unmistakable tremble in her voice. “And what are you suggesting?” “Practice.” He smirked. “You need a teacher.” “I-- I don’t think we should,” Rey stammered. She felt herself blush and mentally cursed herself for revealing how nervous he was making her feel. “You were the one who decided to take the idea of me being your boyfriend and run with it. Don’t you at least want us appear to be a believable couple?” “Yes, but...” “Lesson number one, close your eyes when I lean in towards you like this…” Acting on instinct, Rey found herself closing her eyes as instructed. She felt his hand lightly cup the side of her jaw, and then his lips connected with hers, sending a fluttering feeling to her stomach. Kylo lightly sucked her bottom lip, pulling back for a split second, then re-ignited the kiss. Acting on instinct, Rey’s hands flew to Kylo’s shoulders, lightly pulling him towards her. He responded by parting his lips, which Rey quickly mimicked, allowing their tongues entrance to each others’ mouths. He placed his hands at her waist, and Rey discovered that she very much liked the feeling of his hands on her. She also felt a twinge of self-loathing for that discovery, but then she reminded herself that no matter how this felt in the moment, it wasn’t real. She and Kylo were both simply actors rehearsing for a performance, and she couldn’t let herself get swept up in the moment. No matter how good kissing Kylo felt right now, it didn’t change anything between them. Eventually, Kylo broke the kiss and pulled back, leaving both of them breathing slightly heavily. Stunned, at what had just transpired, Rey was unable to do anything but stare at him. His smouldering gaze fixed on her, Kylo softly murmured, “ That was definitely an improvement.” Notes: Thank you again, wonderful readers for your amazing reception to this fic! Your kudos and comments continue to be huge sources of motivation for me! Notes: Thank you for reading! This first chapter might be a little slow, but I promise that things pick up pretty quickly. Let me know what you think--all comments are greatly appreciated!