Chapter One They never knew their true identities until Ben was 5 and Jaina was 3. They had been taken to Naboo. It had been the home of their maternal grandmother. The young Solo children had no idea about this fact. They had the fact that they were there with their mother and father. This was a rare opportunity. F or as long as they could remember, Ben and Jaina only remembered their parents arguing. They knew their parents were important to others but not to the extent that they truly were. They had been brought to some meadows high above the city. A normal day-to-day life for the two children consisted of being with their parents. Just being young and carefree. Jaina was young and did not truly understand why they were there on this new planet . Ben knew. He knew that his parents were not truly happy together. He had heard them arguing at night. Arguing about each other, about him and Jaina, about Uncle Luke, about everything. He never expressed his knowledge to his younger sister as he wanted her to remain happy and knowing nothing. “ Come on Ben!” Jaina shouted as she ran to the top of the hill. Lifting her silk skirts as she ran. She had seen her parents disappear up the hill and Jaina wanted to be there with them. Ben would tease her by saying she was a Daddy’s girl. Which she was. She loved her father and was the spitting image of him. She would follow him everywhere and demand that he teach her to be a mechanic, to teach her how to fly and to teach her to shoot a blaster. S he had not heard the loud voices but her brother had. The voices were not from arguing but from shouting. “ Jaina, wait!” Running faster to try and catch her, especially when he heard the distance sounds of blasters. But Jaina had reached the top of the hill before he could catch her. She froze and saw the battle down the other side of the hill. Her parents in the midst of it. Fighting furiously. Something she had never seen. Han was hit in the shoulder and that terrified the youngest Solo. “ Papa!” She screamed in fear. Not knowing the real danger that she was in. B en reached her side and saw the fighting. He was intrigued but also afraid. Halfway up the hill were four burly men running towards them with blasters. “Run!” He grabbed his sister’s hand and turned them back down the hill, where their protectors met them seconds later. They were lifted up and carried away from the fighting. Away from the danger. J aina held on tightly to her saviour and looked behind her. She realised the danger she had put her family in by shouting to her Papa. But her Papa was fighting. That night her mother and father explained to her and Ben why they were in such danger. Explaining why they needed to be careful and never leave their protectors. That was when their relationship changed with their parents. Ben became slightly more withdrawn from them and Jaina remained closer to her father. Sat in a gloomy bar on Tatooine was Jaina Solo. Not one person knew who she truly was. Living the life of a smuggler for the past few years. Just like her father had. This was their meeting place whenever they could meet. Jaina was on the run from the First Order. She lay low to avoid being found. For years she had lived an ideal life with her mother, father and brother but a disaster hit the family and they all split from each other. It was the way Jaina lived now. Alone. It was how she liked it. Keeping her head down and out of trouble. She was sitting at the bar, sipping on her fourth drink in the city port of Mos Espa. The planet was notorious for bandits and smugglers. The perfect hiding place for someone on the run from the First Order. “I’ll have the same,” the familiar voice sat next to her. “How many have you had, Maia?” Using her fake name. “This is my fourth.” Draining the last of the contents of her drink, gesturing to the barkeep for another. “How long are you here for?” “Can’t stay long.” Downing his own drink. “Have you spoken to your mother?” She shook her head and sipped her fresh drink. “No. Not for two years. They weren’t friendly words.” Shouts came from outside, sending everyone in the bar on high alert. “Get out of here.” He nudged her towards the door but they were too late. The room was filling with First Order troops demanding for people’s identifications. But no one was showing. Tatooine was not a place for the First Order nor the rebels. “Separate.” Jaina nodded and slipped in between everyone, getting herself far away from her father. Her hand on the hilt of her blaster but her hand itched to reach for her other weapon. A weapon that would reveal her true identity. A last resort. She kept to the shadows, hiding behind the tallest creature. A hairy creature. “Hello Chewie,” whispering as she hid behind her father’s first mate. Ever the protector. “Rrr,” gently growling as he kept her behind him. Shielding her from view. “I need to get out,” whispering to him as she pressed herself against his soft, furry back. She slipped around him, aiming towards the door but her path was blocked. A man in black pushed her back inside. The man stood tall, his jaw set as he moved into the bar. “We have heard of a rumour of resistance fighters in these parts.” He pushed Jaina further into the room. Proceeding to move around, staring at each occupant of the room. His cold stare putting fear into each and every one of them. From where she stood, she could see her father. His eyes never leaving her. She could see the fear in his eyes. She was trapped and if she were discovered, it would be dangerous for her. For him too. “Now, if anyone has any information, step forward and you will be rewarded.” The occupants twitched uneasily. Wanting to say something for a reward but the First Order could double cross. “No rebels dare come here.” Someone spoke up from the back. “Too scared to.” A fire shot and the one who spoke fell down dead. All hell broke loose. Shots fired from every direction. Aimed mainly at the troops of the First Order. Jaina, Han and Chewie were among those who shot at the troops. “STOP!” The loud voice of the general boomed across. Everyone, oddly, froze. Blasters pointed at enemies. “That one there! The girl! She is a rebel!” A female pointed at Jaina. Jaina froze. Her blaster pointing at a troop. Ready to fire at the next sign of a fight. “She is a liar,” speaking through gritted teeth. Her eyes never leaving the troop in front of her, who was also ready to fire at her. “Kill them all,” the man spoke with not a care and turned to leave as the fight began again. That was it for Jaina. She needed to act now. She holstered the blaster in its place and reached to her left hip. On her left hip sat her most dangerous weapon. A weapon she built and was trained with. Her lightsaber. She released it and stood ready to fight. To protect herself. “No Jaina!” Her father shouted. The man in black turned at that name and at the noise of the powering up of the lightsaber. “Ah! I want her alive!” Jaina wasted no time. With skill and fluid movements, she deflected each shot that came towards her. She cut down every stormtrooper who attacked her with stunners. “Jaina, come on!” Her father shouted at her from the entrance way, shooting any attackers. She fought hard. She knew she had to leave the planet fast. To avoid him. To avoid the real danger. She shouldered a stormtrooper to the ground and pushed hard to get outside, where there was complete panic. There was fighting everywhere. She sheathed her lightsaber to avoid any more attention brought to her. A hand slipped around her wrist. She half expected the general to be there but it was her father. “Come on, girl. Where’s your ship?” “Hanger 8.” Slipping into the backstreets of Mos Espa, running as fast as they could and stopping as they reached her ship. “Go Father! Leave me. It’s too dangerous now.” “I’m not leaving you until you are safe!” Keeping his grip on her wrist. “No Father. Go! He will be here. It’s not safe for either of us.” She kissed him on the cheek, wrenched her hand from his grip and ran from him. Running as fast as she could into her ship. Never looking back at the man she called Father. Her fear spurred her on. Her fear was the only thing that kept her alive. Running away from her fear. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two Summary: Jaina travels to Takodana. Her identity was exposed. She needed to find another safe haven from all rebels and all of the First Order. If no one knows who she was and then she would be safe. “R5, keep an eye out for any other ships.” She put the ship on automatic and moved into the back. All her life was on this ship. There was much of it but it was her own. This small ship and R5 had been bought the year before her fugitive state. “R5, set a course for Takodana. I need to see Maz,” sighing heavily as she searched for her last bit of food. Tatooine had been her place to replenish her supplies but her quick getaway made it impossible. Her droid bleeped from his place above the ship. “I know. We need to see her anyway. She will be willing to trade for some food.” Pulling out a snack bar. A food she always left until last as it was a dry substance with small fruits inside. Something she despised. It reminded her of when she was first on the run and it was the only food she could get when she escaped home. R5 beeped once more. “Transmission from who?” Climbing back into her seat. He beeped once more. “Ugh. Mother? How did she find me? Ignore it, R5. Just get away from this system.” Taking control of the flight. “Thank goodness they didn’t follow us. Too many people escaping that planet.” Sighing heavily and sat back on the large leather chair. This ship was a near wreck when her father acquired it. It was their bonding. They rebuilt it. Making it workable. He taught her how to fly in it. She was an experienced pilot before he taught her to fly her own. They just enjoyed being in each other’s company. But all that was in the past. Bad things happened to their family, tearing it apart. Takodana was in view. The safe haven for all fugitives, smugglers and pirates. A favourite place for Jaina. Having been born and raised mainly on Coruscant, an entire city covered the planet. No green except for the lights in places. Her father told her of this place just before she went on the run. He told her to go to Maz who would help her with anything. Soon Takodana became a favourite place for Jaina. A favourite place to hide when she came too close to trouble. “Maia!” Maz exclaimed when she walked into Maz’ castle. “Come come.” “Hello Maz.” Taking a seat next to the humanoid. “I need food. My supplies are low.” “I heard the problems on Tatooine. Dangerous thing you did.” Tapping Jaina’s hand with her long finger. “Where is the problem?” Jaina smiled, “with me at all times. You know that.” Leaning back on her chair, relaxing for the first time in a few months. “I do. Just testing you.” Staring at Jaina through her thick lenses. “You have seen your father?” “I have. We spoke briefly before the trouble began. They were looking for me, Maz. Not me in particular. But a rebel.” Bringing her drink to her lips and sipping the liquid. “Can I lay low here for a couple of days?” “Of course, girl. Take as long as you want. Plenty of business here too.” Nodding to a table in the corner. “They have goods that need to get to Naboo.” Jaina’s interest was sparked. Naboo was another safe haven for her. “Well, that sounds very good to me.” Draining the last of her drink. She was weary of her surroundings and of those who were around her. She had learnt not to trust anyone. Apart from Maz. But it did take Jaina a little while to trust her. Trust issues which started with her family. Her parents separating and her brother abandoning them. But mostly people betraying her to get into the inner circle of the First Order. No wonder she had the problems with strangers. Two days after her arrival at Takodana, she approached the party of people who would wanted a way to get to Naboo with their goods. They were untrusting of her. Wondering why she was so eager to help them. She never explained to them who she was but only mentioned that she grew up on the planet, a lie, and the guards knew her, which was the truth. “If you don’t believe me, I have room for one passenger.” She never broke eye contact when she spoke with them. She wanted them to trust them. Bringing in goods was good money for her. “So? Do we have a deal?” The company talked for a few minutes and one of them stuck their hand out towards Jaina. “It’s a deal. You will have me on your trip.” The male human spoke up, the one who shook her hand. “I’ll be glad of the company. My R5 is good company but not good for conversation.” Smiling sweetly at him, trying to soften him and get into his good books. She needed the money. “We will leave in two hours. Maz owes me supplies.” “Good.” Shaking her hand once more and leaving her alone. Maz moved and sat with her. “Well done. They are a hard company to make a deal with.” “Well I used my charms.” “Just like your father.” Maz winked at her. “I suggest you get off this planet fast. It won’t take the First Order long to realise that you will be here.” Jaina crossed her legs. “I know. They are probably already here.” “Food packages have been placed at the dock. Ready for you and your guest.” She rested her hand over Jaina’s. “Be careful. There are dark times ahead for you. Be strong, girl.” Jaina was joined by Golu Dinoa. He was an older man who had a long history of smuggling. He was a kind man with a face full of scars from fighting. Her ship was loaded up and they were ready to go. “Everything in place, R5?” The droid beeped in response. “Right, let’s go.” Slipping into the pilot seat with Golu sitting in the co-pilot seat. “Can you fly?” “I can.” He gave her a smile. The scars on his face softened when he smiled. Giving him a less of a scary face. Shutting the ramp, they were off. Flying away from the lush green planet. She was silent for a moment as they jumped into hyperspace. “There we go.” Sitting back as her small ship sped through space. “Relax. We will reach the Naboo system soon.” “How can I relax when I am in the presence of a Jedi?” Jaina had been rising up from her seat and froze at his question. Returning to her seat, her eyes never leaving him. “How do you know?” “Not very good at hiding your weapon.” Looking down at her left hip, where her lightsaber was sitting. “It’s all right. I’m not with the First Order. Not with the resistance either. But I will keep your secret. As long as you tell me your real name. I am guessing that Maia isn’t your true name.” She looked out of the window and sighed heavily. “No. It isn’t. But I do not want to tell you my real name. It is dangerous for me. Definitely dangerous for you. If the First Order capture you will give them information about me. I cannot risk that.” Dolu nodded. “Fine. But your father owes me money.” “My father is dead.” A lie she had been using for years. “No he isn’t. Your father is the crook, Han Solo. So your fee has been halved because of the amount he owes me.” Jaina gritted her teeth. “You are on my ship. You will pay me the full price or I will send your goods out in the escape pod. That is where they are stored. You cannot get into it as the door can only open with my genetics.” She gave a small smirk. “The same with controlling the ship. You can fly it but only with my genetic permission.” This annoyed Dolu but ultimately he knew he had to agree with her. She may have been young but she was a Jedi and she was a better fighter than he was. “Fine. We do this your way. You will get the whole payment but only when we get through the security barriers and the goods are passed on.” She nodded. Her console bleeped. “We are approaching the system.” She tapped the buttons and pulled her ship out of hyperspace. The system came into view with the planet of Naboo ahead of them. Jaina smiled as they approached the planet. She loved the travelling that came with her smuggling. She was able to visit places that she had never been to or to places that she had not been to for a very long time. Naboo was one of those places. It had been a planet that she visited frequently when she was a child. “Identify your craft, your name and business.” A voice came through the speaker. Jaina took a deep breath. “This is the Luna. This is Maia Lando with cargo.” She gave a small lie to be able to land. “Yes Ma’am. Dock Two” Dolu smirked at her. “Do you have a plan?” “I don’t. I just make it up as I go along.” She commandeered her ship towards Dock Two. R5 bleeped from behind them. “Yes I do. Every time.” Calling over her shoulder at her droid and bringing the ship to land. “Let me do the talking.” Removing herself from her seat and to the ramp of her ship. Her job was done and she was paid. The joy of being on Naboo was the freedom she had. She could relax without having to worry about being captured or being killed. She sat in one of the high meadows and looked down at the sparkling blue water. Peace. This was a favourite place for her to meditate. No one was around. Taking a deep breath she closed her eyes and cleared her mind. Trying not to focus on anything. Something was wrong. She couldn’t focus. This was not right. Getting to her feet, Jaina took a look around. Nothing was there. No one was there. A terrible pain in her stomach and heart hit her suddenly. So painful, she fell to her knees and wept. She knew. She knew. “Papa,” gasping out loud. He was dead. Killed. Pulling herself to her feet. She needed to get off the planet. To find out the truth. Of course it was true. She felt it. Tears ran down her cheeks as she ran down the meadow to find her way to her ship. To get to where she needed to be. Chapter 3 : Chapter Three Summary: Jaina returns to her mother. Notes: Wanted to get this chapter out sooner than planned in memory of Carrie Fisher! She and Ben had been in a fight. He would tease her that he was more powerful than her. Which upset her a lot because she was trying hard to be like him. There was nothing that her mother and Uncle Luke could do could calm her down. She was only 9 and Ben was 11 when this happened. She escaped her mother’s comforting arms because Ben was in her head and teasing her more. Calling her a Mother’s baby. She ran through their home in Coruscant to the hangers, where her father kept the Millennium Falcon. A place she loved to hide from Ben because he never came here. Ben and their father had a rocky relationship recently. The Falcon was her father’s pride and joy. Only until her and Ben came along. She ran up the ramp noisily. Her feet pounding on the metal flooring, her sobs echoed around the ship. She ran through until she reached the cockpit. Slipping into her father’s seat, she sat there and stared at all the controls. She wished to be able to fly the ship but her father had forbidden it. But she liked pretending. She would sit in her father’s seat for hours and pretend to be him. She wanted to be him. To have his adventures. To be brave like him. To be a pilot like him. “ What are you doing in here?” The soft voice of her father came from behind her. He always knew where she was and he always seemed to know when she was upset. “ Hiding from Ben.” She slumped in the chair, refusing to look at him. “He was teasing me.” She climbed from his seat and sat in Chewbacca’s seat. It was normal to give up the seat if her father was there. It was his seat after all. “He said I wasn’t powerful like him. Just because Uncle Luke is training him more than me.” Her father sat in his seat and gave her that famous lop-sided smile. “You are not your brother. You are you. No one can take that from you. Not even your brother. Jaina, don’t let him get to you.” She gave an angry huff. “But Dad! He just gets on my nerves!” Folding her arms in her temper. “He teases me with everything.” “ Well, I can tell you two things you are definitely better at than Ben is.” She sat up straight, curious. She would use this against Ben in their next argument. “What?” “ You are a better pilot than him. You are a better mechanic than him.” He reached over and held her hand. “You are a determined girl, Jaina. You love being in a ship and you want to be something that you want to be.” He sat up straight. “Come on. I’ve spoken with your mother. Time to fly.” Jaina’s smile broadened and moved from her seat to sit on his lap. She loved it when he had her fly the Millennium Falcon with her in his lap. She was in control but he was always there just in case. She flew with tears in her eyes. The pain had been sitting on her heart for a moment until she was in the air, flying to D’Qar. She knew her mother would be there. No matter what she needed at that moment, she needed to be with her mother. To comfort her and be comforted. No matter what had happened between them. This moment Jaina needed her mother. More than anything. R5 remained silent as she sobbed at the helm, landing in a landing bay on D’Qar. “Fill her up,” she ordered someone as she ran out of her ship, ignoring the calls she was getting from those around her. A strong pair of hands grabbed her by the forearms pulling her to a stop. “Let go of me!” She said through angry tears, attempting to force the person’s hands off her. “Not until you tell me who you are.” He was a tall man and wore a pilot’s uniform. “Please! I need to see the General. Please.” She was nearly on her knees begging but the need to see her mother was too great. “No one sees the General. Her husband has just died.” “I know!” Jaina shouted at him. “That’s why I am here. Please! I need to see her. Please,” the last word a whisper. Her tears fell down her cheeks. “Please.” He studied her for a moment and had a feeling that he believed her. “Fine. I will escort you to her.” Releasing her from his grip and guiding her inside. “Wait here,” he ordered her. She could feel her mother’s presence. It was close. She was sad. “Oh mother,” whispering to herself when she laid eyes on the woman she loved dearly but would argue with her relentlessly when she was growing up. She kept herself hidden in the shadows. Afraid to be recognised. Just in case. Still afraid. She would always be afraid. She watched as her mother spoke to the man, who remained behind as Leia approached her youngest child. Neither said a word as Leia led her daughter out of the room and into her private rooms. Needing to keep Jaina’s identity a secret. Once the door was closed tight, Jaina went into her mother’s arms in floods of tears. Her sobs filled the room. Leia never let go of her. She comforted her and shed her own silent tears. Jaina calmed after a while. The two women sat together, holding each other’s hands. Not wanting to let go on the fear that the tears may start again. “Did you see him before it happened?” “I did. When did you last see him?” “A few days ago.” Getting to her feet and walking to a desk. “On Tatooine. We meet up every so often. We used to, I mean. It was his decision, not mine. He said I Leia watched her daughter reading whatever was on the desk. It wasn’t very important. “Jaina...” “Was it Ben?” Cutting off her mother. “Did Ben do it? I know he did. I felt his anger, confusion and hate at the time. I just need to hear you say it.” “Yes. He did. Chewie told me but I felt it too.” Jaina gritted her teeth to remain calm. “Did you find Uncle Luke?” Changing the subject to keep her anger at bay. “We have located him. He has been sent for. Chewie and Artoo have gone with another pilot.” “I can’t see him. But I need to stay. I just don’t want to see him. I need to keep busy or I will do something stupid.” She turned to her mother. “Is there anything you can do for me?” “We need pilots. You still remember how to fly an X-Wing?” “Of course I can.” Walking back to the long sofa that they had been sitting on and sat a little further away from her mother. “I need to keep my cover. It is for the safety of everyone. Particularly here.” “Of course, Maia.” Her mother smiled as she used her alias. She understood the magnitude of her daughter’s secret. “So? What are my orders, General?” Leia stood and Jaina followed suit. “I will take you to the squadron leader of the X-Wing fighters I would like you to join. Though I do believe you have already met him.” “Oh him!” Jaina rolled her eyes, remembering him and his small interrogation from when she arrived. “Fine. Let me meet him properly.” “Poe?” Leia called when they entered the main hanger. Men were crowding around Jaina’s ship, making her uneasy. “Oi! Get away from my ship,” she shouted at them. The men eyed her carefully and stepped away from the ship. One, who was examining the ship, had been Poe, who now approached the two women. “General?” “This is Maia Lando. She is to be one of your new recruits. On my request. I have known her since she was a girl. A very good pilot. Could even give you a run for your money.” Leia gave him a small smile. “Miss Lando, you will have to move your ship as this is a busy hanger.” “Yes General.” She nodded, watching her mother walk away from them both. “Where can I put my ship?” Poe had not stop studying her. He always took his time to trust someone. This woman seemed to be hiding something from him and possibly from the General also. “There is space in the fifth hanger down from this one. I’ll show you and then you can show me how well you can fly an X-Wing.” “You will be surprised.” Walking towards her beloved ship. They stepped onto her ship and he was immediately confronted by Jaina’s droid. “R5, leave him alone!” “You have your own droid?” Looking down at the red droid, who stopped him from moving any further. “I inherited him from father. R5, leave him alone. He’s my new boss. Sort of.” Giving her droid a push, who was determined to protect his mistress. “R5, that is enough!” Pushing him harder when he threatened Poe. “He’s been rather protective lately.” Poe manoeuvred around the droid, following Jaina to the pilot’s cockpit. Avoiding anything that came his way from the droid. “I can see that.” Keeping his eyes on her but being weary of the overprotective droid. He took in what he saw around him and saw a lot of goods. “Ah! A smuggler. No wonder the General brought you in.” Jaina became defensive, “what is that supposed to mean?” “Woah! Don’t worry. It is not a judgement.” Holding his hands up in defence. “From the General’s knowledge, I have learnt that smugglers are very good pilots.” Jaina jumped into her seat and turned on her ship. “Okay. I believe you but please don’t judge me. I have to do this because of the First Order and everything. So please, keep your comments and questions to yourself.” “As long as it doesn’t interfere with the Resistance.” “I cannot make such a promise but I will fight hard for the Resistance. That I can promise you.” Using her skills, she pushed the ship into flight and moved out into the sunlight. Poe watched her with fascination. He watched as she gently flew the ship out of its current place and into the new hanger. He watched her take the controls with ease and how she seemed to be at one with the ship. “You are good.” She scoffed and rolled her eyes as the ship came to a stop. “You haven’t seen anything yet.” Hitting the switches that stopped the engines and turned to face him with a stern look on her face. A determined look on her features. “I want to make this clear: no one is to set foot on this ship without my permission. Understood?” “I understand. No one comes on here.” Not taking his eyes off her, still wondering about her. Still thinking as to why the General was so eager to recruit her. “Come. I’ll take you to your new ship.” Chapter 4 : Chapter Four Summary: Poe assesses Jaina's flying skills. When she was taken to the X-Wing fighters, her heart stopped. These were her favourite ships to fly. They were one of her last ships that she learnt to fly and fight in. Her mother had said so because they were fast. That’s what her mother had said. But that made Jaina want to fly them more. “So what is my task?” She asked her new squadron leader just as he handed her a helmet. “Just need to see your skills.” Leading her towards the X-Wings. “I will fly alongside you.” The two of them climbed into their respective fighters. Jaina felt very much at home as she sat in the cockpit. Closing the hatch above her and strapping herself in. She knew what every button and lever did. She did not forget any detail. This was home to her. “So, what is your callsign when flying?” She asked Poe over the intercom. “Black Leader. You can be Maia for now and just call me Poe for now. We will use our callsigns when we are in battle. Right let’s go. Just follow me.” They pulled off. She followed him carefully, waiting for further instructions. The joy being in the ship was unbelievable for her. This was euphoria for her. “Right, I want to see your skills. There will be a few other pilots out and I want you to be able to dodge them as they fly at you.” “Bring it on.” She said with glee and readied herself for the oncoming task. She calmed herself and cleared her mind. Awaiting for the approaching fighters. She could hear them. They were coming from behind her. Pulling up the ship and twisting it back around to be behind the other fighters. It was so unexpected that the others in the ships were confused for a moment as to what she was doing. The experience became like a child’s game of hide and seek but with X-Wing fighters. They were up in the air for over half an hour before Poe instructed them all to land again. She could see them talking as she climbed out of her X-Wing. The men seemed very enthusiastic but Poe Dameron showed no emotion at all as he spoke. She leant against the ladder and waited. Waiting for his opinion on her flying skills and if she was good enough to be on his squadron. She knew he had no choice but she would have preferred to get on the squadron for her skills and not on the say so of the General. Jaina studied him as he spoke to the other pilots. They didn’t seem to treat him as a leader on the ground. She could see how he treated them and how they acted around him. They seemed to respect him but they were also good friends with him. He treated them as equals and from the looks of it, he valued their opinion. Occasionally one of them would look at her as they spoke. They were calculating her. Judging her. She could tell. Just from watching their mannerisms. The discussion between the men in the squadron only lasted five minutes and Poe approached her. His helmet in his left hand. “Well, I have spoken to the others and they are impressed with your skills. So am I.” Holding his hand out to her. “Welcome to the Resistance.” She took his hand firmly and shook it. “Thank you.” Training with her Uncle Luke was becoming more and more difficult. Ben seemed to find them easier and he was getting more lessons from Luke than she was. But the lack of extra lessons for her meant more time reading about mechanics and piloting. She could always be found in the library, reading. It was a small library with very few books. Her Uncle Luke was slowly building up the library for the Jedi school. The archives for every system was up-to-date but the knowledge libraries were not complete. “Always reading,” spoke her mother from behind her. “ Mother!” She exclaimed, throwing her book aside and rushing to Leia’s open arms. “I didn’t know you were coming.” “ It’s a surprise.” Keeping her arms around her daughter. It had been months since they last saw each other. “Your Uncle Luke has said that you have been very quiet and distant from your studies.” Jaina shrugged her shoulders when they sat on the couch together. “I just cannot seem to focus. No matter what I do. All I want to do is mechanics.” Lifting the book she had been reading. ‘Advanced mechanics of all fighters.’ “It’s all I think about.” Her mother smiled. “Well, that’s why I am here. Your Uncle Luke is happy to release you from Jedi training for a year to be with your father and he will teach you what you want.” “ I can come home?” “ Yes. You can come home.” “ Oh mother! Thank you!” Nearly leaping across the sofa to embrace her mother. “Thank you!” Leia could not help but laugh when Jaina hugged her again. “Do not worry. You are not to be idle for the year. You will do as your father asks you and then return to your Uncle Luke to continue your training.” Jaina parted from her mother with a large smile. A smile that seemed plastered on her face. “Yes mother. I promise.” For two weeks, Jaina had been living with her fellow sqaudron members and had developed a great relationship with them all. Even Poe. They had been weary of each other due to their first encounter when she arrived on D’Qar. But their friendship grew. Everyone had noticed. Leia had noticed especially. She summoned them to the council session. “We have a mission for you both on Coruscant,” she explained. “We have belief that a member of the First Order is gathering followers from the slums. Well, getting followers in exchange for food, credit and mainly power. You two are to go undercover and search out the member. Just find out who it is and then report back to us.” “Why us?” Poe questioned. “I can understand myself but Maia is new.” “Maia grew up on Coruscant and I believe has a number of connections on the planet.” “It’s true,” confirmed Maia. “I have a few contacts there. A few, I know, who won’t betray us.” Poe took in the idea of working with her. He did trust her but not fully. She was very secretive when it came to her past. Avoiding any question he asked about her family, her past life and more importantly her connection to General Organa. How the General seemed to let her into the squadron from the moment she entered the base. How the General trusted her enough to go on a special mission with him, with no experience in the field of being undercover. “When do we leave?” “Tonight. You will take Maia’s personal ship. Will it get you into Coruscant, Maia?” “If I have cargo, yes.” She folded her arms and nodded. Her eyes never leaving his. “I can do this, Poe. Trust me.” He said nothing. He only nodded in agreement. “I need to have some sort of cargo to get into Coruscant,” said Maia. He nodded and left the place. A little untrusting of Jaina. He noticed that General Organa moved to Jaina, taking her hand in her own. Both of them whispering to each other. “Be careful, Maia. Get out of there if you need to. Don’t risk your life and Poe’s life for information.” “Yes General,” speaking softly. “I’ll come home. I promise.” Bowing her head slightly before leaving. “Come on R5.” Her droid followed her obediently. The ship was packed and they were preparing to go. Something had been playing on Jaina’s mind for some time. “When did they leave to find Luke Skywalker?” Asking Poe in the hope that he knew the answer. “A few days ago.” He placed his bag in a small compartment, which was empty except for dust. “Why do you ask?” “Why do you think? He’s a legend. I always thought he was a myth.” She was repeating words she had heard since she went into hiding. This was early days when she was asking questions about her family to see if she could get any news of them. It had been to give her peace of mind. But she never received that peace of mind, so she stopped asking. Stopped caring. That turned her into a smuggler. To a life of only caring about herself. But now, she had to care about herself second. She had others around her to care for. To look out for. Being part of the squadron gave her a new sense of life. One she had not had in a very long time. “According to the General, he is not a myth. He is her brother.” “Really?” She smiled as if she were filled with curiosity at learning about the General. “Didn’t you know that? You’ve known her since you were a child.” “She never mentioned him.” Shrugging her shoulders and climbing into the pilot’s seat. “R5, is everything ready?” She flicked the switches and hit the buttons. “I don’t believe it!” She growled. “Someone has been in here!” Looking at a small screen next to her, which gave any details of someone being inside the ship and someone touching the controls. “I told them!” Growling in anger. “How do you know?” Taking his seat next to her in the co-pilot’s seat. “The controls are genetic. Only I can control this ship. It logs when someone has opened up the door, when someone touches the controls. It logs when someone bloody sneezes in here.” She switched the ship on and closed the door from where she was. “Ready?” He could feel the anger radiating from her. “Ready.” He wasn’t going to give her any more reason to radiate her anger at him. Chapter 5 : Chapter Five Summary: Poe and Jaina begin their mission The anger in Jaina seemed to simmer out as they began their long journey to Coruscant. She noticed Poe being cautious around her. Not speaking unless she spoke first. Which was a rare occasion. When she spoke she never spoke about herself. She was curious about him. Asking about his family, his past and his current place in the resistance. “The General saw something in me and offered me a position in the Resistance. How could I refuse? To work alongside such brave fighters under the command of the great General Organa? How could I not?” She gave him a smile as she pulled into the port. “I have a place for us to stay but they only had one room left. We need this place. It’s a good place to watch where we need to watch for the suspect. It is a local haunt for him, apparently.” He seemed to be slightly embarrassed by this but said nothing about it. “I will unload the cargo.” “No, leave it.” Jumping out of her seat. “R5 will sort it out. No one would dare argue with him.” Poe could not help but laugh. “I would not want to argue with him either.” Looking to the droid, who stood at the exit as if on guard of the ship and its mistress. “Lead the way.” Their room was not the best for comfort but it was the best for watching their target. It was on the second floor of a small dwelling which was opposite a club, which seemed to be run by a gang of unknown name and origin. They had been on the planet a total of two days and had not found out much apart from that their target would be at the club. It was boring but it was how it was going to be until they knew for sure that their target was who they needed to watch. “This is ridiculous,” groaned Jaina as she sat on the only bed in the room, having stared out of the window for an hour. “Let’s go eat. Being cooped up in here is driving me insane.” He laughed. He couldn’t help but laugh. She had slowly become more open with him. Not always about her past but about her personality came out in the open more. He noticed she loved to laugh but when she was watching for their target, she never moved from her spot. “I agree. We won’t get anywhere sitting here all day.” Jaina gave a small smile along with a nod. “I know a place. Good food. Not sure about the company there but we will be hidden. I need you to be dressed in your least appealing clothing. The poorer you look, the better.” She pulled out a black leather from her bag and pulled it on. “Takes away the focus on you.” Turning her back on him, giving him privacy to change and giving her a chance to slip her secret weapon into her jacket. Making sure he did not see. Concealing her true identity from him. It was for the best. For her and more importantly for him. She did not want a death on her hands that was caused by her. Cautiously, they left their place of residence without drawing too much attention to themselves. The lower levels of Coruscant were reserved for the poor and needy. The people around them were desperate and would not think twice about attacking someone with money. They would not think twice about attacking anyone. That was their desperation. Their desperation to live. Jaina and Poe weaved in and out of the bustle of people. Poe followed her more than walked with her. She led the way. He noticed that she knew the way and never hesitated as she walked. She had confidence with her sense of direction and that he had faith in her. “We’re here.” Slipping inside a rundown diner. It looked rundown on the outside but inside it was bustling. “Come on.” Tugging his sleeve and pulling him into an empty booth. “This place has the best food on the planet.” She was wary of who was around. Her eyes looking at each individual that she could see in her eyeline. “Two Jawa Juices and two Dex’s Doubles, please.” Ordering from the waitressing droid, who had approached their table. “Tex! The girl is here!” The droid called behind to the counter, where a large Besalisk stood. “Maia!” He called cheerfully. “Come here. Got a bum leg. Have to stay seated.” Jaina smiled broadly. “I won’t be long,” muttering to Poe. “Don’t move from here. This is a good table.” Poe did not take his eyes off her as she left him alone to speak with Tex. The two of them spoke in hushed tones. So hushed that he had no idea what they were saying but it was serious. Tex nodded, occasionally looked over at him and had a stern expression on him as they spoke. As he studied them, he noticed an object in her coat. It was shaped like a bomb. A very thin bomb. She did not seem the radical type to set off explosions. When she returned he said nothing about the strange object in her jacket. But he watched her every movement. Every little movement. Trying to decipher what she was going to do next. If she was going to do something. “Been here before?” She smiled at him. “Yes. I used to be a regular here. Tex is the grandson of the last owner, an old family friend. Something like that. I don’t know the details but I know he is an old family friend. He’s had trouble with the First Order. They come in a lot. So we need to be careful.” Nodding to the waitressing droid, who brought them their food. “There seem to be a lot of different characters in here.” Jaina nodded. “There is. This place was destroyed many years ago and went underground. When the Empire was destroyed, it came out of hiding. But there were a lot of poor around. So Tex started a movement. Where anyone, who has currency, can pay in anyway they can. If they have none, they still get fed. I’ve have always paid and put a little extra in for someone who can’t pay. But sometimes it causes fights especially if they know you have enough to pay for others.” She gave one smile and dug into her delicious food. But as they sat, ate and talked, they were being watched. They had not noticed this person watching them. He watched as the pair laugh and enjoyed themselves. Relaxing from their real reason for being on the planet. “I swear to you! That’s what happened!” Jaina laughed when he shook his head in disbelief. “So, let me get this straight?” He put down his second cup of Jawa Juice and pointed at her. “You disguised yourself as a boy and stole your current ship from Soontir Fel?” “Yeah. I grew up with his son, Jagged. It was so funny when he realised who I was.” She laughed a little louder. “His face was a picture!” Draining the last of her drink. Silence fell on them. Actually, silence fell on the whole diner. “Stay still,” whispering very softly to him. She raised her eyes to the door. Stormtroopers stood at the door, blasters in hand. “Five of them.” Her eyes flickered to the grimy windows. “Five more outside.” Poe gave a slight shake of the head. “Two more at the other door.” Keeping his fork in one hand and sliding his other hand to the seat, close to his hip. Ready for action. Jaina followed. Her hand ready for action. “Only move if they do.” She nodded slightly. The Stormtroopers moved further inside. One was in charge as they moved to the counter. “Where’s the suspects, Tex?” Jaina froze. Had Tex betrayed them? He couldn’t have. Her eyes looked up at Poe. His jaw locked as he watched the scene before him. “Get ready,” he said through gritted teeth. The leader walked towards them and stood at their table. “Identification,” he ordered them. Jaina spoke calmly and softly, “you don’t need to see our identification.” Her left hand gave a little wave. “Identification.” He said more forcefully. “You don’t need to see our identification. Move along.” Waving her left hand ever-so-slightly. The Stormtrooper stopped and there was a pause, “last chance. Identification.” “Last chance. You don’t need to see our identification.” Jaina remained calm and gave another wave of her hand, a little bigger than the last time. More obvious this time. “You two are under arrest.” He pulled her up from her seat, while another dragged Poe from his. “Tex? Did you betray us? Tex!” Jaina was angry as she was pulled out of the diner. The owner hung his head in shame, avoiding looking at her as she was forcefully dragged away. They were pushed to their knees, the street was soon empty. No one wanted to get in the way of the First Order. “You are under arrest for fraternising with the resistance.” Jaina thought fast. Assessed the area. Assessed the weaknesses in their ranks. She moved fast. Using her shoulder, she shoved the nearest guard away from her and kicked out at the next one. The rest of the troop jumped on them both, pinning them down. Jaina struggled harder. Determination and fear spurred her on. “Get off me!” She growled through gritted teeth. “Stay down!” One of them said to her as he pinned her down. She could not overpower him. But it was Poe who could overpower his captors. “Maia!” He fought as hard as he could. Punching and hitting anyone nearby. His own rage overpowered him when he saw her being pushed into the concrete ground. Seeing her wince in pain pushed him further. With no choice left, he charged at Maia’s captors and threw them to the ground. Jaina had less hands holding her down and able to fight back. Forcing them from her. She pulled herself up on her feet as fast as she could. Taking deep breaths to calm herself. Poe continued to fight the attacking Stormtroopers. The rest advanced on her. “Poe, we need to get out of here!” “I’m trying,” he said through gritted teeth as he swung at the next Stormtrooper. Stepping back slowly as the Stormtroopers moved forward, Jaina used the wrong instincts and reached for the right weapon. The right weapon for her. Poe saw as she pulled out the weapon and he threw himself on the ground, thinking she has pulled out a bomb. She activated her weapon. Never waiting for them to stop her or to act. She twisted her body and swung the deadly weapon forward, striking down the nearest two Stormtroopers. They were hesitant to shoot at her. They knew that they shouldn’t shoot at her but they needed to protect themselves and try to capture the woman. Poe stood in fear, surprise and even awe as Jaina fought hard on her own. Slashing down each enemy. None of them bothered with him. They were determined to stop her. Soon, each one of the enemy was on the floor. Dead. Defeated. “We need to get off this planet.” Grabbing his hand and dragging him back along the streets, sheathing her lightsaber and disappearing into the crowd. Neither said a word until they were back in their room, packing as fast as they could. “Tell me the truth!” He shouted. He was finally ready to talk. Before, he had been in shock at what he had seen her do. At what she could do. “You are not who you say you are.” “I am, Poe. I really am telling the truth. I am a pilot.” Shoving the last of her contents into her bag. “But I have had to hide a little truth from you.” “Does the General know? I will have to tell her about this.” “I know,” she snapped at him. “I will tell you everything on the ship. I promise. But right now, we need to get away from this planet. Fast. I mean it.” Poe could see that she was terrified. Of what? Being found with a possible stolen lightsaber. Possibly stolen. “Fine. You best tell me the whole truth.” Jaina neither agreed nor disagreed with it. She would have to conceal the truth as best as she could. - - - - - - - - - - - Chapter 6 : Chapter Six Summary: The aftermath of their mission For an hour of their return journey, neither of them spoke. They had escaped the planet without any trouble but they moved fast. Jumping into hyperspeed as soon as they could. Switching to autopilot, Jaina finally turned to face Poe, who had been waiting patiently for answers. “I’m ready to talk.” Remaining in her seat as he stood before her. Poe took a moment to collect his thoughts and think about his questions. “You are a Jedi?” She nodded. “Yes I am.” “You are name is not Maia?” “That is correct. And before you ask. I won’t tell you my real name. It is safer this way.” She looked down at her hip, where her lightsaber sat. “So, please do not press me for my name.” He took a step forward towards her. “How did you survive? The Knights of Ren destroyed every Jedi at their temple. How did you survive?” “I escaped. I ran as fast as I could. Went into hiding as soon as I knew I was far enough away from the Temple. I have been on the run ever since.” Her voice calm as she spoke. Keeping herself calm and keep her mind clear. “I’m sorry for not telling you everything but it was for the best. Best for me. Best for you. Best for the resistance. I am sorry.” “Forgiven. But no more secrets. I don’t want any more surprises.” She thought for a moment. “I have one condition. Let me speak to the general alone about the altercation.” “Does she know who you really are?” “Yes. She knows the importance of keeping my identity a secret.” Pulling herself off her seat. “Any more questions?” “No,” shaking his head. It was a lie but he did not have the courage to ask her. Ask her for more of the truth about her past. She was hiding more from him. From everyone. But her past was her past for a reason. No one wanted to speak to Kylo Ren. He had a short temper and would react badly at any bad news. But they had to report news of the missing Jedis. There were only two Jedis left in all the galaxies. If there were any sightings, they must report to him immediately. It was Captain Phasma’s job to do that. She stood before the intimidating man. “Sir, a squad of troops were killed in the lower levels of Coruscant a few hours ago. We realised when they did not report back to their base.” “Who killed them?” “Two rebels. But one was a girl. She fought with a lightsaber.” His anger was flaring. “Why am I being told now?” “I have only just told, sir.” He let out a scream of rage, causing the consoles behind him to explode. “It was her!!” Roaring in rage as he left his rooms. The sightings of the girl was a sure sign that she would confront him. Confront him for he has done in the past and in the present. She had the strength and the ability to defeat him. His training was nearly finished but he was not ready to face her. She was not stronger than him but she was just as skilled as him. Their former master knew that. With her constant appearances it meant that she was more confident being out in public. “Please, don’t talk to the General yet. I need to.” Bringing her ship into the hanger. “I need to explain to her. Explain everything.” Jaina was babbling. She was nervous about confronting her mother. Jaina had risked her life and Poe’s. Something she had promised her mother not to do. Standing up, her hands visibly shaking. “Please.” Poe took one look at her and saw her nerves. He knew that she needed this as a sense of closure. “I’ll be here when you need me.” Taking her hand when she reached him. Halting her from leaving. “Calm. Face her calmly. She will see reason.” “I hope so.” His soothing words seemed to bring her to reason and a sense of calm. “Thank you,” her voice barely a whisper. The waiting was killing her. She felt like she was a child again, waiting for her mother to scold her for not doing as she was told or fighting with Ben. Again. Everyone was staring as she waited outside the General’s office. Right now, she could do with Poe’s calming manner. Never had she felt terrified of her mother. Not like this. She was a grown woman now. Not a little girl any more. Even though she felt like she was now. The door opened, where members of the Resistance left the office. Each of them not acknowledging Jaina, which she was grateful for. “Come in, Maia,” the soft voice of the General drifted from the office. Taking one deep breath, she entered her mother’s office. “General.” “What happened, Jaina?” Her mother sat behind a desk, papers strewn everywhere. Plans, notes. “We left our room to go for food. We needed to get out for our sanity.” She tried to make the conversation light but Leia saw past it, “Jaina.” She sighed heavily. “We were a Dex’s. Tex betrayed us. He thinks I am a resistance fighter. Well I am but when I met him, he never knew I wasn’t really. Well he did betray us. We had to fight. It was instinct, mother. I had to. I needed to.” “Jaina!” She scolded her. “You know I need you safe. You know you need to hide that side of you.” “I know mother!” Her anger flaring up inside her. A temper she had inherited from both sides of her parents. So had Ben. His temper was worse. “But lately, I’ve been struggling to hide it. To conceal my identity. The Force seems to be driving me more than anything.” Leia felt all the dread hit her shoulders. The pain of maybe losing her daughter. She was one of the last Jedis left. One of the good ones. She could not bare to see her daughter in agony of having to hide her true identity. To hide who she really was. “Jaina, you know the risks. If Snoke finds you, I don’t want to lose you to the dark side too.” “You won’t.” Bowing her head slightly and quickly leaving the warmth of her mother’s office. Ignoring her calls for her to return. Her mind was set on one thing to get away from all the hustle of the resistance. All wanting to ask questions about her and Poe’s mission. Or failure. Slipping into her own ship to hide. Hide away from everyone. From her seat, she could look out at the lush green hills. Ships flying up and away from the planet. The bustle of the resistance still moved on while she hid away. Afraid to face everyone for her failure and her lack of thinking when it came to fighting. “Maia?” “Come in Poe.” Not turning at the sound of his voice. “Don’t worry. I’ve sent R5 elsewhere. Somewhere more useful. Plus he is annoying when I’m upset.” Wiping away her tears with the back of her hand. “Take a seat.” Slowly, he took his place in the co-pilot chair. “What is it? Were you reprimanded for what happened?” “Yes. But not because of the mission. But because I endangered our lives.” He reached over and took her by the hand. “Maia, you did what you thought was right. You saved us both. It doesn’t matter who you are. You did what was right.” Jaina felt conflicted. In her heart she knew she had been right to fight with the weapon of her choice but her head said that she had been wrong to reveal her true identity. “But...” He cut her off, “no. You were right. Don’t doubt yourself.” “I shouldn’t but I do. I always have done. Family things.” Poe noticed that she avoided looking at him when talking about her past and her family. He never pressed but today he felt like he could. “What happened to your family? You never talk about them.” “I’m estranged from them. My brother especially. My Dad died a few years ago.” Still avoiding his eyes. “He was the only one I was close to. He taught me how to fly.” Her free hand ran over the nearest part of her ship; the control panel. Releasing her hand. “I spoke with the General before I came to you.” “And? What did she say?” Feeling lost without his hand in her own. Shaking away the feeling, she listened to what her mother had said to him. “She wants us to go into hiding. Particularly you. She wants to protect you and she was adamant about it.” “No. I need to stay here. I want to stay here. We weren’t followed. I doubt we were tracked. So we are safe. No. I insist we stay.” Pulling herself to her feet and striding to the entrance. “Maia, stop. Listen to me. I understand why the General wants us to go into hiding and I understand why you want to stay. But I actually agree with you. We should stay. We would be no use for the resistance if we are in hiding.” Reaching over and took her hand in his. “I told her that. I told her that we needed to be with the resistance.” He moved to lean towards her Instincts took over her and mirrored him. She shifted forward to him. Her voice a whisper, “thank you.” They were close. “You’re welcome,” his own voice a whisper too. He made the move. He leaned forward more and pressed his lips to hers. There were no more worries for them both right at this moment. Nothing matter any more. High above them, a ship approached the planet. Returning after many days away, the Millennium Falcon was returning to D’Qar. Bringing Luke Skywalker back. Back to the resistance. Bringing hope with him.