Drowning “Cap’n, look over here?” “Kid, what is it?” Captain Cadhla held out his hand. The teen didn’t hesitate in handing over the monocular to Cadhla and quickly points out into the vast space of blue. It’s only a vague instruction to where Cadhla should face. “Water creatures!” “Water creatures?” He repeats back. “My Mam use to talk about things like them. They’re mermaids, I think, beautiful creatures of the sea, cap’n.” “Mermaids? Nonsense. Those are just myths; stories your parents use to say to charge up your imagination.” He says. He took a look through the scope and out into the area where the kid points to and he can see why the child had thought of fictional monsters. In the distance, there’s someone in the water. He can see pale skin and red hair bobbing with the movements of water. As soon as the person realize Cadhla spotted them they dove down into the waters. There is no mistaking the blue tail that had followed. It’s definitely a creature and one he’s never seen before. Not that beautiful and mesmerizing. They resurface, this time closer. Whoever it is, their hair spill over their shoulders and touch the water just barely. Strands of it splayed out and move with the waves. They are just next to the boat so that the captain can lean over and see that whoever this is, has eyes that are a striking blue just like the clean coral reef waters. Few strands of necklaces wrapped around the throat of the person. Shells and gold that shimmer in the light. Gold like that could cost a few hundred coins alone. A creature, itself, can cost thousands if captured. They plunge back into the waters and Cadhla got to see the tail again. They appear again but a little farther away and when their eyes met Cadhla’s they motion him to follow. “Ricky!” Cadhla yelled. “Turn more to the left!” “Captain?” Ricky’s reply sounds distant to Cadhla. “Do I need to repeat myself?” “No cap’n, right on it.” Cadhla jogs to the bow cast deck to get a better sighting of the mermaid. There he leans over the railing to continue watching the mermaid arise out of the water and gaze back at the captain. They wait for the boat to come closer before going under and coming back up further. The process repeating a few more times and each time Cadhla catches a glimpse of vibrant red hair he feels himself wanting to drown with it. Cadhla instructing Ricky to follow along and there didn’t seem to a be a protest from any of his crew. Instead, it caught the curiosity of other crew members who now gather to see what the captain was so enamored about. Like the captain, they were also captured by the tail that followed the stranger into the water. It was the red h that had caught everyone’s eyes. It had been an hour later when someone yelled out. Heads turned as they noticed the sudden group of heads that surround the boat. They swim along and many flash their tails and wave at the others. “There’s a lot of them!” “Seems at least five!” “One of em waved at me!” Cadhla couldn’t, didn’t want to, to tear his eyes away from the first mermaid. Hair a blazing red that contrast the seawater kept bobbing in and out of the water. He didn’t dare lose sight of that one, not when it’s leading them somewhere. “Capt’n, where are we heading?” Cadhla tenses his body and rips his gaze from the sea to Ricky. Then to the front where he could see the way they now face. There, the shore’s close but jagged rocks spell danger and block the way to land. It didn’t take long for Cadhla to connect the dots. They’re steering right towards a crash and if they didn’t turn the ship at that moment they’d have more than pretty sea creatures to think about. Pretty things that lead them to death. “Ricky! Turn the ship! And quickly.” “Aye, cap’n!” There’s a slow shift in the boat that causes everyone to lean but not a thought seems to pass their mind as the rest of the crew points out to the sea. But it seems that the ocean was not on their side. Not in their control. A large wave hits the side of the boat, spraying water all over the surface. It rocks the ship and Cadhla grips the sides to hold himself. While he’s lucky to have something to hold onto a few of his crew didn’t. From the distant, a few heads of the mermaids disappeared into the water and Cadhla knew where they’re headed. The screams of his men are heard and he watches them scramble above the water for air, their arms waving and gripping nothing before they submerge again and never come back up. With the scene over his crew is silent. Dawning realization of what event unfolds before them and in seconds all eyes are on him. “Quickly turn the ship! You all will be next if we hit those bed of rocks!” Another wave hits them and it’s much harder than before. If any stronger his ship will capsize. And that is no doing of the sea itself but the mermaids below. This is their territory, their magic they control. Cadhla realizes, they were done the minute the monsters got their attention. Their ship still heads toward the jagged rocks and they couldn’t turn unless wanting to face the oncoming destruction of waves. And, when they all catch this, Cadhla swore to himself if he survives this he’ll hunt down the mermaids. Starting with the one that got to him first. He’ll have the red hair hanging on his next ship to prove what will happen if any other creature dares to trick him again. “We’re not going to make it.” He announces to the crew. “And once we hit those rocks you all better swim towards the shore. As fast as your short legs get you!” No reply is given to him. He looks out the ocean, the one he’s sailed for weeks and breaths in. It’s betrayal clear as he watches the creatures, ones that he naively followed, wait for the ship’s impact. The ship jerks and Cadhla held tightly to the railing. Splintering wood flies out and the ship gives a low groan of complaint before leaning to the side. He witnesses his crew scramble and a few jump into the water below. Only a couple resurface. And even they plunge back into the water shortly after. Cadhla reaches for a knife and feels the ship turning to its side too quickly. Soon he’ll be unable to stand on it and it’ll slowly sink down to the sand where only fishes can touch what use to be his cargo. There’s no salvaging it now but there is enough time for him to save himself. As long as he reaches that sandy beach. Cadhla prays one last time to the gods and swears for revenge, even in death before jumping into the water. He breathes in, holding it tightly when the water takes him and it’s not even seconds later when he feels the strong grip on his arm. The knife in his hand he swings it, as hard as he can in water, in the direction he assumes the mermaid is at and feels the grip let him go. He takes his chance and begins swimming towards the surface. The water is clear enough for him to open his eyes and looks behind him to witness a different creature, her teeth bared out at him, lunge to grab him. Her eyes are red with fury and Cadhla knows if the water wasn’t there to muffle noises he’d hear a demonic screech from her mouth. Her nails are sharp as claws but he swings the knife at her and she recoils to avoid being sliced by him. He kicks the water and continues to swim towards the shore, repeating the process a couple more times. He wants to hit land soon before she gets backup and a knife can only do so much. The waves engulf the rocks and recede back before attempting again. Sea foam sighs when hitting the sandy shore and leaving wet imprints. The only thing off from the perfect view is debris of wet wood being lifted onto the sand. Hux prefers it like that. The beach with no human in sight and the only reminiscence of them being washed away by the ocean. Even the day is clear and warm, enough for him to lay himself flat out on a rock and carelessly splash water on himself to stay hydrated. He's content, especially with the week's work. There's a watch he's stolen sitting in his den as a memory of the shipwreck from earlier, it sits among the other treasures he gathers and he smiles just thinking about it. He breathes with the movement of waves. His tail lazily flicked water on him but a soft crunch of sand stops him midway. His eyes snap towards the beach where he sees a man freezing on the spot Hux catches him in. He is a familiar man, he realizes. Hux once stared straight into those eyes before but now they rage with anger. His face contorts from fury to a wicked spark that makes Hux's skin prickle. There's another sound of splashing water and Hux jumps off the rock before hearing the sound of metal clashing onto the rock. He shouldn’t be alive, Hux thinks, but it’s too late now and Hux needs to go. He doesn't get away unscathed, though. The hand that graces his body and metal piercing his scales barely register but he acknowledges the smell of his blood and something wrong happening. It sets his body into panic and he scrambles deeper into the wet sandy bottom and away from his attackers. There's shouting, curses thrown at him but that quickly become silent when he dips his head into the water. "He's escaped." Someone growls. "He's injured, though, he won't be able to go far with that." "Find the bastard." Hux doesn’t stop. He swims into the edge of the shore, around three miles away from his original destination. He notices the low throb whenever he moves his tail and when the adrenaline begins to wear off the smell of blood and pain is unbearable to him. The fishes smell it and the shark sitting on the side of the reef begins to follow him. There’s no energy for him to swim away or fight him off. There’s no hiding place for him either. The shore proves dangerous but Hux couldn’t get back home. Not with his tail like this. Hoping luck is on his side Hux settles near a group of rocks to inspect his wound, a deep gash that has a couple of scales of his digging into the tender flesh. If Hux doesn’t die by a human’s hand now he’ll probably bleed out right on the rocks. His hand gingerly touches the area around his tail, hoping to somehow stop the bleeding even if only by a little. But when there’s a scuff of boots he tenses and almost prepares himself to jump and swim, again. “Hey, woah there, are you alright?” Notes: Find me at Space-Girlfriends