Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “The choices we make about the lives determine the kinds of legacies we leave.” - Tavis Smiley, The Other Wes Moore: One Name, Two Fates Finn kept a firm grip on his blaster, walking quickly down the hallway towards the room where Rey was being kept. He looked at one of the security screens, watching the live feed of Rey. She sat patiently on the cot, weaponless and without any supplies. Finn stood there, scratching his chin. He hadn’t seen her so close or so calm in more than 3 years. He glanced up when he heard running footsteps approaching. Poe ran up to him, his cheeks pink after running from Transportation. “Is it really her?” Poe asked. “Yes,” Finn said, stepping back and gesturing at the feed. Poe looked down, holding his breath for a second before asking, “is she back? Has Luke seen her?” “No. She surrendered, but I wouldn’t expect anything from her. She’s still First Order.” “BB is asking after her. What should I say to her?” “The truth. Rey is here, but we can’t trust her.” Finn looked up when Poe put a hand on his arm and smiled grimly at him. He tried not to linger on the face that this was the first time Poe had touched him so comfortably since the breakup. Ironically, Rey had been part of the events that brought them together romantically and now, it seemed, platonically again. It seemed there was nothing like a traitorous prison capture to force aside the lingering awkwardness between exes. Finn swallowed and nodded at Poe, walking over to the door of the room where Rey was kept, squared his shoulders, and opened the door. Rey had removed her outer tunic when Finn returned She sat on her cot, staring off into space, silent and tense as ever. Finn could see why she had become such a compliment to Ren. When she had onced exuded a focused, dogged, hope, now she had a controlled power about her. She felt like a pressurized canister. Finn wondered if Snoke had sought her out simply for her goal-centered patience. She was an invaluable foil to Kylo Ren’s insecurity, self-hatred, and rage. “It’s been a long time.” Rey said, looking at Finn. Her expression was controlled, but Finn could see the deep exhaustion and pain. He’d known her once, even if she’d just spent 3 years in bed with the First Order. "How's Poe?" "Fine." Finn said too quickly. "Trouble in paradise?" Rey said, raising an eyebrow. "We broke up a few months ago. It was amicable." Finn said, trying not to snarl. He didn't want her trying to use Poe as leverage if this went south. "Wow, I have missed a lot." Rey said, blinking in surprise. “You were the one that left.” Finn said flatly. “That’s true.” Rey said, looking away and picking a speck of mud off of her boot. “I was training for a while and then was under the guidance of the Supreme Leader.” “So how has it been being Snoke’s servant? It must have been great to go from starving on Jakku to following orders from Kylo Ren.” “The dark side freed me.” “Snoke controlled you and you know it. You killed people. Good and innocent people died on your orders.” “The Supreme Leader is wise.” “Snoke will kill you for getting yourself captured.” “The Supreme Leader knows his plans and the truth. He will bring order to the galaxy.” “We won’t let him. He’ll kill you for the failure.” “The Supreme Leader is wise.” Rey said, but there was a hesitation in her voice, now. “Why do you keep saying that?!” “I don’t know!” Rey snapped, “I don’t know why! It’s just the first thing that pops into my head!” “He’s conditioned you to trust him so that he can control you!” “Get out.” Rey snarled, suddenly, something dark leaping into her eyes. “You are not in control here.” Finn barked back. “Get out!” Rey shrieked at him. Finn felt the metal barrel of his blaser shift next to his leg and heard a crunching sound. He glanced down and saw the muzzle had been crushed like a tin can. He backed away,watching tears well up in Rey’s eyes. He slipped out of the door, a little disturbed at the sight. He hadn’t seen Rey cry since Kylo Ren murdered Han Solo. Perhaps she was now mourning the death of her ignorance of Snoke’s true nature or she was trying to deceive him. Finn leaned against the wall of the hallway outside the room. At moments like this, he felt the less-pleasant side effects of Force Sensitivity. Rey’s distress was actually overwhelming to him. Finn took a deep breath, steadying himself and shutting Rey out of his mind. Luke could handle Rey’s emotions when he arrived, but Finn had work to do in the meantime. He walked to the secure storage room. The guards didn’t hesitate to allow him inside, recognizing Commander Finn immediately. Rey’s saberstaff and supply pack were waiting on the table for him. He walked over and noticed a knife on the table as well, likely pulled from Rey’s boot. You could take the girl off of Jakku, but you could never take the scavenger out of the girl. He unzipped Rey’s bag carefully. He doubted it was rigged, but in this day and age, he’d rather be safe than sorry. He had nothing to worry about. Finn sorted through Rey’s belongings slowly, laying them on the table. Rey was still a very restrained and frugal person, judging by the single spare set of clothing and minimal supplies she’d brought on this mission. Rey’s clothing was surprisingly soft and Finn found himself caught off-guard by the amount of gray shore wore. The material had looked black from a distance, but now he saw that Rey dressed in shades of dark gray. Finn pulled her garments aside to see more basic supplies. He pulled a hairbrush, shoes, tooth brush, tooth cleaning powder, and a towel from the bag and laid them aside. At the very bottom of the bag was a large black garment. He lifted it up, feeling the material. It was much larger and coarser than anything else. He lifted the garment up by the shoulders, watching it fall taller than him. The black tunic was much too large to be Rey’s. He knew it must by Kylo Ren’s. Finn grabbed an empty pack from Supply, filling it with the clothes and other non threatening items Rey had brought. He held onto the sircoat, hoping he could use it for leverage, if Rey was uncooperative. He stared at it for a moment, remembering the sight of Ren at Starkiller Base four years ago, the rage in his expression, the dark red glow of the lightsaber on his face. Finn shook himself, bringing his thoughts back to the present, and walked back to Rey’s room. He scanned his palm and the door slid open quietly. Rey glanced up at him, then at the bag, but didn’t speak. She sat up and moved towards the head of her bed wordlessly, turning her eyes back to the blank wall next to her bed. Finn lay the bag at the end of Rey’s bed. She reached out and grabbed the handle, but didn’t open it. “Do you want the robe?” Finn asked, watching her face. Rey turned, her hazel eyes narrowed. “I thought you’d have some respect for property.” “Not a traitor’s property. Besides, it’s not yours. It’s Kylo Ren’s.” “Same difference,” Rey murmured. “Oh, that’s sweet. Has he proposed yet?” Finn asked, rolling his eyes. Rey’s grip on her bag tightened. Touchy subject, Finn thought, stepping back to sit by the far wall, the robe still in his hand. “Why don’t you tell me why you’re here and I’ll give you this.” He said, lifting the robe up. “I’m here for Skywalker.” Rey said, “I told your soldiers that boarded my starship. I have information on matters that concern him.” “And Luke Skywalker is supposed to come running whenever you call?” Finn asked, raising one dark eyebrow. She’d apparently grown arrogant during her time away. “For this, he should.” Rey said, “I left the First Order.” Finn wasn’t sure what surprised him more, her words or the regret she spoke them with. He stood up and crossed the room, angry at her presumptiveness. Rey was strong in the Force but she couldn’t just rejoin the Resistance on a whim, “You expect to rejoin the Resistance? How do we know we can trust you?” “I do not want to rejoin the Resistance.” Rey said firmly. “I want to speak to Skywalker.” Finn paused and leaned against the wall by the door, one hand on his blaster. He paused and looked at Rey for the first time, inspecting her carefully. She was very still, exhaustion rolling off of her in waves. There were dark circles blooming under her eyes like bruises, contrasting sharply against the white of her skin, which was paler than he’d ever seen it. She did not look well and when he reached through the Force, he realized how taxed she was, physically and emotionally. She had not rest or eaten since they had captured her, almost a day ago and her body seemed to be handling the deprivation even more poorly than usual. He wondered if she was ill for there was a frailty and defensiveness in her emotions that hadn’t been there the last time he’s seen her, as an ally or as an enemy. “Do you need something to eat? I don’t know when you left, but you’ve been here all night. I know the First Order is big on structured mealtimes.” “Ren had me eat before I left,” she said, glancing at him, “he always did, before every mission.” Finn stared at her, his eyebrows coming together. “You really love him.” He said. “Yes,” Rey said without hesitation, “he taught me everything. The Supreme Leader has made him strong.” “Then why are you here? ” Finn growled, his grip on his blaster tightening. “Because I am pregnant.” Rey said, looking away from him and at her gloved hands. Finn took a deep breath, unable to find the words to communicate his shock. The Resistance knew Ren was particularly fond of Rey and that they were believed to be a couple, but the idea of them having children was astounding. Finn stared at her and saw her look at him. Her gaze was steady, but he saw the fight leave her. There was still defiance in her stance, but he saw her accept both her condition and the finality of her position. She was never going back to the First Order or to Kylo Ren. Tears shone in her eyes again, but Finn realized some of that might not be false. Exhaustion, emotion, and grief could actually be driving her towards this. Finn couldn’t decide either way, but he didn’t have to worry much longer: he could feel Luke Skywalker’s presence. He turned away from Rey, dropping Kylo Ren’s sircoat onto the floor behind him, walking out into the hallway. Finn looked down the hallway, feeling both anxious and relieved by Luke’s approach. He waited several moments until he saw the jedi round the corner, his robes flapping around him. Luke was white-faced when he reached Finn, R2D2 and Poe trailing after him. “Only you have seen her?” Luke asked. Finn nodded, mouth dry, “Luke…” “What?” Luke asked. “She said was was pregnant.” “Draw blood and test her, now.” Luke said, looking at Finn and Poe. “Only the the three of us see the results.” Luke, Poe, and Finn sat awkwardly in the med bay, watching the little machine process Rey’s blood, scanning for various conditions. The report was printed after the longest hour of Finn’s life. Luke looked down at the report. His blue eye widened, then he turned to the tech, “Destroy that sample and clear the results.” Luke held onto the paper, then walked back to where Rey’s things had been kept. Luke passed the report to Finn. He scanned the report, glancing past the blood sugar and cardiac report ot the little box at the label at the bottom. Finn held his breath when he saw the text PREGNANCY: POSITIVE. Finn leaned against the table and held the paper out to Poe and pressed his hands to his eyes, resting his elbows on his thighs, “So it’s true.” Poe stared at the paper for a second, then looked between Luke and Finn, “What do we do now? We can’t just let her go and we can’t kill her and if we hand her to the courts, they’ll have to publicly reveal her pregnancy. How long will it take before the First Order breaks down our door to get her back, do you think?” “They don’t yet know we have her,” Luke said, his face grave, “but you’re right. We can’t hand her to the Third Republic or let her go. We’ll have to decide something else. First, let’s see why she came here. She wanted to be captured and I want to know why.” He stood up, giving Poe and Finn a splitsecond to collect themselves before they walked down the hallway again. Finn crossed in front of Luke, pressing his hand to the security panel and letting the jedi enter first. Luke stalked into Rey’s room. “Your results came back,” He said, passing the sheet to Rey. “How did you know?” “Personal test. I took one while investigating something for the Order.” “Why did you come here, Rey?” “Because you are the only one who has a hope of keeping this child from the Supreme Leader,” Rey said. Her voice was flat, emotionless, and matter-of-fact. Whatever trust and affection she had felt were gone, replaced by a cold honesty, unencumbered by ceremony. This was a matter of necessity for her alone. “You believe your master would harm your child?” Luke asked. “I believe my child will be second to the greater purpose of the Supreme Leader and I can’t risk that. It will die.” “Die?” Poe asked quietly, “Snoke will kill your child?” “Not intentionally,” Rey said, “The Supreme leader wants trained soldiers, new knights for Kylo Ren. He will see the power of this child and want him trained as soon as humanly possible, too soon.” “What does Ren think?” Finn asked, leaning against the door. “He doesn’t know.” “It is Ren’s, isn’t it?” Poe asked quickly, standing up straighter. “Yes.” “You haven’t told him?” Poe sounded very confused. “No. He’s too close to the Supreme Leader. I had to leave. I couldn’t risk him, too.” Luke stared at Rey. Finn knew Luke had never really believed the rumors of Rey’s attachment to Kylo Ren, but now he had the proof in front of him, both on the paper in Rey’s face. She actually seemed to care for Ren. “I can feel Ren ,now. I was supposed to contact the First Order ages ago. He’s scared for me.” Rey murmured, “They haven’t found my ship yet. Do you have it or did you leave it?” “We left it. I am sure there are trackers on it.” “There are,” Rey said, looking down, “he’ll figure out where I am, now.” “And where are you?” Luke asked, “You’re our prisoner? Our ally? You can’t just waltz in here and be welcomed back. Why should we trust you?” “You don’t have to trust me,” Rey said, “just hide me until the baby is born.” “And let you take it back to Snoke?” “No,” Rey said, “if you want to arrest me after the baby is born, fine, but wait until it’s safe.” “We’ll hide you.” Luke said, looking at her, “I’ll have Leia make something up, a reason for the 4 of us to be out. No one will know about your pregnancy.” Rey nodded, “Thank you, Luke.” “I’m not doing this for you. I’m doing this for all our sakes.” Luke said, walking out of the room. The three men left Rey alone. Poe stared at the video projection,watching Rey curl up, clutching Ren’s sircoat and pressing her nose into it. Poe watched her, his eyes were sad, “This is going to be hard for her.” “Why do you care?” Finn asked. “She saved BB-8. I gotta believe there’s good there.” Finn hoped he was right. ***** Rey took a deep, steadying breath. She tightened her grip on Kylo’s sircoat. She closed her eyes, pressing her face into the fabric. Skywalker, Finn, and Dameron were standing outside of the room, probably watching her. She should sit up, keep her face fixed, and reveal no weaknesses to them, but she couldn’t. She hadn’t slept in at least a 24 hour cycle, probably longer, and she had little energy to put on a facade. Skywalker knew she was pregnant and had agreed to shelter her. There was nothing else left to worry about on that front, at least not yet. Part of her knew that, if she feel asleep, she would dream of Kylo Ren, which she couldn’t bear yet. She closed her eyes, curling herself around the sircoat as sleep finally closed up around her. Rey felt like she’d barely closed her eyes when she was awoken by a sharp jab in her shoulder. She sat up slowly, putting a hand up to gently push the Resistance fighter’s blaster away from her, “Don’t point that at me.” She muttered, looking into the tense face of the guard. The mirialan was young, probably some new recruit or a grateful refugee looking for a way to repay Organa and her organization. She was tempted to spook the young fool, just to demonstrate his frightened state, but figured that would get her shot. “Put your hands out, slowly.” The soldier said, pulling cuffs from his belt. Rey held her wrists out, allowing them to put the cuffs on. She heard the little mechanism inside charge up. They didn’t trust her. Good, she thought, it means they’re not too stupid to keep me alive. The fighter stepped back, “Alright, stand up slowly and come this way.” His voice was tense and shaky. Rey almost felt pity for this poor soldier, obviously stuck in command when he had no experience or talent for command. How desperate was the Resistance if they were giving official positions to adolescents who could barely fire a blaster accurately. She rolled her shoulders and stood, “Should I bring my belongings?” “No,” the soldier said, too quickly, “you’ll be coming here.” Rey reluctantly put Kylo’s sircoat down and stood there awkwardly for a moment, “Are we going to start moving or just stand here gazing lovingly into each other’s eyes?” One of the Resistance soldier’s blinked, caught off-guard by her sarcasm, and Rey resisted the urge to laugh. The original soldier moved behind her, nudging her with his blaster out the door. Rey walked from her cell to Leia’s quarters, passing through long hallways. People stopped and stared at her as she passed. She smirked as their hands flew to belts, looking for some comfort in their weapons. The guards that were with her all had their blasters primed. Rey wondered if any of them actually had any idea of what she could actually do. The dark side pooled around her, but she left it be. Her own strength was sufficient for now. Sykwalker and Finn were waiting by the door to what Rey assumed was General Organa’s office, both calm and collected in their posture. Rey could feel the general’s presence behind the door and the general’s frustration. The old woman must be having a hard day, which would make her irritable towards Rey’s presence, at best. At worst, Leia Organa would be hostile, which would put Rey in danger. Rey felt anxiety tighten its grip around her throat for a moment, then took a deep breath to calm herself. She wasn’t weak or vulnerable here, whatever they might think or feel. “Do not try to escape.” Skywalker said, pressing a hand to the scanner by General Organa’s door, his blue eyes cutting through Rey like a knife. “Trust me, if I planned to escape, you’d know.” Rey muttered. Why would she try to leave? Where could she go? General Leia Organa sat at her desk, straight-backed and proud. Her gray hair was styled in a single braid wrapped around her head. She looked almost exactly as she had “I’d heard you were here.” Organa said, her brown eyes focused on her face. Rey could feel the general reaching out through the Force to see what she was thinking and how she was feeling. The general’s powers were limited due to her lack of training, but she was very confident in them. Rey pulled the Force around her, creating an artificial shell around her, keeping out Organa’s probing mind. A soldier grabbed Rey around the arm, guided her around a chair, and sat her down in front of General Organa. Rey leaned back in her seat, holding up her bound hands “Love the accessories.” She said, wiggling her wrists within the cuffs. “Do you think you’ve got these in gold? Silver’s not really my color.” “We’ll get right on that.” The general muttered, "I think the armed guards are a bit much.” She said, waving them away gently, “A jedi and a captain are sufficient.” The young mirialan let out a little noise of hesitation, but Organa turned her sharp brown eyes on him and he fell silent, inclining his head and walking out of the office with his troops. “I thought you would at least wait until they’re adults.” Rey said, watching them leave, “That mirialan looks barely full grown, much less able to command a squad.” “Concerned about the welfare of my soldiers?” The general asked, raising an eyebrow. “Not particularly,” Rey said, “but killing children is more difficult than adults, emotionally.” “Not for Kylo Ren, apparently.” Finn snarled from behind her. “I said difficult, Finn,” Rey said, rolling her eyes, “not impossible. Besides, he gave them a chance.” She heard a shuffle as Finn took a step forward and Luke threw an arm out to catch him. It was rather fun to watch Finn squirm like this. He pretended to be in control and perturbed, but he wasn’t built for this life. So much freedom strained him. “How is my son?” The general asked quietly when Finn settled back against the wall. Rey felt Luke tense behind her and call on the Light side to calm himself. “He’s very well. He was when I left him,” Rey said. The general’s eyes were like Kylo’s and discussing him while looking into such a familiar face was too much; Rey looked down at her cuffed hands curled in her lap. “How long has she been here?” Organa asked “27 standard hours.” Finn said. “I see.” Organa said, turning her head to look Rey in the eye, “And she came willingly?” “She surrendered when we aimed an ion cannon and all of our laser cannons at her.” Finn muttered, “So she mostly just avoided getting blasted out of the sky.” “If you are as good at firing your weapons as you are at hiding your bases, I would be more concerned if you were aiming for Hosnian Prime,” Rey said, frustration bubbling bitterly inside of her, “Oh wait !” Organa stared at Rey, taken aback by the outright cruelty of the joke, “What happened to the girl from Jakku?” She asked quietly. “She got strong.” Rey muttered. “She got pregnant.” Skywalker snapped. Rey’s jaw twitched. The general looked at her, “And the father is…?” “None of your business.” “Kylo Ren.” Leia Organa looked at Skywalker, “You want me to smuggle her out of here? Make it look official?” The old Jedi nodded and the old woman sighed. “It will take some time.” She said, “I’ll find some mission, smuggle her onto the ship off the ledger. You’ll need Chewbacca. His bowcaster will put her down if need be.” Rey bit the tip of her tongue, thinking of the star-shaped scar on Ren’s waist from that same bowcaster. She remembered how he’d been bruised there for months afterwards, even when she’d joined the First Order. She was strong, but was certain that she did not want that gun to be used on her. “I’ll also send a doctor, someone trained with combat medicine as well.” Organa said, scratching at her chin, “What are your plans afterwards?” The general asked, her gaze sharpening. Rey looked up at her, resisting the urge to recoil under her searching eyes. “I have none.” Rey said. “The Resistance is my plan.” “I’m supposed to believe that getting pregnant made you good?” The general sneered. “This isn’t about good and evil. This isn’t about order or chaos. This is about power and control. It always is and always will be.” Rey snapped, her hands twitching within the cuffs now. “The dark side still has its talons in you.” Leia said. “The little girl who destroyed Starkiller is gone,” Rey said, “I am the dark side, Leia and so is your son. This child will be safe and then, when it’s old enough, it will be powerful.” “You came here to prevent your child from being a weapon and yet you want to make it a weapon on your terms.” The general said, leaning forward in her seat. “My child will be strong.” Rey retorted, curling her hands on the desk. The dark side swirled around her and she felt the edge of the desk bend beneath her grip. “Kylo Ren’s heir will be just as great as him. This child will be strong in the Force and you know it! I won’t leave him or her weak just because you pretend to have morals!” The general’s face went white. “That’s enough!” A strong hand closed around Rey’s arm, yanking her upright. Rey turned and found herself facing Luke’s blue eyes, which were cold as ice, “You’re going back to your room.” “You mean my cell.” Rey snapped back. “Call it what you want.” Luke retorted gruffly, marching her out of the door. “Does your master know you are here?” Ren asked, circling her. Rey took a shallow breath. She hated feeling pinned this way, but knew it was the only way he’d feel secure around her, for now. “Luke Skywalker is not my master.” Rey said, bitterness coiling inside her stomach. She saw Ren pause, his masked head tilting slightly. He walked closer to her, “What is this darkness I see in you, scavenger?” “I’m done being restrained.” Rey said, remembering Luke’s efforts to control her, to limit her. She’d spent her entire life relying on Plutt for her survival, forced to take his insults, but she did not travel across half the galaxy to be treated like a child. She had to keep herself safe and Luke Skywalker was too weak to give her any real weapons. “What makes you believe my offer still stands?” Ren asked. His unlit lightsaber glinted in his hand, but Rey was more concerned with the weapon he wielded with his other hand: The Force. Rey shoved out against the unseen bonds wrapped around her. Kylo Ren stopped his pacing and took a step towards her. Rey was tired of this back and forth. She drew all her frustration and exhaustion into her chest, cutting through the bonds with the white-hot rage that filled her. Kylo Ren took a step back, raising his hand. He was expecting a fight, but Rey only kneeled down, hearing his adjusted breathing change. “I, Rey, swear myself to the Knights of Ren and to the First Knight, Kylo Ren.” She said, feeling her fingers brush against the cold metal of her lightsaber, where she’d dropped it a moment before. “I will be your apprentice. I embrace the Dark Side.” “I accept you.” Kylo Ren said automatically. Rey could feel a quick-paced excitement flood through the man before her, “but I am not your master. You will obey me and the Supreme Leader. You will learn the true power of the Force.” “What will you show me?” Rey asked. She tilted her head up to watch Ren take a step closer to her. The dark Jedi extended a hand to her, his glove cool against her bare hand, gently pulling her to her feet, “Everything.” Rey didn’t open her eyes when she heard the mechanical lock of her cell door slide into the unlocked position. She took a slow breath, savoring the memory of Ren’s gloved hand in hers for another moment. “Sit up, put her palms against the wall,” A voice called through the comm. Rey sighed, standing up and walking over to the wall to place her palms against the cool metal walls. She wanted to punch something, but thought of her precarious position and thought better of it. She still didn’t feel like getting blasted. A familiar beeping reached her ear and Rey pressed her lips together. She hadn’t seen BB-8 since she’d left to see Luke. She could hear the excitement in the droids rapid beeping. Rey wondered if the pilot had told BB8 that Rey had left the Resistance, or if the droid thought she had been with Luke this entire time. “Stay back!” A guard’s voice barked. Rey heard the sound of a stun baton charging behind her and heard BB’s queries as to why? she couldn’t go to Rey. The guard clearly didn’t speak binary and Rey heard him swear and raise the baton, anger rolling off of him in sticky waves. Rey turned and threw him back against the far war, channelling her emotions and guilt into her grip. “Are you alright?” Rey asked, pinning the guard and turning to look at BB8. The droid rolled back slightly, her scanner practically twitching as she searched over Rey. BB8’s scanner settled on Rey’s middle for a moment and Rey clenched her teeth, knowing the droid had sensed the change in Rey’s body already. Rey pressed her finger to her lips, watching BB8’s scanner move to her face before the droid straightened and rolled back as Luke, Finn, and more guards walked inside. Rey heard another stun baton charge to her left and ducked underneath it, backing against the wall. Electricity could not be recommended for pregnant women. Skywalker's eyes met Rey’s and he stepped forward, “Leave her be.” He said, pulling his lightsaber out, “I’ll handle her.” Rey felt herself relax, leaning back against the wall. The guards filed slowly out of the door, leaving her alone with Skywalker and whoever else he’d brought. The familiar form of Chewbacca waited by the door and C3PO’s worried voice filled the quiet room. Rey looked over the familiar people: Skywalker, Finn, Chewbacca, General Organa, C3PO, R2D2, and BB8. She settled on the one face she didn’t know, a tall, dark-skinned woman with high cheekbones and intelligent brown eyes. “This is Vox Chi,” Organa said, watching Rey intently, “she’s going to be the sixth member of your ship.” “What’s she here for, security? I thought Chewbacca’s grease-mark-maker blaster was here for that.” Rey said, eyeing the woman. If she was Chewbacca’s back-up, she had to pack some serious skills. “She’s a medic with the Resistance.” “Great, so we’ve got battlefield medicine covered.” Rey muttered. The woman stepped forward, raising an eyebrow, “My training is in human prenatal care.” Rey blinked and turned to look at her. Doctors like that made good money and were always in demand, pretty much everywhere in the galaxy. She saw the General step forward, probably expecting Rey to snap at the doctor. Instead, Rey merely said, “How’d you end up stitching wounds for the General, here?” “The first Order has to be stopped and it turns out I’ve got a knack for stitching.” “Are you as good at delivering babies as you are at giving lip?” “I’m better.” Dr. Chi said, crossing her arms. Rey smirked, brushing her hair back behind her ear. She liked this doctor and saw why Leia Organa favored her; Leia was drawn to pragmaticism and an acerbic wit. “Okay, enough banter,” The General said, stepping forward, “There’s work to be done. No one outside of this room is going to know anything for now. We’re setting up a false trail for Rey’s location and no one knows where Luke is going.” “How effective do you think that’s going to be?” Rey asked, trying to bury the anxiety bubbling up inside of her, “I mean, I found this base.” “You found where some of our ships were parked, but not the base itself.” Organa said, raising her eyebrows defiantly, “I doubt even you could have found our actual base, not without getting blasted out of the sky and dragged here.” Rey huffed, “Okay, fine.” Frustration prickled at her and she knew she needed to keep a cool head. She didn’t want to spend the next nine months in handcuffs for being snipped with the General. Organa didn’t want to hurt Rey, not while she was pregnant, but Rey doubted that the Resistance would prevent itself from making her life as uncomfortable as they could get away with. She was the enemy, deal or no deal, and Rey didn’t see a lot of fluffy pillows and luxuries in her future, not like she needed them. “We are going to tie you down and hold you in your room until the ship is fully stocked.” Organa’s face was determined and more lined than Rey remembered seeing it. “Tie me down ?" Rey asked, eyebrows rising, “I’m not some animal that was to be chained up!” “Could have fooled me.” Finn sneered. Rey swallowed, a swift spike of darkness cutting through her. She didn’t look over her shoulder as Finn was suddenly forced back against the wall hard enough to smack his head against the hard metal. “You know what-” “Enough,” Organa said, waving a hand in exasperation, Rey, we’re going to put you on the ship at 0400 standard time, between the watches. I doubt you’ll be there more than an hour.” Rey ground her teeth together, “Fine.” She said, “Now get out.” “You can’t tell us-” Finn blustered, but Leia Organa cut across him: “Fine.” Notes: Edited to finally include reference to past stormpilot. While I love stormpilot, I don't think their relationship would last in this Universe and I wasn't sure how to deal with it. And then I remembered that they're wonderful classy men who could handle breaking up and remaining professionals and friends. So there's a lil tidbit in there for you. (New chapters are posted every other Tuesday for now, however I'll post the first 5 sooner since they're already done.) Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 “If there is to be reconciliation, first there must be truth.” - Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name : A True Story Rey did her best to sleep while she waited to be put on the ship. They’d given her new clothes, a Resistance prisoner jumpsuit, but let her put her old clothes in her bag. Rey wondered if Skywalker and Organa had totems of Ben Solo still, just like she had Kylo’s sircoat. Curling the strap of her bag around her first, she wondered if some soldier would toss her bag into the trash chute on their way to the Glass Blue just to spite her. Rey looked up as the door slid open. The mirialan and his squad walked in, followed by Finn. Rey took a deep breath, gripping her bag tightly, and stood up, “Is it time to go?” “Yeah.” Finn said, holding out a hand for her bag. Rey passed it to him, watching as he handed it to a woman with a shock of magenta hair. Rey settled her eyes on the woman for a moment, swiftly searching her feelings. The woman winced at Rey’s presence in her mind. “Stop it!” Finn snarled, grabbing Rey’s arm, but she kept at it. She could tell the woman was young, compassionate, and full of honor. She was intimidated by Rey, but didn’t hate her automatically. She was more concerned with grand ideas of the Resistance and the First Order than individual grudges. She joined out of a sense of duty, not a personal tragedy. Rey’s prized possessions were safe in her hands. Relieved, Rey pulled out, making sure the woman could tell she had her mind back. Rey turned her head to see Finn glaring at her, “Don’t do that!” He snapped. Rey shrugged, but said nothing. Finn glared at Rey for a moment, then grabbed a piece of cloth from his pocket. Rey looked down at it. She hadn’t noticed it before. “What is that for?” Rey asked. “We don’t want people to see your face,” Finn said, stepping closer and pulling at the edges of the cloth, opening it. It was a hood. “Don’t put a hood on me,” Rey snarled, rearing her head back. Finn rolled his eyes, “Just keep quiet.” Rey closed her eyes as the hood was put on her, then opened them. She wrinkled her nose against the rough fabric of the hood, trying to see anything through the threading. “Take this off me!” Ray said, “I’ll use the Force, make myself unnoticable-” “And escape?” Finn said, “I’m not stupid. I don’t think so. Now, shut up and let’s go.” Rey felt hands on her arms, clapping her handcuffs on her, and leading her towards the door. Rey panted under the hood. She hated being unable to see and breathe clearly. That had been the worst part of life on Jakku: the oppressive and cloying heat under the cloth she’d had to endure to keep sand out of her lungs. Rey swallowed, hemmed in under the dark hood, as large hands lead her roughly through the corridors of the ship. Rey heard a door open somewhere to her right and had a heartbeat’s notice before she was lead through it. Cool air brushed the exposed skin of her neck under the hood. She took a deep breath, glad for the fresh air, and resisted the urge to wriggle free. It would be so easy to call on the Force and send these overconfident fools flying. Instead, she was forced to endure a humiliating walk across a near-silent hangar. She nearly stumbled when they reached the loading plank of the ship, but her guards kept a firm grasp on her, forcefully marching her up onto the ship. They walked her down several tight turns and through a door that slid open with a soft noise. Rey tried not to gasp when Finn finally lifted off the hood, sateing her burning nerves with deep, calming cool breath instead. “Come on,” Finn said, walking over to the bed and leading Rey along “What now?” Rey asked, looking around her room. It was Spartan- a simple bed with a plain headboard, a desk, a dresser, and a pair of doors that likely lead off to a ‘fresher and a closet. “We’re going to cuff you to your bed.” “Excuse me?” Rey asked, turning on her heel. “We’re going to cuff you so you don’t get free.” Finn said, “Come on. Don’t fight. This isn’t about humiliating you. It’s about keeping you still. It’s Organa’s idea.” Rey paused for a moment, feeling frustration bubble up inside of her. She hated this- all of it. She walked forward to the bed, sitting down and refusing to look at Finn as she placed her wrist against the metal of the bedpost. This was utterly humiliating. Rey allowed Finn to slip the handcuffs around the bedpost to cuff her there, “Why are you gagging me?” Rey asked. “because I’m mean like that,” Finn muttered, “We have to keep you quiet, whatever happens.” Rey let Finn tie the cloth over her mouth, keeping it closed. She didn’t want to cut the corner of her mouth. Finn’s eyes lingered on her face, but he found no satisfaction in seeing her like this. She closed her eyes as the troops filed out and leaned the back of her head against the metal headboard. As time passed, it took everything she had not to fidget. Whenever possible, Rey sat very still, leaned back against the headboard, and watched people pass by her door. The cuffs dug into her wrists and the cloth Finn had put over her mouth cut in a little, but she knew it could be so much worse. Rey rested her temple on her hands, watching the footsteps of the people loading supplies onto the ship. It took ages for them to keep unpacking everything from supply or wherever. Rey hoped they were bringing on was good. As the noise of the crew passing through settled into a low hum, Rey let her mind wander to her own body, taking stock of herself. Her stomach rumbled; she’d need food very soon. Other than that, the aches in her body weren’t pressing and she could probably get by with a long break in the ‘fresher and a decent night’s sleep. After a while, Rey allowed her mind to wander, thinking back to the last time she’d had any real sense of security, before she’d found out she was pregnant. She could remember that moment exactly: when she’d first woken up in the morning, exactly two weeks before she’d left the First Order. She closed her eyes, settling back into the memory, letting the comfort and warm wash over her. She hadn’t opened her eyes immediately, choosing to curl up tighter under the thick blanket on her bed instead. Ren had sensed her waking and reached out tentatively, tracing up her arms and into her hair, “You have to to wake up.” He had murmured, bringing his face closer to hers so his breath brushed over her ear. “You’re the one who wakes up late.” Rey had reminded him, allowing him to pull her closer and wrap his arms around her. “Why are you so happy?” “I don’t know.” Ren had actually sounded unsure, but his doubts had scattered when she buried her face in his neck. The serene peace she felt evaporated as the ship rumbled into life : they were taking off. She opened her eyes, looking around as her body slid away from the headboard and her weight settled on her wrists. She yelped, trying to turn her hands and grip the metal bedpost, fighting against the pull of gravity on her body. The least they could do was actually secure me, rather than just chain me up, Rey thought, grimacing around her gag at no one in particular. She heard a dull roar as the engines hit the atmosphere and sighed when the weight on her wrists eased and they leveled off. Footsteps echoed in the hallway next to her for a moment before her door slid open with a hiss. It was Finn, blaster drawn and trained on her. Rey rolled her eyes; it wasn’t as if she planned on trying to escape. He didn’t need a weapon unless he planned on hurting her, which would be uncommonly stupid. He crossed the room, settling on the bed next to her. The lamp next to her caught the beads of sweat on his dark forehead. His frustration, anger, and anxiety rolled off him with a strength that caught her off-guard. “If you bite me, I will punch you.” Finn said reaching behind her to untie the gag. Rey rolled her eyes at his dramatism. “Why are you so angry?” Rey asked, watching Finn’s dark eyes. He didn’t look at her, but ground his jaw, glowering. “You’re a prisoner, not a project.” Finn said, “I don’t know why they don’t just drop you in some high-security box, snag your kid, and leave you to rot.” “Careful,” Rey said, trying to smooth away confusion at the venom in his tone. He’d been angry at her from the moment she arrived, probably since her desertion nearly four years ago, but she hadn’t expected him to be so blatant about his desire to punish her, “that sounded almost like something a darksider would say.” “You’d know, wouldn’t you?” Finn said, hauling her ungraciously to her feet when her hands were free. “I would.” Rey said, standing up a little straighter. His discomfort at the comparison hadn’t been lost at her. The man was untrained and probably had no idea how much he was projecting and how vulnerable that left him. Walking up through the main curling hallway, Finn kept one hand on his elbow and marched Rey into the main room, sat down, and chained her to the table. “Am I going to be tied up everywhere I go?” “Yes,” Finn said immediately. “If you prove that you’re a threat, we’ll give you more leeway.” Luke said, sighing, walking back in the room, “She’s our charge, not our prisoner.” “I’m not going to be putting up much of a fight for long, anyway,” Rey said. “You’ll definitely have the upper hand before long.” Rey glanced down at her bound hands. “Your wrists are going to be bruised tomorrow,” Dr. Chi said, sighing. “Please be nice. I don’t want to have to treat hairline fractures in your wrists in a few weeks.” “I’m not the one being mean!” Rey said, “I haven’t done anything to deserve this!” She said, wiggling her restrained hands. “You mean besides D’Qar?” Finn asked venomously. “That’s different.” Rey said quietly, “that’s war.” Finn snorted and crossed his arms. “Can we focus?” Dameron chimed from his place at the far end of the table, taking a swig of his cafa. “Right,” Finn said, his tone becoming much more businesslike. There was the Commander Finn, cog in the bureaucracy, that Rey had been looking for, “We’re going to have to work together to maintain the ship,” Finn said, “all of us.” Rey rolled her eyes, “Of course. I’ll scrub freshers with my hands in cuffs because I owe you all so much for saving me.” “Someone will have to handle meals…” Finn said, glancing around. His eyes settled on Chi for a moment too long and snorted. “You think I’m able to cook because I’m a woman? I went straight from school, where I had no money for food to cook, to the Resistance, where someone else did the cooking.” Dr. Chi said, raising an eyebrow at Finn. “I’ll do it!” Rey said. “No.” “I fed myself for years.” Rey snapped, “Just because-” “Alright! Alright!” Finn said, “Rey will handle feeding everyone and we’ll just have to trust that she hasn’t poisoned us. Anyone volunteering to scrub ‘freshers?” “How about we approach it this way,” Skywalker said, sitting down at the table next to Dameron, “Everyone is responsible for cleaning their own room, we’ll work together on the training hall and-” “Has anyone checked if this ship has any maintenance droids?” Rey asked suddenly. Rey heard the dull sound of BB8 rolling over to her, “Designation [GENERAL ORGANA] has equipped transporter [BLUE GLASS] with maintenance droids.” “Any cleaning droids?” Rey asked, turning to attention to the droid. “Series [CL CLEANING DROIDS] : Model [CL 89] : Designation [CL 89-607], Designation [CL 89-609]. Series [T3 UTILITY DROIDS] : Model-” “It’s okay, BB,” Rey cut across her, “I just needed to know about the cleaning droids. Thank you.” “What did she say?” Finn asked, looking down at BB8. “You still don’t know Binary?” Rey asked, frowning, “You’ve been friends with her for 4 years and you still can’t understand her?” “That’s my business,” Finn snapped, “What did she say?” “There are two cleaning droids on board. That should be more than enough.” Rey said, “They’re CL Cleaning Droids, so they’ll engage on a regular schedule.” “Well, that simplifies my life.” Dameron said, leaning back in his chair and grinning, “I’ll just focus on flying this thing.” “Good enough for me.” Dr. Chi said, rubbing behind her ear thoughtfully. She glanced over at Rey, “When did you last eat?” “It’s been awhile.” Rey admitted. “Hang on,” Dr. Chi said, standing up and walking to the galley storage cabinets. She snagged a packaged bar and tossed it to Rey, “It’s standard rations. It’s not very tasty, but you need the nourishment more than taste right now.” Rey took a bite of the compacted bar, chewing slowly. It was solid, tough, and rather tasteless, but she was glad for something . “The Galaxy’s Best and Brightest, ladies and gentlemen,” Rey muttered. She brushed some falling strands of hair behind her ear, debating whether she should just go back to her room. They might not even let her go on her own, but it was worth a chance, just to get some peace. Rey stood up and saw Finn’s hand move to his blaster, “By the Force,” She snapped, “I just wanted to go to sleep. Can I do that without an armed guard?” “Well, you’re not exactly a good person, are you?” Finn said, standing up, “so we’re not gonna let you go.” “Then unchain me and walk me back!” Rey snapped. She felt the darkness rise and twist around her. There was a sharp snapping noise and the pressure on her wrists lifted dramatically. She looked down and saw that, in her anger, she’d snapped the loop Finn had fed her handcuffs through. She heard a small mechanical whine and turned her eyes towards Finn. His blaster was trained on her, charged. “Finn…” Skywalker’s voice was calm yet firm as he stood up, “Leave her. She lost her temper, that’s all.” “Kylo Ren loses his temper and destroys whole comm panels, why would she be any different?” Finn asked. “You have to trust-” “Trust her?” Finn snapped incredulously. “Trust me .” The aging Jedi said seriously. Finn turned his eyes onto Skywalker, searching him for a moment, then back to Rey. His gaze flickered over her face for a second, and then down to her abdomen. She followed him and realized she’d put her hands protectively over her front without realizing it. Finn sighed and put his blaster back in his belt, “Sorry.” He muttered. “Is there anything else you need, or can I go?” Rey asked, trying to put aside the fear that had “Actually, Rey,” Dr. Chi said quickly, “I need a private interview with you.” “Why?” Rey said, so tired she didn’t even care how whiny she sounded. “Basic information about your background, your health care, and things like that.” Dr. Chi explained, waving her hands. “Why not them?” Rey asked immediately, nodding at Dameron and Finn. “This is about your prenatal health, Rey,” Dr. Chi said, “I have their most recent physicals, anyway.” “Do I have to do it with these on?” Rey asked, holding up her hands. Dr. Chi said “no” at the same time that Finn said “yes” and Rey resisted the urge to stomp her foot or use the Force on the cuffs. It was Dameron, actually, who broke the tie. He stood up, snagged the key from Finn’s belt and slowly unlocked her cuffs, looking her in the eye, “Here.” He said gently, watching her. “Thank you, Dameron.” Rey said, rubbing her wrists. She nodded to Poe, then turned and walked back to her room, “Doctor, if you want an interview, you’re coming with me.” Rey didn’t bother to see if she followed or say a word or look back at the doctor as she walked down the hallway back to the room she assumed was hers. She tried to appear at least somewhat confident as she walked in and sat on her bed, rubbing her hands together, “What do you want to know, doc?” “We can do a more in-depth exam later,” Dr. Chi said, leaning against the doorframe, “I just want to have a basic idea about your health and the father’s health, to keep in mind for the future.” “Fine.” Rey said, grinding her teeth a little. She just wanted to be alone, just wanted to forget about everything for five minutes; Rey was so tired and frustrated she could feel the darkness scratching at the back of her mind. “Is this your first pregnancy?” Dr. Chi asked. “Yes.” “Any history of-” “Family history is out.” Rey said, “I don’t know my family or anything about them.” Dr. Chi closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. Good, she’s frustrated, too. “When was the end of your last cycle?” The doctor asked, speaking in a forced pace. “About 8 or 9 standard weeks ago?” Rey said, closing her eyes and thinking. Dr. Chi pulled a small holopad out of her jacket and scrolled through it, “General age of first cycle?” “Sixteen.” Rey looked down as the doctor looked up at her. She knew it was late. Most of her preeteen years were spent on the verge of starvation. She’d never had enough spare nutrients for things like reproduction, not until she got good, in her late teens. The doctor said nothing, nodding and moving on. “Drugs or alcohol use?” “Nothing regular,” Rey said, “I’ve had Corellian wine, but drugs aren’t my thing.” “Father’s age?” “I told you I don-” “I mean the baby’s father.” Dr. Chi said gently. Rey said nothing. Skywalker, Finn, and the General may have known she was with Kylo, but she wasn’t telling this strange doctor anything about him. It would be too easy to reveal a weakness they could use against him. “You’re not going to tell me who the father is?” Dr. Chi asked, raising an eyebrow. “No, not you.” Rey said defiantly, leaning back on her hands “Look, could you at least tell me about him?” The doctor countered, moving off the wall and walking closer to where Rey was sitting, “I want a general idea of what I’m dealing with, health wise. I know he was or is Resistance, because Leia gave me redacted files from when he was born, so I can do digging and waste my time and learn more than you want me to or you can answer my questions and we can move past this.” Her dark eyes looked into Rey’s. She wasn’t bluffing. Rey ground her teeth together, fighting the urge to kick her, “Fine.” Vox looked down at her holopad, “How old is the father?” “Early 30s” “Height?” “6’2”, I think.” Rey said, “We never actually sat down and discussed our medical history.” “So you don’t know him well.” Dr. Chi said, raising her eyebrows. Rey felt a hot spike of frustration cut through her and curled her hands into fists. Of course the doctor would assume this was a fling, “I never said that. We were busy fighting the Resistance and didn’t spend our free time taking our measurements.” The doctor sighed, “I didn’t mean to insinuate anything, Rey. I’m sorry. I know the First Order has basic physical standards all Stormtroopers have to make, but I doubt you’d have a relationship with one of their footsoldiers. Is the father from higher command?” “Yes, but he was active,” Rey said, the corner of her mouth rising in a smile she couldn’t completely stifle, “Part of our free time together was spent training sparring.” “Did he have any chronic illnesses or genetic conditions that you know of? Something that wouldn’t be in his file from birth?” The doctor asked. Rey shook her head. No, Kylo was healthy, even with the scars on his face and body, “I don’t have anything either. Or, not anything that I’ve been told about.” “I think that’s all I need,” Dr. Chi said finally, putting her holopad away, “I’ll get more about your history when I do an in-depth exam later on this week.” She turned and paused at the doorway, biting her lip, “I do have one more question. It’s a bit personal, but it’ll help me gauge your mental state.” “What is it?” Rey asked, staring into the doctor’s dark eyes. “Do you love him?” “I do.” Rey said, nodding and pressing her lips together. Emotion flooded through her, clouding her judgement and reminding her how much she missed Kylo. She turned away from the doctor, partly afraid she’d start crying and partly afraid she’d start talking about him and say too much. She heard the doctor exit the room and she sighed, hoping finally for some peace. Rey was able to sit in still silence for about three full seconds before she sensed someone walking down the hallway : Skywalker was coming to see her. “ What do you want ?!” Rey groaned, flopping back on her bed. “I wanted to forewarn you. I am going to work with you while you’re on this ship.” Luke said, standing in her doorway, arms crossed over his chest. “Why would I agree to that?” Rey asked. “Because you’re going to get more frustrated as time goes on. You’re going to get more emotional, tired, and stressed as time goes on. You need a way to keep the darkness at bay, Rey. I know you’ve felt it at the edge of your mind.” “I’ve got it under control.” Rey growled. Skywalker stepped into her room and waved his hand, closing the door behind him, “I know you didn’t mean to break that clasp earlier. You need help.” Rey looked up at him for a long moment. He looked even more old and tired than he had three years earlier. His face was lined and his blue eyes were sad. She could feel the guilt and worry he felt about her. Serves you right, She thought, I could have been your apprentice, but you were so focused on controlling me that you couldn’t accept my power. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 “You never understand life until it grows inside of you.” ― Sandra Chami Kassis Rey sat down in the training room carefully, crossing her legs and looking at Luke Skywalker. She withheld the urge to fidget with the edge of her pants and forced her spine to stay straight as Luke sat across from her. As Luke settled himself on the floor, Rey self-consciously tugged her shirt away from her body. There was no way he could tell she was pregnant, but she still felt awkward about it. “Are we meditating?” Rey asked, rubbing her knee and not looking away from Skywalker. “Not in the typical tense.” The aging Jedi said, “I want you to tap into the Light.” “Are you kidding me?” Rey huffed, rolling her eyes. “I said I was going to train you,” Skywalker said, “We’ll start with traditional meditation and then move into something else.” “Fine.” Rey grumbled, closing her eyes and rolling her neck. She closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. “Calm yourself,” Luke said slowly and gently, “breathe in deeply and out deeply. Think of the Force, feel it and reach into it.” “I know how to meditate, old man.” Rey muttered, a flicker of frustration flashing through her. “Who is teaching whom here, Rey?” Skywalker said calmly. “You are teaching me.” Rey said, unable to keep the pouting note out of her voice. “Correct. Now, feel the Force and reach into the Light. Surrender your frustrations, hesitations, feelings, and worries to it. Let go of all of your aches and pains and embrace the serenity.” Rey found, with difficulty, she could pull her mind away from the ache settling into her lower back and her frustrations at Skywalker. She reached out and felt Luke and everyone in the ship: Poe was at the helm, humming contentedly with BB8 at his heels, Finn was in his room working on something, judging by the tension she could already feel in his shoulders, and the doctor was in the med bay, reading or doing something else quiet and contented. Skywalker’s voice broke through her spiritual exploration of the ship: “Focus on yourself, Rey. The Force lives in you, too.” Rey resisted the urge to roll her eyes, but reached her consciousness beyond the ship or her own body, into the Force itself. She felt the Light for a moment before Skywalker cleared his throat. Rey opened her eyes, struggling to keep her tenuous connection, and looked at him as he stood up. “Follow my movements,” Skywalker said, “Feel the Light. Call it to you and through you.” He slowly moved, stretching his arms out. He turned his foot out away from his body, bending at the knee. Rey huffed again, stood up, and mirrored his motions. Rey reached over her head, spreading her fingers and reaching deeper into the Light. She found her own grasp on the dark side loosening, although its tether to her was still strong. She could sense the Force flowing through Skywalker. He was serene, more than she’d ever seen. As Rey reached outward to her next form, keeping her back straight, she thought of Darth Vader. Kylo Ren had spoken about him with reverence, but Rey had always wondered about his downfall. How could a man so secure in the dark side have been seduced by the light so quickly? Even she, immersed as she was, felt no serious desire to abandon her power. Rey couldn’t find her answer, but decided one thing: there was no way Luke Skywalker could ever abandon the light side of the Force. He thrived in it more than she ever did. As they moved through each form, with each breath, Rey felt the great, bright warmth of the Light settle into her chest. She could sense Luke as he moved and found she didn’t have to look at him frequently to match his movements. A powerful sense of understanding and connection filled her; for an Order that swore off attachments, the Light spent a lot of time building connections Rey’s weight fell effortlessly into the last form, her feet in front of each other, her body turned and her arms stretched out, one before her and one behind. She blinked, noticing out of the corner of her eye that Luke’s hand level with hers. It was unnerving to be so at peace so close to someone she wasn’t allied with, someone she didn’t like. Rey straightened, pulling her hand in closer to her body again, not looking at him. “That, Rey, was the Light.” Skywalker said gently, inclining his head to her. “Is that all?” Rey whispered, trying not to betray her own feelings. “Of the Force?” “For today.” Rey said flatly, looking at her bare feet, her shoes in her hand. Skywalker was silent for a moment and Rey could feel his pale eyes cutting through her until he finally said: Yes, you may go.” Rey avoided everyone for the rest of the day, sneaking food from the galley and eating alone in her room. BB8 came to check on her, but didn’t press or disturb her, which Rey appreciated. She spent most of the day both thinking about and avoiding any conclusions on what had occurred that morning. She didn’t agree with Skywalker. She didn’t agree with Skywalker. Luke Skywalker was a glorified hermit that pledged himself to a path that couldn’t protect him. He had forsaken power and security in order to keep the moral high ground, Rey reminded herself. She was not so foolish. However, try as she might, Rey couldn’t shake the memory of the peace she’d experienced while engulfed in the light. After several hours, an itch appeared in the back of her mind as she thought about her experience, one she couldn’t settle. She finally broke, throwing her shoe across the room out of sheer frustration. At the same time, she felt Kylo reached out to her through the Force. He barely brushed the edges of her mind, sensed her frustration and pain, and retreated, burning with fury. Rey didn’t bother to correct him. ***** Rey looked up when Finn walked into the kitchen, reading a holopad with a grave look on his face. She nibbled on a tasteless ration bar in a brave attempt to stave off her daily morning sickness. Her only consolation was that most women get over it after the first trimester. She had less than a month before she could put the memory behind her. “Have you seen these transmissions?” Finn asked Poe, holding up his holopad, frowning. “Which ones?” Poe asked warily, rubbing the side of his mug with one thumb. “The Knights of Ren are tearing apart the galaxy, looking for something.” Finn said, shaking his head, “Twisted monsters, all of them.” “They’re not monsters.” Rey said quietly. “Excuse me?” Finn snarled, whirling on her. “You think too much about good versus evil and right versus wrong.” Rey said, sipping glass of juice and enviously watching Vox pour a steaming mug of caffa. The doctor had insisted she give up caffeine and alcohol, the sadist. “What do you mean?” Luke asked carefully, cutting across whatever angry retort Finn had been prepared to level at her. “You are so worried about how you are different than the First Order that you miss on how you are alike. The Resistance is a large and independent organization, so is the First Order. The Knights of Ren operate independently of the First Order, but they still have to eat, move undercover, and maintain contact. You think of them as a group of mindlessly violent psychotic maniacs, but they’re not. They function much closer to the Jedi generals of the Old Republic than even bounty hunters.” Rey took another sip of her juice as they all stared at her, “Kylo Ren may be your enemy, but he’s not thoughtlessly violent and pure evil. You disagree with him and you fight against him, but you have to remember that he’s also a person, with flaws and merits.” “How can you defend him?” Finn said, exasperated. “You’ve seen what he’s done, you’ve helped. Think of what he’s done to me, to Poe, to the galaxy, to you.” “What has he done to me?” Rey asked, frowning and sitting up straighter. “He changed you.” Finn said, lowering his voice, “You used to be-” “Vulnerable.” Rey interrupted, “I was weak, exposed, and dependent on others. He taught me how to defend myself, how to use the Force, and the power of the dark side.” “No one is all good or all bad. You may hate Kylo Ren, but he’s not some mindless creature intent only on killing. He has faults and virtues, just like you. He’s not a monster. He’s not evil. He’s not insane.” “Virtues.” Finn scoffed, “I was a Stormtrooper under him, Rey. I’ve seen first hand the kind of virtues he has.” “I was his apprentice and his knight.” Rey said carefully, keeping her temper at bay. If she got angry now, Finn would just brush her aside, “I’ve seen the kind of person he is with his mask off, when it’s his friends around him, not just the soldiers under his command. He trains all of his knights himself. Kylo watches us, helps us become strong and healthy. He never berated me when the light tempted me or I failed. He holds himself to an impossibly high standard, but he was temperate and kind with us.” Finn stared at her, open mouthed. “I fell in love with him for a reason.” Rey muttered. “You fell in love?” Finn asked, raising an eyebrow. “Hence the reason we are here.” Rey said, rolling her eyes. It wasn’t like she was some 10-credit prostitute on the seedy side of Coruscant. She’d been Kylo Ren’s whatever-she’d-been for a while, although Finn seemed to have forgotten “What- oh.” Finn said, looking thoughtful, like his mind had been opened to some new possibility. “What?” Rey asked. Finn looked down, “I just figured- I'd started to think- I thought he forced you to be his apprentice, to join the dark side, to- well, everything .” Rey felt something inside snap and a dam in her chest broke. “He didn’t rape me!” Rey shouted, standing up and glaring at Finn, “Everything about our relationship was mutual and consensual.” “Rey, I just mean- well, he gets into people’s minds and-” Finn bleated, but the comment only angered her further. She was stronger because of Kylo, happier because of Kylo. The dark side had made her strong, but the light only saw things in good and evil, right and wrong. People like Finn couldn’t accept strength or power or attachments born out of the freedom of the dark side. “I love him every bit as much as he loves me!” Rey shouted, slamming her fist on the table so hard that Vox lifted up her caffa, afraid it would spill, “You can’t separate the me that is here from the me that you met on Jakku and from the me that was a knight of Ren, so you villainize Kylo so you can wrap your mind around this. It’s pathetic and weak and I won’t allow it.” Rey heard the tightness in her own voice and felt a hot prickle behind her eyes. She was crying from a mixture of frustration and hurt, but refused to let the tears fall She missed Kylo, but weakness in herself wasn’t something she was going to tolerate, especially in front of Finn. Finn looked at her, mouth still open. He finally closed his mouth and looked at the floor, “I didn’t realize-” “Well, you should have,” Rey snapped, turning away. She’d lost control with Finn, which she hated. Finn was bitter and snide and she couldn’t let him see her break, ever. The room sat in cold and awkward silence for a long moment until BB8 rolled in curiously and Poe broke the tense moment: “Is he really so different?” the pilot asked, sounding genuinely curious. “Yes,” Rey whispered. She stood and walked out of the room, unable to spend another minute with any of them. ***** “Okay, so I get Rey isn’t due for another 6 months,” Poe said, but have we thought about where we’re going to go after this?” “That is something we need to consider,” Luke said, “I am fond of all of you, but I would like to interact with people who aren’t you at some point in the future.” “I’ve actually thought about that a bit,” Vox said, leaning across the table a little, “If at all possible, this child needs to spend his or her first 2 years on a human-compatible planet. Not a ship, a planet.” “Can it be green?” Rey said without really thinking. If she was going to spend her two years somewhere, she’d like to stay away from harsh places like Jakku “I’m done with sand.” “I see no reason why not.” Luke said, clearly pleased that Rey was taken an interest in their plans. In the three weeks since her argument with Finn, Rey had begun to open up more to the other members of the crew, who in turn kept their opinions and news of the war away from her. This system was imperfect, but kept the peace on the Blue Glass intact. “You are his or her mother.” Poe said, sipping his caffa and nodding. “Yeah, but not really,” Finn said flippantly, his eyes on some form or transmission on his holopad. “What’s that supposed to mean?” Rey asked, turning to face him. “I mean, you used to be Kylo Ren’s lover. This kid is his. You still use the dark side and you don’t exactly have a personal history that screams ‘Engaged Parent Material’.” Finn said, not looking up at her. Rey felt like she’d been slapped in the face. She’d been cordial to Finn ever since their fight, but clearly, his bitterness had not abated. “Well, you’re just going to have to get over that. You can’t take it away-” Rey began carefully, “Technically, we can.” Finn said, looking up at her, his eyes narrowed. “Finn,” Skywalker began, but Rey was already on a warpath. “How dare you!?” Rey snapped, digging her nails into the table as she felt the cool power of the dark side collect on the edges of the room, drawn in by her fury, “You can’t just keep me here for nine months and then send me away!” “You’re still a traitor and a murderer!” Finn snapped back, setting the holopad down and turning his furious gaze on her, “How long before you turn us over to Kylo Ren again? One the kid is old enough to train, you’ll take him or her back and you’ll send the First Order to our door! There’s no way you can keep it! There’s no way you can be trusted not to turn us in again. You’re obviously in love with Ren still. How can we ever trust you?” “I gave him up for them!” Rey snarled, standing. Fury pounded through her, obliterating all thought or reason, “I gave up everything for this baby and there is no going back!” Everything around her bent. Reality curved, fractured and blasted outward as shadows blurred her vision. “Rey!” Rey stopped and turned to glare at Skywalker, whose blue eyes were as hard and cold as ice, then took stock of herself. In her frustration, she’d called upon the Dark Side without meaning to. It coiled around her like agitated smoke, ready to be used or dismissed. Rey chose the first option, not looking at Luke. She slammed Finn back in his chair, shoving both back against the far wall, pressing him against it. The chair was bolted to the floor and it made a horrible shrieking noise that she ignored. There was no way in this galaxy she was going to let Finn tell her what to do or how to raise her child. There was no way she would allow this disrespect to continue any longer. Part of her wanted to destroy him, to remove this threat, to let the Dark Side swallow her and him and to choose her own destiny again. The rest of her felt his fear and the fear of everyone else in the room. None of them wanted to separate her from her child, but she didn’t care about that right now. Now, all she cared about was her anger at Finn and the power she had to sate her fury. “Rey, you can’t sustain the dark side like this!” Skywalker pleaded, “It has side effects. You know this. Your baby isn’t even fully developed. How will this affect them?” “I can’t-” “You have to.” Luke said firmly, reaching a hand out to her, touching her arm, “Do you love your baby?” “Yes!” Rey said, tears welling in her eyes, her voice cracking. “Do you love Kylo Ren?” “Yes.” Rey was hiccupping, trying to keep her voice coherent, even as the Force raged within her and around her. “You you want your baby, Kylo Ren’s child, to live, to truly live- whole and complete and healthy, then you must let go of the dark side.” “But how?” “Surrender to the Light.” Skywalker said. He spoke like it was the easiest thing in the galaxy, like he was asking her to take a deep breath, “Just surrender to the Light. Give up the dark side.” “If I give up the dark side, I’ll have no power. How can I keep myself safe?” Rey asked. “We’ll keep your safe. And you’ll keep us safe. Rey, you and i both know you lost the man you loved the moment you got on that pod. Don’t lose your child, too.” Luke said gently. He was right. Rey knew he was right. She couldn’t tell him that, couldn’t humble Rey closed her eyes and reached into the Force. Immediately, she saw her own conflict, the light blooming in her chest and the dark dominating her head and limbs. On consolation, the one thing she noticed that kept any hesitation away was the tiny flicker of light in her abdomen: her baby, shielded by the light the whole time. Rey took a deep breath. She thought about Jakku, about the lonely nights and biting sand and scavenging for pants and hunger and fear and Unkar Plutt and the times she’d killed bandits for her own safety. She thought of the First Order, of the battles they’d fought and the villages they razed and the crooked men they had bribed and dealt with and the Stormtroopers she’d ignored in their silent suffering and the fear and pain Snoke had leveled at her. Rey thought about Kylo. About his temper and fear and loneliness and how he was as much a balm to her as she was to him. He was gone from her forever, or she was gone to him forever. The pain of it rose up and nearly overwhelmed her. But then she thought of her child- his child- cocooned in the Light. This child could live, could really live and be loved. This child could escape all that pain and fear if only she could loosen her grip, could let go of her power, could trust her friends. If only she loved her child enough. And she did. ***** Rey walked into the practice room. Skywalker wasn’t there, but Rey selfishly wanted to train a little and beat him at sparring today. His combative hold on the Force was much stronger than hers, which frustrated her to no end. She settled into her usual routine: Jedi forms, jogging, and lifting things with the Force. She had stopped using the dark side and had found her skill with the light lagging behind her master. The doctor had stressed light exercise, but Rey knew her own body. She could handle her training for a few more weeks. She looked up when Skywalker walked into the training room. He wasn’t dressed for combat training, but was wearing heavier and looser robes, which he reserved for their few meditation only days. “Master?” Rey questioned, turning on her heel to face him, “Is something wrong?” “I’m not going to spar with you,” Luke said, “you have to do some physical work, but not more.” “Vox got to you, didn’t she?” Luke smiled at her. Rey rolled her eyes, sitting down on the mats, “but you still want me to medicate on the Light side of the Force?” Again, Luke smiled and Rey swallowed down her frustration. Late that night, Rey lay awake in bed, staring at her blank ceiling. She lay very still, keeping her eyes closed for a long time. Now that she had some sense of safety and security, she found a new feeling was crawling its way slowly up her throat. Her bed was comfortable by traditional standards and she knew this, but it was also colder than she was used to. She technically fit into it, but she actually missed the way Kylo crowded her sometimes when they slept off the base or off the Finalizer. Rey missed him. They bed was only a symptom of the actual problem: she missed Kylo Ren. Her mind lingered on Kylo. If he was here, he be the one lying awake, not her. She always always fell asleep before him. He tended to lay on his back, reach across the space between them, and tracy lazy patterns on her back or arms or hair until he rolled onto his side. He would put an arm around her, probably her waist, and finally find enough contentment to sleep. After what felt like hours, Rey gave up. She wondered if a midnight snack would help, or at least make her feel better. She crawled out of bed and wrapped herself in a shawl, creeping down to the galley without waking anyone. She passed the bridge and saw she wasn’t the only one awake. Poe Dameron sat at the helm, watching the scanners and the dark skies. Rey slipped passed him, pouring a hot sweet drink Vox had recommended for her. She made a mug for herself and for Poe. She walked back to the bridge and sat down beside him, “Here, I brought you something to drink.” Poe started, but recovered quickly, “Thank you.” he said, accepting the mug and watching her, “It’s late, shouldn’t you be sleeping?” “I’m still not used to sleeping alone anymore.” Rey said quietly. “I didn’t think…” Poe began, but Rey shook her head and said, “Poe, Ren and I were not a one-time thing. We’ve were together more than a year. I may have spent most of my childhood alone, but I had grown used to having him there.” “Oh.” Rey looked at Poe for a moment. She could almost see his mind racing as his eyebrows come together. She reached out to his mind without invading it, reading his general thoughts and realized he was trying to picture her and Ren like a happy, contented couple out of a holodrama and was having trouble. Rey snorted as he pictured Kylo’s helmeted head on the charming torso of a well-dressed man enjoying a picnic with his lady love. “You guys shared a room?” Poe asked, leaning back in his chair and trying to school his features into a more attentive expression, ”for how long?” “About a year and a half,” Rey said, “I trained with him for like 10 months and then Snoke took over my education.” “How long until you started dating?” Poe asked, eyebrows raised. Rey shrugged, “We never really dated.” “You were never exclusive?” “Kylo Ren isn’t the kind of person you call your ‘boyfriend’,” Rey explained, “We just, gradually fell in together. It wasn’t something we talked through. It just happened.” “Wow. Nothing can ever be easy for you, can it?” Poe teased. “No, not really.” Rey said, laughing. “You did love him didn’t you?” Poe asked. “I do, yes.” Rey said, looking at the stairs in front of them. They were cold and distance. When she was a child, she had looked at the stars at a promise that, somewhere, out there, she was wanted and loved and had a family. Now, Rey knew the stars were distant and unfeeling. They burned too hot to see the troubles of others. “When did you realize you were in love with him?” Poe asked gently. “I realised I had feelings for him during my training, when I was still his apprentice.” Rey said, “But I did not have a dramatic epiphany and declare him to be my great love.” She said sarcastically. “When did you figure it out, though?” Poe asked. “I can show you.” Rey offered, looking at Poe, “I’d have to enter into your mind, however.” “I think I’ll live,” Poe said, “Let me see this non-dramatic turning point.” “Okay,” Rey said, turning and putting a hand to his face. She closed her eyes, calling upon the memory and drawing it to the forefront of her mind. Poe took a deep breath as the memory washed over him. Kylo and Rey stood bleary-eyed and quiet in the ‘fresher. Kylo sat on the edge of the tub, brushing his teeth with his eyes closed. He was shirtless and his pale torso with criss-crossed with silver stars. It felt intimate to see him like this, like he was intruding on something cherished and trusted. Kylo was barefoot and sleep-headed. Who knew a Jedi got bedhead? “That’s not a very dramatic.” Poe said as Rey withdrew from his mind. “No, Rey said, “but it’s what happened.” “Why did you fall in love with him?” “Why did the Supreme Leader see potential in me? Why did you remain with the Resistance?” “I don’t understand you.” “How could I not love someone who taught me how to belong and how to be strong?” “You were always strong.” “Not in the way I am now.” Rey said, sipping her drink and looking out at the stars, “Please, Poe. I’m tired. I don’t want to argue this tonight.” “Okay.” The pilot said. He let the comfortable silence settle between them as they both watched the sky outside. ***** Kylo Ren’s anger was overwhelming. He was destroying half a forest on whatever planet he was on. Rey gave up on her forms, too overwhelmed by his anger, and sat down heavily on the floor. She felt his fury rage on and on and the destruction was startling. Unable to stand it, she opened herself up to him, trying to get him to see she saw alright, hoping he’d settle himself. He did not. Instead, Kylo paused for only a moment before he went back to whatever he was doing, ignoring her. Ren shut Rey out of his mind sharply. She choked back a sob, opening her eyes to see Luke’s shadow ahead of her. She hadn’t heard him come in, but he’d clearly sensed her distress. Luke put a hand on Rey’s arm, “I didn’t realize…” “That I still check on him? That I still care?” Rey snapped, kneeling on the mat, “Well, I do!” “Rey…” “No,” Rey turned, looking up at Luke, wiping her eyes, “He’s not a monster or a fling. I care about him as much as he cared about me and now…” She took a deep breath, her throat closing as tears blurred her vision, “now I’ve lost him.” She pressed her hand to her forehead, unable to stop herself from crying now. She pulled her knees up, trying to quiet her thick and choking sobs. She heard a quiet rustle of fabric as Luke kneeled next to her. He was going to judge her for this or write it off as hormones. He didn’t understand how or why she could love Kylo and be here. She didn’t want to hear a lecture from him or a dissertation on the mysteries of the Force, but she couldn’t muster the words to tell him to leave her alone, so she curled herself up tighter. Luke slowly wrapped his arms around her, his beard brushing against her hair, and held her tightly as she continued to cry, “I may not know the Kylo Ren that you do,” Luke said gently, “but I miss him, too.” Rey nodded, unfurling herself to let Luke hug her close to his chest. Her cheek pressed against the coarse fabric of his robes and one of her arms curled around the ever-growing curve of her stomach. She felt Luke take a shallow breath and glanced up to see there were tears in Luke’s eyes, too. Rey was not the only one here who had lost people and sacrificed things for the good of the galaxy. “He hates me,” Rey murmured after a long time, wiping her eyes, “He hates me and he shut me out.” “No, he doesn’t.” Luke said, “From what our spies have seen, the First Order still believes you have been kidnapped and are being imprisoned by the Resistance. Ren believes your thoughts are being monitored by me. He’s a man who believes the woman he loves is in danger. That’s not hate your feeling, Rey. That is desperation and fear.” Rey leaned back and nodded, “When he finds out, he’s going to be so betrayed.” Luke looked at her for a long moment, then down at his hands, “War was never easy, but I am sorry you are caught in the middle.” Rey turned her head to search his face, taking in the blue eyes too old for his age, the lines on his face, and the gray in his beard. “Thank you, master.” She murmured, standing up and walking to her quarters without another word. ***** “Have you thought about names?” Vox asked, gently rubbing a sensor over Rey’s exposed belly. “Yes, but I haven’t picked one.” Rey admitted, staring at the ceiling, “It’s a little hard when you don’t know what you’re having, much less who, you know?” “Trust me,” Vox said gently, “You are not the first parent to agonize over this.” “I want to work the name Quorvin in there somewhere.” Rey said. “Why?” Vox asked, turning her dark eyes off of the displays and onto Rey’s face. “Quorvin was a scavenger on Jakku. He worked under Unkar Plutt for a while, then worked off his debt and helped me when I was first scavenging alone on the big destroyers. I would have starved without Quorvin. He gave me portions when Plutt decided he needed to ‘stop being soft’ on me.” “What happened to him?” Vox asked, reading a particular screen intently, “Is he still on Jakku?” “No,” Rey said, sighing and closing her eyes, “He got tossed into the sinking fields. He didn’t want to give up his haul and paid the price for it.” “I’m sorry.” Vox whispered, turning to Rey and watching her. “It’s alright.” Rey said, swallowing back her emotions, “I- I don’t want to sound callous, but Jakuu was like that. People just died.” “I’m sorry.” Vox said, “I do have some good news: we’re at the point where we can see the sex. Would you like to know?” “S-Sure.” Rey said, resisting the urge to hold her breath. This was all suddenly feeling more real. Her baby was a person, a person with a gender and a name and a personality, one day. Vox moved the little wand around carefully, her eyes focused intently on the display. After a moment, she smiled, pointing to the screen, “Okay, so here is baby’s head. Now, this over here means you’re having a boy.’ “A boy?” Rey stared at the vague shifting display, unable to process the reality. A boy. She was going to raise a son. Tears pricked her vision as she thought of the man this tiny blur would grow into. Would he have the Force? Would she be enough for him? Would he look like Kylo? “Rey?” Vox’s gentle voice broke through her thoughts. Rey’s through closed, but she took a deep breath and stuttered, “I-I’m sorry.” “It’s okay.” Vox said, “This is an emotional process. Are you excited?” “It’s just so much.” Rey said, “On Jakku, children are a liability. I didn’t think I’d ever be in a position to have any.” Vox nodded, helping Rey sit up and fix her clothes, Well, I’m here every step of the way.” “Thanks, Vox.” Rey said, getting to her feet and smiling to herself. ***** Rey reached out tracing a thumb across Kylo’s mask. He had kneeled down before her, watching her rest. She’d been injured by blaster fire while fighting the Resistance the night before. Arya Ren had carried her to safety, but the First Order had won the battle, so Rey was content. “Are you hurting?” Kylo asked, not moving away from her touch. “Not really. I’ve felt worse.” “Forgive me. I was prideful and reckless. I should not have gambled with your safety.” Kylo Ren said, looking down at the floor. There was a new and large scratch in the front of his mask, embedded with dirt and grime. She wondered if he’d removed it since the battle. “Why not? You gamble with yours. Because I’m a woman?” Rey asked, trying to sit up and wincing as pain flared in her side. She touched the bandages, hearing Ren’s voice modulator glitch as he made a noise of protest. Rey sighed and lay back down. Even after a year of training and a month as his knight, she still felt unprepared for the realities of war. However, what she lacked in experience she made up for in strength and power. Rey lay down and watched Kylo’s mask. He might be able to hide his face from her, but his breathing was irregular; her condition greatly disturbed him. “Because you’re my knight.” Ren said, his voice thick even through the modulator. Rey lay back on her pillow, looking at him, sighing, “I’m not your student anymore, Kylo. You made a mistake and someone got hurt. That someone happened to be me.” Kylo said nothing, his shoulders hunched forward. Rey reached out, pressing the catch behind his head to release his mask, glad he didn’t protest. She pulled it off of him, careful not to cuff his head, and set it aside. He looked exhausted. His skin was pale, purple shadows stood out like bruises under his dark eyes, and his scar stood out sharply against his skin. Rey could see the guilt, frustration, and pain in his face. “Tell me, would you be this upset if I was any of your other knights?” Rey murmured after a moment. “Yes,” Ren said, looking her in the eye. He was lying. She could see it in the way his lip twitched and he tried to keep his face neutral. He’d never lied to her like this before. She sat up and winced, a hand flying to her side. Rey glanced up and saw his eyes widen as every wall he had crumbled down. “I know you’re lying,” She said, sensing his guilt, his fear, and his longing through the force. This was more than compassion or even favor. This was real and genuine affection. Rey sat up, pressing one hand to her mouth and the other to her belly. Her son kicked encouragingly. A son. Tears welled in her eyes. Vox had told her a few weeks ago she was expecting a boy, but in the past few days, another man had dominated her thoughts again: Kylo Ren. Rey looked outside the window, watching the Raydonian night sky. She was due any day now, although landing on a planet yesterday had definitely made it all feel real. She was having a baby, her baby, and soon. Oh Force, Rey thought sleepily, lying back down, please let this all be as simple as possible. ***** “I hate this!” Rey groaned, hugging a pillow and closing her eyes. “I’m sorry.” Finn said, passing her the cup of ice chips Vox had left for Rey. He was supposed to wait with Rey like Vox and Luke set up the med bay because, apparently, Rey wasn’t going to actually give birth for several hours. “Just think, it’s been three hours. You only have so many more to g-” “Finn! We’ve got company!” Poe shouted over the intercom from the cockpit, his voice urgent, “Luke, take over “Emotional Support Duty. I need Finn to scout the surface, now!” Finn met Rey’s strained face, then touched her arm as Luke gave some generic response over the intercom, “You’re going to be fine. This will all work out.” “I can tell you don’t believe that.” Rey said. “Give me 10 minutes out there and I will.” Finn said lightly. “Come back in 1 piece.” Rey said as Luke stepped through the door Finn nudged her arm and grinned, “You too.” He waved and walked towards the door. “How are you?” Luke asked, sitting next to her. His blue gaze was gentle and he lightly touched her face, smoothing her hair out of her eyes. “I’m not ready, Luke. I’m not ready.” Rey gasped suddenly, leaning against her headboard as another contraction passed. She hated this. This was worse than anything else. Why did people do this on purpose? She wasn’t ready to be a parent or a jedi or anything! Fear and worry swelled up in her, closing her throat and filling her eyes with tears. Luke, however, only smiled indulgently at her and put a hand on her arm. “You don’t get to decide that, Rey,” Luke said kindly, “Don’t worry, you’re okay. You’re ready.” “Come on, Rey, we’re going to walk to the med bay, okay?” “Okay.” Rey said, nodding and letting Luke help her up. As they made their slow progress to the door, Rey asked, “Master?” “Yes?” “Are you going to stay with me?” Rey had never felt the love or protection of a parent, but she needed it now. “Of course, Rey.” “Thank you.” Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “His heart is too full, and no words to release it.” - Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A. J. Fikry Finn stepped off the Blue Glass and carefully looked around, cursing the low green trees and brush. He knew Rey loved being surrounded by foliage and he had to admit that the weather was comfortable, but he felt totally blind. He’d have a better look if they were somewhere barren and dry. Even- dare he think it- Jakku would be preferable to this. “Use the Force, Finn.” He muttered, really hoping this was how the Force worked. He had so little training and experience, even as Luke’s only “apprentice” for more than three years. The war always got in the way of training. Finn took a deep breath and closed his eyes, giving the surrounding terrain up as a bad job. He reached out into the forest around him, feeling for life forms within the Force, or, the Force within the life forms near him. Most were barely blips on the radar: plants, small animals, even a larger herbivore of some kind just out of his reach, but after a moment he felt something larger and more… dense, or complicated, he couldn’t decide how else to think about it. He focused in on the thing, deciding it was what Poe had seen. He really really hoped it was just some animal or another and that he could just get back on the Blue Glass. The thing crept closer as the sky overhead darkened quickly. If Finn hadn’t been so intent on scanning for whoever their intruder was, he would have been surprised both by the speed and severity of the night. Thunder rumbled nearby as the creature reached the top of a little hill a hundred yards away and Finn’s heart fell onto his stomach: It was Kylo Ren. He pressed the call button on his comm, glad both his hand and his voice were steady: “Poe, get ready to take off.” Finn said into his communicator, watching the dark figure turn at stare at him. So, Kylo Ren didn’t know it was him. Ever since their encounter on Starkiller, whenever he’d crossed paths with Finn, Ren had attempted to destroy him with what Finn could only describe as zeal. “What, why?” Poe responded, a real panicked edge to his voice. This time, Finn couldn’t keep the tremble out of his voice, “It’s Kylo Ren. The person is Kylo Ren.” Kylo Ren walked slowly and carefully down the hill toward the Blue Glass as Poe’s voice echoed from Finn’s comm, “Finn, get back on the ship, come on.” “How long will it take you to prep for flight?” Finn asked. “Ten minutes at least.” Poe said, his voice tense. “I can buy you ten minutes.” Finn said. He actually saw the moment that Ren recognized him. He was only 30 feet away and Finn watched his spine stiffen and a cold determination settle over him. His dark robes fluttered in the winds, which were picking up speed and tossing tiny grains of dust into the air. Finn looked at Kylo Ren’s face, hidden behind a mask that was different than he’d remembered, with silver metal bands crossing over the front of his mask. Finn took a deep breath to steady himself, remembering how Ren’s saber had felt slashing through his spine. The places where his cybernetic spine met his skin itched, but Finn rolled his shoulders, tightening his grip on his blaster, preparing for the fight he knew was coming. Kylo ignited his lightsaber, his mechanical voice calm and almost friendly “Hello, FN 2187.” Finn’s jaw clenched. No one called him that anymore. Finn held his breath. He could hear Kylo Ren approaching. He had to buy them enough time for Poe to prep for flight. “Rey is here. I can feel it.” Ren said, the sarcasm evaporating from his voice, “You have failed to keep her from me, traitor.” “We haven’t been keeping her anywhere.” Finn said, smirking at the irony of him being called ‘traitor’. He felt a sudden and intense pressure on his mind and threw up walls, forcing Kylo Ren out. Frustration curled in his stomach, but Finn refused to call upon it, instead focusing on the calm determination that Luke had taught him to summon from the Light. With a final push, he forced Kylo Ren’s consciousness back into his own mind and the other man let out a low growl of frustration behind the mechanical modulator of his mask. Finn drew his blaster with his right hand, extending his left hand. He took shot after shot at Kylo Ren, who simply deflected them off his lightsaber. Most of them refracted off into the trees around them, but a few glanced back at Finn, who used the Force to knock them aside. “You’re a jedi now, are you?” Kylo Ren taunted, walking closer even as Finn fired shot after shot at him, “You think you can use the Force and cowardly weapons, traitor? You’re nothing but a defective stormtrooper!” Finn grit his teeth, shoving his anger aside and focusing on the Light. He had Rey, Poe, and Luke to protect. He couldn’t afford to be angry. Without warning, Kylo Ren’s demeanor changed with an almost vengeful fury. He closed his fist and Finn took advantage of his distraction, aiming for several shots to his right arm and shoulder, which he knew Rey had damaged on Starkiller. Several shots met their mark and Kylo Ren doubled over, grabbing his shoulder. After another moment, he let out a roar of fury, throwing out his hand and using the Force to shove Finn back several paces, knocking his blaster out of his hand “What are you doing to her?” Kylo Ren shouted. His voice was rough, even though the mechanization. Finn’s eyes narrowed, unsure what Ren was talking about. He called on the Force for himself, shoved Ren back, pulled his spare blaster from his belt, and pointed it at Ren, “Stay back!” “You’re seen me stop blaster beams before.” Ren snarled in return, fury rolling off of him in waves, “Let Rey go before I tear your starship apart!” “And you’ll kill her with us!” “I will find her! The Resistance can take her as far as they want! I will find her! You cannot keep her from me!” Kylo shouted, doubling over again. Finn aimed his blaster at Kylo’s face, but only managed to clip the side of Kylo’s helmet. The other man pulled it off in a single savage motion, tossing it aside. Stepping back into the hold of the ship, Finn clenched his jaw, the red glow of the engine lights giving his dark skin a ruddy tinge as he raised his blaster again. “We’re not keeping her,” The former stormtrooper said. Kylo Ren’s face twisted with anger and he straightened. “I can feel her pain! You are torturing her right now!” The knight of Ren shouted. “Luke!?” Finn shouted into his communicator. “What?!” Luke asked tensely. “Tell me next time Rey has a contraction. Ren’s tapped into her nervous system, I think he can feel her pain.” “Alright!” Like called. Finn waited for a moment, watching Ren pull himself up to his full height. Finn aimed his blaster at Ren’s other shoulder and pulled the trigger. Ren barely had time to deflect the blast off his saber. “How much longer until we take off?” Finn asked. “2 minutes,” Poe called, “just hang on.” Finn took another shot at Ren, but he glanced it off of his saber, growling. He nearly doubled again as Luke’s voice alterting him to Rey’s next contraction. ,“She will tell you nothing!” Kylo Ren shouted, slashing out aimlessly at the air in front of him. “We’re not hurting her!” Finn shouted back. “I can feel her pain!” “We’re not causing that!” Ren stood, sticking his hand out and reading into Finn’s mind again, but Finn repelled him. “Let her go! I can heal her! I will leave you be!” Kylo Ren blurted desperately. “We aren’t holding her!” Finn fired again, three times quickly. He clipped Ren’s arm and Ren clapped a hand there, seeing blood, as Finn took the opportunity to run onto the ship. “Rey is mine! I will never stop searching for her!” Kylo shouted, rushing after Finn. “She came to us!” Finn bellowed at him, shoving him back and yelling loudly over the wind, “She joined the Resistance of her own accord!” “All clear, Finn!” Poe’s voice echoed from this comm unit. “Hang on.” Finn said into his wrist, eyes on Kylo Ren, “Wait until I close the hangar. I don’t want him to be able to follow us.” “Hurry!” Poe said. “No!” Kylo Ren snapped back, fear and anger flooding his face in equal measure. “I can feel her pain. She’s in there, in pain. What have you done!?” Something flickered in Finn’s expression, but he hardened his features after a moment, “That wasn’t us. We’ve done nothing but help her. We’re her family.” “ I am her family.” Kylo Ren snarled, struggling as Finn shot him in the leg, “She and I, we only have each other.” “Not anymore.” Finn said, closing the hangar before he could reach it. The ship took off, leaving Ren behind. ***** Rey looked up as Vox led Finn into the Med bay, walking past the operating room and into a little rest room, where Rey was laying in a bed, cream-colored blankets pulled up and a tiny dark-haired figure curled on her chest. Finn looked exhausted and wind-swept, and he walked stiffly. Rey wondered if he’d been sitting on the floor all this time. That would definitely be a lot on his prosthetic spine. “What’s his name?” Finn asked quietly, walking to sit on the little spare cot next to Rey. “Jonas. Jonas Quorvin,” Rey murmured, kissing her son’s head again. She pressed her forehead to his and closed her eyes, tears leaking free. Ren should be here. She thought about what would have happened if she’d stayed with the First Order. She would have been in some metal medbay, surrounded by droids, but Ren would be there. She would have passed her son to him without hesitation, watched the wonder in his face as he held the little baby. But instead, Rey had Finn and Luke. She had safety and a chance to raise her son as far away from Snoke as possible. She could still feel Kylo Ren’s rage and grief, even so many light years away. Looking at Luke and seeing the deep sadness in his eyes, she knew he could feel it, too. “Hi Jonas.” Finn said, leaning closer to peer at the baby. He’d never really seen babies before, not so close. His time as a stormtrooper had been spent dealing with the more indelicate and unpleasant parts of life. He grinned as Jonas opened his eyes dazedly at him, “Oh my gosh Rey you made a tiny adorable human.” Rey laughed thickly, “Here, you can hold him.” she said, letting Finn’s strong arms move forward and scoop Jonas from her grasp. He paused and kissed her forehead, not caring that she was sweaty and exhausted. Rey pressed her lips together, glad for her friend’s support. “Hey, BB, come here, I gotta show you something.” Finn said, turning to see the little droid roll hesitantly into the room. He leaned down to show the baby to the droid. Jonas let out a little croaking noise, nearly about to start crying, but Finn looked down at him, “Hey, don’t do that. You’re mom’s not going to let me hold you if you do that. You’re okay.” He said, bobbing up and down a little to soothe the infant. Jonas quieted and yawned and BB8 let out of a low “woooooooow” noise, rolling forward slightly to get a better look at the [Designation : TINY SQUISHY HUMAN]. He looked at Rey, then at Jonas, and rolled over to her. Rey reached out and gently touched the top of BB8’s head, smiling, “Don’t worry BB, you’re not being replaced.” Rey turned her attention back to her son and, after a moment, her face broke into another smile. “Look at him,” Rey whispered, “He’s so beautiful.” “He’s so cute.” Finn said, smiling. Rey looked over at her son, settled comfortably in Finn’s arms, and felt her throat close up a little with emotion. He had a tuft of black hair, but his eyes and nose were the same shape as hers. “He’s got my eyes.” Rey murmured, “Look at him.” “He does.” Vox said, sweeping stray strands of her dark hair out of her face, “I have to borrow him to do some tests, is that okay?” She asked Rey gently, “I need to test his hearing and a few other things.” “Okay.” Rey said, watching as Vox scooped her son out of Finn’s grasp. She tried not to notice the way Finn’s dark eyes lingered on Vox’s face. “He’s a sweet baby,” Vox said, “very easy and perfectly healthy.” She let Vox take her son out of the room and turned her attention back to Finn. “Was that…?” “Kylo Ren, yes.” “He had to pick tonight of all nights.” Luke said, shaking his head. “I hope the distraction helped.” Rey said quietly, looking down at her hands. “What distraction?” Finn asked. “Ren tapped into my mind, so I let him into where the pain was,” Rey said, “I couldn’t shut him out, so I have him what he was looking for: my current condition.” Finn laughed lightly, “That was clever.” “I thought so.” Rey said. She smiled sadly. “Was he…?” She sounded hesitant and he knew why. “Ren was heartbroken, but unhurt.” Finn said. Rey nodded, blinking away the wetness that had creeped into her eyes, “Thank you.” She whispered. “No problem.” Finn asked, leaning over and hugging her gently. He was polite enough to ignore the tears that dripped onto his shirt, which she was glad for. ***** Kylo Ren stalked into his quarters, his breathing barely controlled and regular. He had just told the Supreme Leader of her treachery. Supreme Leader Snoke had not blamed Kylo, instead, in his infinite wisdom, he had merely leaned forward on his great black carved throne and cupped his twisted jaw thoughtfully. His words still echoed in Kylo’s mind, “I must admit that this is my error, Kylo Ren, not yours. In my ambition and faith in my own powers over the Force, I encouraged the traitor too much. I ignored the warning signs, such as her refusal to take the name of Ren. I now wonder if her… personal regard for you was merely a front to distract us both.” Kylo had stiffened at his words, but Snoke at merely continued, “The idea of a union between two powerful Jedi… I admit I thought it too good to be true, but I was as eager for it as anyone. Perhaps too eager.” Kylo reflected on the way the Supreme Leader had regarded him, pityingly, like a child, “I do not blame you, Kylo Ren. Despite your power, you have the same weaknesses as any other sentient being. We shall both we wiser in the future.” “Yes,” Kylo has said, finally speaking, “We shall.” “And Kylo,” The Supreme Leader had added, almost as an afterthought after dismissing him, “This anger? This pain? Remember it when you next see her on the battlefield.” “Yes, Supreme Leader.” Kylo had replied. Now, Kylo stood in apartments he hadn’t been in for 2 weeks. In all honestly, he hadn’t lived here in months- not since she left. This was just a place he forced himself to exist in while waiting for leads. It was just the place he him himself away when the rage and fear and hopelessness welled up inside of him so much he couldn’t breath or sleep or keep the tremble out of his heart. He removed his helmet and tossed it onto the bed that no longer smelled like her, but that he still only used half of. He turned slowly on his heel, trying to find a single spot in this horrifyingly familiar place that did not remind him of her. He couldn’t. Rage and hot, bitter grief flooded him, calling forth rolling waves of the dark side to him, fuelling more of his oppressive fury until it exploded out as he lit his blade. He attacked the bed first, burning through linen and mattress and mark metal with a wordless and terribly fury. Everything she owned- garment, books, tools, all of it- met a superheated end on his blade. He demolished everything that had once been hers, that had once been theirs. He neither targeted nor spared his own belongings. She’d touched all of his clothes at some point. If one boot or shirt was incinerated, it didn’t matter. Lastly, he turned to her bedside table, saber raised, and stopped. Her two little plants were there. They were a little wrinkled at the leaves, but had actually survived these many months of his clumsy care. He remembered when she’d brought them back from. It had been on that mission that he’d realized her regard for him was beyond comrades. It was then that’d she’d become his mechanism for tamping down the pain that threatened to consume him daily. Kylo extinguished his lightsaber and tossed it away. He hit his knees, sobbing into his hands for the first time since the he had woken up to a scarred face and the reality of his father’s death. Notes: I know some of you guys are waiting to see Rey and Kylo in the same room and I promise that is coming (but not for a lill bit. However~ in the mean time we get the rebuilding of friendships AND some nice Finn v. Kylo AND the introduction of Jonas. And yes, before you ask, lil baby Jonas is going to be best buddies with all of the droids and will probably master binary before he speaks English. I mean, look at who his mom is. Coming next: Jedi coparenting. Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “How little we understand of the gifts we have been given or the shape of the path we took to reach our salvation.” - Harley King, What I was Meant to Forget Stormtroopers have been reported on the surface of - The corner of Rey’s holopad case was surprisingly scuffed, now that she noticed it. Storm troopers have been reported - What time was it, again? Stormtroopers have been reported on the - Luke and Jonas didn’t get back for another 90 minutes. Stormtroopers have - Oh, I give up, Rey thought. She groaned in frustration, flopping back on her bed and closing her eyes, tossing her holopad onto her pillow. She’d found herself rereading the same sentence of her report eight times. She knew she had to finish it because it involved important information about troop maneuvers and the First Order’s possible plans based on intercepted information, but her brain was not working today, apparently. Rey looked at the time and sat up, scrambling to the ‘fresher so she could wash her hair and change her clothes before Jonas and Luke returned home. She hurriedly threw on some clothes and dried off her dark hair, already thinking about the plans she had to spend time with Jonas when he got back. She was so preoccupied that she didn’t notice what she was doing until she felt the sensation of fingernails on her wrist. Letting go of the bundle of long dark hair she’d been holding, Rey looking down at her wrist and smiled to herself, reaching for the little jar she now stored her hair ties in. On Jakku, she’d only ever had 3 at a time and had kept them in her hair or on her wrist, but now she had the luxury of a salary and long hair. Rey stood up straighter and stared at her reflection in the mirror above the sink by her fresher, slowly and deliberately pulling her hair into the twin braids she’d adopted after moving back to the Resistance. She had decided to change it, unable to continue the same appearance that Jonas had spent his first year with. She had grown used to the change, but sometimes, on days like today, she’d catch herself putting her hair in the old three buns. Also, on days like this, Rey found herself thinking about Kylo and the Knights of Ren. Even five years later, she was reminded of the ones she’d loved in the first order. It was mostly in the little things now, like when she tended the plants on her window sill or managed Jonas during a temper tantrum or read reports about certain members of the Knights of Ren. Sometimes, it was an accident, too, in its own way, like trying to put her hair up in a style she hadn’t worn since Jonas was in diapers. Taking a deep breath, Rey looked into her own face. It was odd to spend any time on her appearance. She’d only ever had the vaguest ideas of her appearance, vague outlines in dark glass and washed metal and the faces of other human women on Niima Outpost. Now, she could see it clear and it didn’t feel like her. Rey looked over at the images of Jonas, Luke, Leia, Finn, and Poe she kept on her desk. She picked up a silver-framed one that played a tiny moving image on a loop, the one of her holding Jonas and making him wave at the camera. She knew that it was obviously maternal to have these pictures, but she honestly hoped people would just assume it was sentimentality. She was sure they would. They had to, because she needed those pictures. She needed to see her little dark-haired baby giggling at her, back when she’d been his mother and not his master. Back when she’d murmured lullabies and stories about his father to him. Swallowing back the emotion that had crawled into her throat, Rey walked out of her room, moving towards the main hangar. The past 6 weeks without Luke and Jonas had been extremely long and frustrating. She leaned against the railing, watching the ships arriving. She looked down at her hands, tracing the old burn scar on the back of her wrist from a sparring accident back with the First Order. She’d never seen Kylo so controlled in his anger, his fury focused on his own weapon than anyone else. Rey shook her head, trying to clear it, as Jonas and Luke’s ship arrived. A few technicians rushed forward to greet the ships and she watched them waving their little bright orange sticks, guiding the ship into position. She jogged down the waiting platform towards the ship, which was starting to offload. Technicians, soldiers, and others all poured off the ship, scattering across the hangar, but Rey only had eyes for one person. Luke’s familiar graying head bobbed through the crowd, but she focused on waist-height, searching for a familiar head of dark curls. Her heart leapt at the sight of Jonas’s smiling face, rushing towards her. “Master Rey!” Jonas said, running up and hugging her tightly. He stepped back and jumped up and down excitedly, “I lose a tooth, look!” He said, pointing at the gap, grinning proudly. “Wow!” Rey said, kneeling down to see better. She tossed one of her braids over her shoulder, focusing on her son’s face, “Look at you, growing up so fast!” “Master Luke let me put it in the airlock and shoot it into space!” Jonas said, jumping up and down again, “It was so tiny out there in the space. It was so cool!” “I bet it was.” Rey said, “Did you do anything else?” “Poe and Zhet took me to the main deck today!” Jonas said, shaking his messy black curls out of his face as Luke, Poe, Finn, and another man she didn’t know walked over. They did?” Rey said, looking between the three of them. “I went to the bridge and saw them run drills” Jonas said, bouncing up and down in his excitement. “Run drills?” Rey asked, looking at Finn, who was unwilling to meet her eye. “May not have been drills.” Luke muttered, stepping closer to her and speaking into her right ear so that Jonas couldn’t hear. Rey looked at him sharply, moving so quickly that the dangling earring she wore in her left ear smacked her in the cheek, eyebrows raised, “You did what?” “You still sure you’d rather be a jedi than a soldier?” Poe asked Jonas loudly and cheerfully, grinning. “Yeah.” Jonas said, oblivious to the seriousness of the adults around him, “Orders are fun, but I like lightsabers better.” “Good.” Rey said, schooling her frustration into a smile and patting her lightsaber, “You’ll get one of these when you’re old enough.” “I’m going to be the best jedi ever!” Jonas said, punching the air. “I’m sure you will.” Rey said, “Now, head on back to our quarters with R2. I have to talk to Master Luke and the others for a moment and then I’ll follow you and you can tell me all about the drills.” She said, smiling pleasantly at Finn, Poe, Luke, and the strange soldier. They all looked terrified, but Jonas didn’t notice. Instead, he turned to R2D2 and said, “Come on, R2!” before running off towards the personnel apartments, the old droid rolling along in his wake. Rey watched him until he was safely in the personele wing before turning back to her companions, her eyes finding Luke first as the four men turned towards her, looking sheepish. “Were those drills that my padawan just witnessed?” Rey asked, crossing her arms and looking from guilty face to guilty face. “No.” Finn said, his dark eyes meeting hers only for a moment before flicking away, “I mean, they were only a few TIE fighters and a much smaller class warship, but no, those were real First Order craft.” “You let a 4 year old on the bridge of a starfighter during a firefight?” Rey asked, raising an eyebrow. “I was younger when I went on my first battleship.” Finn said. “That’s helpful, because everyone takes advice from the First Order about raising children.” Rey said, hands on her hips, “was this before or after the brainwashing?” “...before.” Finn muttered. “You three are going to be the death of me.” Rey said, shaking her head disappintedly at her friends. “Ma’am, we were never in any real danger.” The stranger said, stepping forward. Poe looked over at him, clearly desperate for his friend to avoid engaging, but Rey turned to him, raising an eyebrow. She took in his sharp, dark eyes, brown skin, high cheekbones and the long ponytail pulled high on his head before she noticed the rank on his uniform. “Do you usually bring civilians onto your deck in combat situations, commander?” Rey asked, “Do you make a habit of putting innocents in harm’s way when they are under your care?” “Is a jedi ever really a civilian?” The commander countered, waving a hand, “They were generals under the old Republic and lead the fight against the Empire.” “They are when they’re children!” Rey shot back, hands flying to her hips, frowning, “I don’t care if they’re in stormtrooper armor. A child is a child and should not be near an active military operation, am I understood?” The commander blinked, but nodded, “Yes, ma’am.” He said, stepping back, “I need to go speak with the General.” “She’s going to chew you out, too,” Rey snapped, leftover venom slipping out of her before she could stop it, “In case you’re not prepared.” “At this point,” The man said, “I’d willingly face down Kylo Ren than try to argue with you again.” Rey rolled her eyes, “Be on your way, soldier.” She said. Still, she found herself watching him as he nodded a farewell to the others and jogged away, back to the commander center of the base itself. “Well, if you’re not going to run us through with that lightsaber,” Luke said lightly, “Could we head back to our quarters? I’d like to sit down, maybe change my robe, make sure Jonas and R2 haven’t destroyed anything.” “Fine.” Rey muttered, “But Jonas is still my favorite of the group at the moment.” “He’s always your favorite.” Finn teased. “Well, he’s the cutest.” Rey said, smirking. She and Finn both burst out laughing when Poe nodded seriously. Luke, however, remained silent and Rey looked over her shoulder. Poe and Finn waved goodbye, saying they had to go check their weapons into the armory, but Rey was focused in on the the half-anxious, half-hopeful expression on Luke’s bearded face. “What’s the face?” Rey asked, Luke as Poe and Finn walked off to be debriefed. “Well, I was going to ask you something,” Luke said, “but now I’m a little scared. You’re not exactly in a pleasant mood.” “I’m perfectly pleasant.” Rey snapped, then sighed and ducked her head, blushing, “Okay, fine, what is it?” “I want to know how you’d feel about taking on a padawan- Rey, hear me out!” He added, stepping closer as she groaned and turned away. “Luke, you know how I feel about this.” Rey said. “I know,” Luke began, “But at least consider-” “No,” Rey said, walking up the stairs to the main thoroughfares of the base. “Rey, please!” Luke said, hurrying after her his robes swishing after him, “You don’t understand.” “Explain it to me, then!” Rey snapped, waving her hands above her head in exasperation. “I want a padawan rooted in the Light.” Luke said, “I want a legacy outside if people I’m related to.” “Were not related,” Rey said automatically, but let her arms drop slowly to her sides. “You were my nephew’s lover,” Luke said, “Close enough.” “I don’t care.” Rey said, waving shaking her head, “We can’t invite someone else into this over-complicated mess.” She looked over her shoulder, sensing an anxious presence behind her. It turned out to be half a dozen nervous-looking cadets trying to pass through the hallway around the two arguing jedi. Rey huffed and turned back to Luke, “We’re not discussing this.” She turned and walked back up the hallway, stomping towards her quarters. She could feel Luke following her, his robes swishing around him as he walked. Rey entered the passcode to her room and stepped inside, making sure the door shut behind her. Luke immediately punched in the passcode, which he knew, and it opened for him, too, but it felt satisfying to make him get himself in. “We are not getting a new padawan.” Rey said, “We only are training Jonas to keep him close, to make sure Kylo never finds him. This was never about the jedi or the next generation, remember? It was about keeping my son safe. You promised me you would help me keep him safe.” “I will, but-” “Bringing another padawan will only make us all targets!” Rey snapped, “You know it’s dangerous, but you’re trying to convince me anyway.” “Rey, listen to me,” Luke said, “I know we’ve had a rough go of it, both of us, but we’re jedi! We can’t just-” “Cut ourselves off from the world, allow galactic politics to fall apart around us, abandon our families, and hide out on Ach-To for the better part of a decade?” Rey said, a hand on her hip. She raised her eyebrows, “How can you say anything to me about what a jedi is supposed to do. My training isn’t even yours, it’s Kylo’s!” Luke closed his eyes and sighed, “I admit, I made some mistakes, both in how I trained you and how I trained Ben, but we can’t run away from who we are. The last two Jedi in the galaxy are in this tiny room, Rey.” “You’ve been watching old holos, haven’t you?” Rey said, “Or do you want to visit the old imperial palace on Coruscant again, just to see what the Jedi Order used to be, one more time? The Jedi Order is over. We’re fighting the First Order as soldiers of the Resistance, as Force Users.” Luke shook his head, “I can’t believe that. We’ve done so much to restore artifacts and knowledge that could have been lost forever, Rey. We can’t give up on the Force. Look at Jonas!” “What about him?” Rey asked, frowning and curling her fists in frustration. “He is the son of two of the most powerful Force users in history.” Luke said, “Rey, don’t pretend you can’t feel the Light in him already. The Jedi council would have bowed at his feet in the Old Republic! He can bring balance to the Force if we, you and I, can end this war and help set the foundations of a new order.” “You aren’t trying to bring back the Jedi Order anymore, are you?” Rey said, suddenly looking at her friend, really seeing him, for the first time in ages, “This isn’t about restoring what was lost.” “No.” Luke said, “This, you and I, are about defeating the First Order and raising up the next generation trained in the Force. They’ll make their own order, or not, but I have stopped trying to restore what my father destroyed.” He sighed, “I thought for so long, that since Anakin Skywalker defeated the Jedi, Luke Skywalker had to rebuild them. But now, I know I can’t. I can only train, to the best of my abilities, those who will go on to be the Jedi of the Next Age.” Rey stared at him, understanding. After years spent with Kylo Ren, she knew she couldn’t undo the damage she had done to the Resistance. She could only give herself completely to the cause now. She sighed, “Alright, Who is the padawan?” Luke immediately looked up, blue eyes brightening. Rey turned to face him, “They’re a…” “Twi’lek.” Luke said, brightening even as Rey crossed her arms. “Strong in the Force?” “Maybe more than I am.” “And their parents?” “Senators and personal friends.” “Male or female?” Rey asked. “Female.” Luke said, “Her name is Gida’smoo.” “Luke, is this child already on the base?” Rey asked, watching the twitch in the aging Jedi’s mustache. “No,” Luke said, sighing, “I figured you wouldn’t tolerate that.” “You’re right.” Rey said, “I wouldn’t. I’ll train this girl, but I won’t be manipulated into it. Does Jonas know already?” “No,” Luke said, “I didn’t want him to get excited and then be disappointed. I wanted to talk to you first.” “Thank you.” Rey said, ‘I appreciate this. I’m guessing her parents are waiting with baited breath for your transmission about whether or not we’re going to train her?” “You suppose correctly, Master Jedi.” Luke said, chuckling and inclining his head to her. “Go contact the girl’s family. I’ll tell Jonas that we’re going to look at adding a new padawan.” Rey said, gently punching Luke’s arm. ***** Eight rotations later, Rey stood in one of Leia’s formal meet rooms, chewing on her thumb as they waited for their new potential padawan. She looked up from the table, which she’d spent the last 20 minutes carefully inspecting, when Luke nudged her knee. The Senator from Ryloth, his wife, and his daughter all filed into the room. Rey’s eyes landed on the senator first. He was tall, broad-shouldered, and almost sandy-colored, with sharp eyes that Rey could only describe as amber. He was younger than she’d imagined, both to be such an experienced Senator and to have a child. “Is something amiss, master jedi?” The senator- Otic’asmoo, Rey remembered- asked politely, looking at her. “Forgive me,” Rey said, bowing her head in an attempt to recover her decorum, “You are younger than I expected. Master Skywalker said you and he knew each other, but you do not look much older than I am.” Otic’asmoo laughed good-naturedly, “I can assure you that I am older than I look and older than you, Jedi Rey, however, Luke met me when I was a child on Ryloth. I was part of the Rebellion centered there.” “You were part of the Rebellion?” Rey asked, raising an eyebrow. “Unofficially.” The senator conceded, “My parents were and I grew up around the reborn free Ryloth. We were one of the first to throw of the shackles of the Empire. The people of Ryloth have always had a strong spirit and a thirst for independence, even going back into the Clone Wars.” Rey nodded, “I’ve read about the rebellion there during the Clone Wars, yes.” Luke chuckled, “I’m glad to see you two are getting along so well, but we can relive ancient history another time, yes? I have yet to meet young Gid’asmoo.” “This is my wife, Ahosh’asmoo,” Otic’asmoo said, gesturing to a twi’lek female with skin that reminded Rey of a forest in early spring, “and this is my daughter, Gid’asmoo.” Gid’asmoo was her mother’s double in all but her size and the amber eyes she’d inherited from her father. As soon as Rey took her attention off of the senator and her own anxiety, she found the girl had a deep and rich presence in the Force, even unintentionally. She glanced at Luke, who shrugged and nodded, then kneeled down to greet the child herself. “Hello, Gid’asmoo.” Rey said, holding out her hand. The girl shook it, smiling shyly, “Hello, Master Jedi.” “Lets leave the boring politicians to catch up,” Rey said, nodding to the training room on the other side of the observation window, “and we’ll see what you can do. Do you know any meditation forms?” “I do.” Gid’asmoo said, “I watched old Jedi training holos.” “Well, then, why don’t you do those?” Rey said, opening the door and allowing Gid’asmoo into the room. She sat across from Gid’asmoo, watching the girl carefully. She was young and immature, but powerful. What she lacked in experience, Rey sensed in pure, untapped potential. “Meditate on the Force with me.” Rey said gently, trying not to scare the youngling, “Take a deep breath and reach into the Force, let if flow in you and through you.” Gid’asmoo nodded, closing her eyes and slowly falling into a meditative state. Rey mimicked her, but instead of reaching for the Force, she simply took stock of how it moved through the youngling. Gid’asmoo had a firm and natural grasp of the Force, one untainted by any trepidation of confusion. The Force made sense to her and she felt comfortable in it. Rey opened her eyes after a long while and said, “Gid’asmoo. Do you know any meditative stances?” “Yes, I do!” The twi’lek said brightly. “Could you move through them for me?” Rey asked, “I’d like an understanding of your physical and kinetic understanding of the Force.” “Yes, master.” Gid’asmoo said, leaping excitedly to her feet. She blushed after a moment, realizing that her own excitement would inhibit her ability to meditate effectively, but Rey knew that patience would come with experience. Every Jedi had some days where meditation came slowly and with much effort. She couldn’t begrudge the youngling her eagerness. After shifting her weight from foot to foot, trying to dispel some of her anxiety, Gid’asmoo took a deep breath and moved through her stances. Rey watched her for a moment, then stepped out of the room and let her continue alone. She was encouraged when Gid'asmoo's form improved, now that some of the pressure was off. “What do you think?” Luke asked. Rey quietly watched the young Twi’lek. “She’s strong and eager. She’s so full of the light, even more than Jonas. With the right training, she could make a powerful Jedi.” “My thoughts exactly.” Luke said, nodding in agreement. “It would be good for Jonas to have a peer as well.” Rey said. “The galaxy needs more Jedi.” Luke said, “It’s as plain as that. I know not all of the Knights of Ren are force sensitive, but we are still hopeless outnumbered and your information about them proves less and less useful every year.” He said. Rey sighed, crossing her arms and watching Gid’asmoo extend one of her legs out in the air behind her, “Well, it’s been a while since I went to gain intel.” Luke chuckled, “I know, Rey. I don’t want to make you feel bad, but it’s the truth. We lose the advantage of information the longer we know it. The is a war of new and fast intelligence.” Rey nodded, “It’s like the numbers get smaller and the fighting gets dirtier as time goes on.” “It does.” Luke agreed, “And she’ll make a huge difference in the fight against the Dark Side.” Rey nodded, “She has such an affinity for the Light. We can’t let that pass, even for nothing but her own sake.” “We’re agreed, then?” Luke said. “I believe we are.” ***** Rey had been told by a surprising number of people to be aware of the challenges that came with moving from one child to two. She and Luke had laughed most of it off, especially since Gid’asmoo only fostered with them and their whole Jedi-public-co-parenting situation was ludicrous to begin with, but everyone had been right about one thing: raising Jonas had not prepared them for raising Gid’asmoo. Whereas Jonas was a wide-eyed and eager dreamer, Gid’asmoo was a motivated and passionate idealist, which often led to her running afoul of those less patriotic individuals. One of the more notable instances of this was when she’d punched the son of a Resistance general for calling the Jedi “useless and dead” in the new war. Both of her charges attended school in addition to their Jedi training at the moment and Rey had been to the Dean’s office twice in the last year, just for Gid’asmoo. Today, however, she was not going to see the Dean. After a year together, Jonas and Gid’asmoo had finally managed to land each other into serious trouble. Rey was walking down to the holding cells off the main hangar after being paged during an important meeting by Luke. Apparently both Jonas and Gid’asmoo had been caught doing something that warranted both her and Luke’s presence. She brushed her hair back behind her hair as she reached the edge of the holding cells, trying to look put together. Luke was waiting for her, his face grim. Rey took his silence as a que and remained quiet as they walked into the small observation room that fed into the room where Jonas and Gid’asmoo were. “What happened?” Rey asked, crossing her arms and looking in at the interrogation rooms where her padawans sat, heads down. “They tried to steal a ship to “go and defeat The First Order because they’ve figured out how”.” Luke said, shaking his head, “Foolish and headstrong, both of them.” “Neither of them even know how to fly a ship!” Rey said, poking the glass over Jonas’s head. “I think they were going to try and drag R2 into this.” Luke said gruffly, “He’s a notoriously good pilot and more adventurous that most droids, even during the Clone Wars. Judging from what I’ve seen of his records, he was willing to follow my father anywhere he needed to go. I know Jonas is familiar with those records. Perhaps he thought he could get R2 to do the same for him.” “I still question why you let him watch anything about Darth Vader, even if he was Anakin Skywalker then.” Rey said, watching Jonas fidget with the clasp of his cuff anxiously. “We tried to hide Darth Vader from Ben,” Luke said, “and, eventually, he found the information he wanted from a highly biased and manipulative source. This was the best way to get ahead of Snoke. No secrets, no betrayed trust.” “No secrets, huh?” Rey said, looking at Luke out of the corner of her eye. While they'd told Jonas and Gida'smoo about Luke's relation to Darth Vader, they'd left out Jonas's. Luke shook his head and scratched his beard, watching the two padawans. “They’re lucky that they’re too young to go or do anything, but the fact that they actually tried shows a dangerous lack of restraint. I worry about when they’re older.” Rey took a deep breath, “If we’re not careful, they’re going to actually run into the Knights of Ren. It’s only a matter of time until our paths cross. There’s too few force users for that to happen. We have to explain to them the war they’re actually fighting otherwise they’re going to try to take on the Dark Side itself. And no one wins that.” Luke sighed, “Jonas never got these crazy ideas before.” The corner of Rey’s mouth twitched, “You’re the one who wanted another one.” “I know,” Luke said gruffly, scratching his beard, “It was the right choice, but they’re weren’t kidding about the jump from parenting one to two.” He said. He looked up and made eye contact with Rey, managing to hold his serious expression for a single second before they both burst into laughter. “Come on,” Rey said, “We should go in there. Want to play “Good Jedi Master/Bad Jedi Master?” “Always.” Luke said. “I’ll be the Bad Jedi Master.” Rey said, “I do it best.” Luke shook his head, laughing to himself as Rey walked through the door to the little room where the padawans sat, looking tired and fearful. “What are you thinking? Are you insane!” Rey looked at the two padawans. “We’re sorry, Master!” Jonas said, looking up at her with wide hazel eyes. He reminded her, suddenly and vividly, of his father. She forced herself to swallow her emotions and take a deep breath, focusing on being disappointed in the two children. “You two are brave,” Rey said, “but that wasn’t bravery. That was pride and foolishness, nothing more.” “You are very lucky Commander Lylin saw you when he did.” Luke said, “What if you had taken the ship? A TIE fighter could have thought you were the enemy and blasted you before you even made it to hyperspace! Where we you even planning to go.” “I had a dream.” Jonas mumbled, “about Kylo Ren.” Rey stiffened, resisting the urge to grab onto the table for support. This was possibly the worst thing that she could think of, short of Kylo and Jonas actually meeting. If they were connected through the Force, she had little hope of keeping them apart. “What was your dream about?” Luke asked carefully. “I saw Kylo Ren on a ridge.” Jonas said, “He didn’t have his lightsaber, but he was looking right at me. I think the Force wants us to fight.” “No, Jonas!” Rey said, shaking her head, “Sometimes we just dream about things we’re thinking about. We’re open to the Force, but it’s not a general.” Luke nodded gravely, “It is easy to misinterpret the Force. If you and Kylo Ren are to meet in battle, it will be when you are ready, not when you think you are ready.” “Yes, Master Luke.” Jonas said, bowing his head in embarrassment. “Both of you,” Rey said, “Enjoy your training. We’re trying to keep you away from the battlefield until they’re ready. Please, don’t strike out on your own. Take this time to prepare yourselves, alright?” Rey felt a familiar, straightlaced presence in the room, standing behind her. She reached out a little and felt Commander Lylin’s familiar presence, watching her. He seemed focused, concerned, and… something else she couldn’t place. There was a strange tension about him that she didn’t understand. She was inspecting his surface emotions when she felt him walk away, down the hall. “I was very lucky to have a childhood.” Luke said carefully, “Away from the war. Master Rey didn’t. We want you to have that, too. Do you understand?” “Yes, Master Luke.” Gid’asmoo and Jonas said. “I’m going to go check in with Commander Lylin.” Rey said, inclining her head and walking out of the door. She looked around for him, brushing her hair out of her face, but didn’t see him. She hurried down the hall and saw Poe, who was on his way to the hangar, judging by his outfit. Beyond him, she saw Lylin, but found herself curious. She actually knew very little of Lylin, outside of the limited information Luke had given her, but Poe knew everything about everyone, although he had a habit of playing matchmaker. If he knew she had more than a passing familiarity with Lylin, she’d never hear the end of it. “Hey, Poe, Who’s that?” Rey asked, watching Lylin’s profile. “Commander Zhetam Lylin. He’s a career soldier.” Poe said, “He’s nice enough, good at his job. He left the Republic fleet to join the Resistance. If he hadn’t, he’d be a general by now.” “What’s his background?” Rey asked, memorizing the soldier’s face. If he was the one most likely transporting her son around the galaxy, she needed to know who he was, she explained to herself. “Ground infantry. Officer. Worked his way up.” Poe said, rubbing at a grease mark on his helmet, “Why, you interested?” “No!” Rey snapped, feeling her own ears grow pink. “Oh my stars, you are!” Poe hissed, grinning and hugging his helmet. “I want to know who he is because he is responsible for the safety of my padawans when I’m not there!” “Is that what the kids are calling a crush these days?” Poe asked, smirking at her. He immediately winced when she punched him in the arm, but chuckled anyway. “You totally know who he is, don’t you?” Poe said, raising an eyebrow at her. “I might know him, yes.” Rey admitted stubbornly, “but I wanted to see what you had to say on him.” “As a soldier or a boyfriend?” Poe asked, picking a piece of dirt off of his helmet. “As a soldier, Poe,” Rey said, rolling her eyes, “I’m trying to be professional.” “Mmmhmmm.” Rey didn’t even look at Poe, not wanting to see the stupid expression he probably wore right now. “You are such a child.” Rey said, shaking her head. “You’re the one asking about his military career just because you think he’s cute.” “Poe!” “Fine,” Poe said seriously, turning to face her, “He’s proud, ambitious, and effective. He never leaves a man behind and does what he can for everyone under his command. What he lacks in experience he makes up for in ingenuity and strength of character.” “Where did you hear that last line?” Rey asked, finally turning ot look at him. Poe shrugged, “Spotted it on one of General Leia’s reports on him. It was sitting on her desk and the phrase just lodged in my head.” “That’s insane.” Rey said. “Hey, your report was even better than his!” Poe offered “I am going to murder you.” Rey said, shaking her head and sweeping down the hallway, allowing Poe to jog along in her wake, “We’re in the middle of a war, Poe. I have Jedi to train. I do not have time for dates.” “So you admit you’re interested!” Poe said, laughing openly at the murderous expression she shot him, “Okay, okay, I’ll back off, but if you want to ask him out for a drink, I’m sure the galaxy could manage.” “By the Force, Poe, I’m not having this discussion with you.” Rey said, waving him away, “I am a professional! I just wanted to make sure my padawans were travelling in capable hands. That’s. It.” “If you say so.” Poe said lightly, shrugging his shoulders and walking by her side down the hallway, “I’ll let it go. But, if you were wondering, judging by the way he keeps watching you when you come over a holo, he’s interested in you, too.” His helmet tucked under his arm, Poe marched confidently back towards the hangar and smug smile fixed to his face even as Rey stood, frozen to the spot, confusion and interest flooding into her in equal measure. Rey looked over her shoulder again at Commander Lylin, watching his profile as he spoke to one of his subordinates about something on his holopad. He was straightforward, stable, and giving. He was the opposite of Kylo, in many ways, now that she thought of it. There were no revenge schemes or damaged families to dance around here. Zhetam was driven by duty and ideals, not by emotions and fear. He could stand at her side without her even having to touch him, to keep him upright. If what Poe said was true, Rey thought, feeling an excitement that she hadn’t felt in ages well up inside of her, she should go for it. She was a Jedi. What was the real risk here? All she had to gamble with was her heart and, judging by the neatness of Lylin’s obnoxiously perfect ponytail, he wasn’t going to destroy it any worse than she had. “Commander Lylin!” Rey called, jogging after him, toying with the end of one of her braids,“I have to thank you, Commander Lylin,” Rey said, shaking her head, “They are both foolhardy. I am so sorry you have had to do paperwork on behalf of them.” The commander shrugged, “It’s nothing, Master Jedi. I’m just glad I saw them when I did.” “I am, too.” Rey said nervously, toying with her braid. “Are you alright?” Lylin asked, frowning at her fidgeting. “I was wondering if you wanted to get a drink with me sometime.” Rey blurted. There was a long silence in which Rey’s face flushed and Lylin’s broke into an appraising smile. Panic flooded into Rey’s chest. She’d just made an utter fool in front of- “I’d like that.” The commander said, smiling. “Good.” Rey said, smiling back and dropping her braid, breathing a sigh of relief, “I’ll stop by your quarters at 1700 standard time?” “It’s a date.” Lylin said, inclining his head as another Commander waved him over, gesticulating to something on his holopad. “Yeah,” Rey said, grinning as Lylin jogged away, “Yeah, it really is.” Notes: Jedi coparenting is my favorite thing. Hands down. And space between the paragraphs so I don't murder your eyes! Thank you guys for the feedback (trust me, feedback, good or bad, = more "on time" chapters.) Chapter 6 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “That’s the real power of a legacy: We tell stories of people who are gone because like any powerful stories, they have the potential to inspire and to change the world.” - Jeremy Carter, Hamilton: The Revolution “Jonas?” Jonas looked up from the diagrams he was studying to see Master Rey leaning against the door to his room, looking down at him. She looked a little tired, her expression that same gentle mask that she often wore around him when she was troubled or when she and Master Luke were arguing. She and Master Luke argued a lot. They liked each other and they were friends, but they still argued. “Yes, Master?” Jonas asked, sitting up a little straighter, excitement welling up inside. He knew he was going to start training with the Force soon- maybe today was the day! “I’m going to teach you how to reach into the Force, properly.” Master Rey said, smiling down at him as he leapt off the bed in his eagerness. “I told Gida’smoo that you were going to train me, too!” Jonas said, punching the air, “Oh I can’t wait until she sees me!” Master Rey laughed at him, shaking her head, “Come along, my young padawan. You’ve been reading long enough, I think. Me and Master Luke think you’re ready to move into practical application.” She waved him down the hallway after her, walking down to the hangar, allowing him to run out his energy in her wake. “What does ‘practical application’ mean?” Jonas asked, jogging after her long footsteps. “It means to do something instead of just reading about how to do it.” Rey said, pausing by the gate to the hangar to sign some form on a holopad. Jonas jogged in place, unable to control the excitement he felt. “What is the Force like?” Jonas asked, looking up as Rey took the keys to some vehicle and led the way to where the speeders were on the far side of the hangar. He’d sensed the Force before when he did his meditation and relaxation practices with his masters, but he wanted to know what it was like to be in the Force. “It’s large and bright.” Rey said, “Grander than anything you’ve ever felt. It’s like being totally alone and totally connected all at the same time.” Jonas nodded, “Like when you meditate?” He asked, looking up at her. Rey smiled, nodding, “Yes, you have probably felt the Force during our meditations to some point, but you’ve never reached into it. Unless you’ve done some exploring on your own?” She asked, climbing into the speeder and shooting Jonas a side glance. “Not really.” Jonas said, “Like, sometimes I feel like I feel things that don’t really belong to me or aren’t happening to me. Like, when you and Master Luke fight, sometimes I feel… funny.” Rey nodded, “I understand that. Soon, you’ll be able to block some of that out. We are going to teach you control before we teach you how to fight, alright? Now, strap in. I’d hate for you to fly out of this and die before we even taught you anything.” His eyes widened until he saw the smirk on her face, then he relaxed. Besides, even if he did fall out, she’d catch him. “Alright.” Jonas said, sitting in his seat and pulling the safety harness on. He found himself watching Master Rey as they rode over the cool green of D’Qar, away from the base. She wasn’t like Master Luke, who did a lot of his early training. She was wilder, more distant, and more intimidating than him. Jonas knew his upbringing was unusual, but he always had a feeling that there was a lot that his masters weren’t telling him. When he’d asked about his parents, his masters had told him about them, guardians of one of the last caverns of Kyber crystals who had died when he was a few months old. His masters always got sad when he brought it up, so Jonas assumed they’d become friends with his parents over the many months they’d been searching for Kyber crystals across the galaxy. Despite all the stories they’d both told of the different wars they’d fought in, there was a lot they didn’t tell him. Master Luke was strong and loving, but had a deep sadness in him that Jonas couldn’t bring himself to ask about. One time, after Master Luke called him “Ben” while berating his lack of patience during meditation, he’d asked Rey. She’d sighed and explained that Kylo Ren had taken Master Luke’s nephew Ben a long time ago, before he’d finished his training. Jonas wasn’t sure whether he was honored Master Luke thought of him as family or just sad that this Ben Skywalker had died before he was born. It would have been cool to have 3 masters- or 4, since Finn was almost done with his training and was practically his master, too. He settled for honored, mostly because too many people he knew died suddenly anyway. He wanted to feel good about something sometime. Jonas looked up as the speeder climbed the smooth slope of a green forested hill. Master Rey swept one of her long braids back over her shoulder and climbed out, leading the way up the grass to the top. Jonas hurried after her. How was it that both his masters had this perfect, calm, and unburdened walk. Always looking as if they could call the Force to lift them off the ground at any moment. Maybe they could, he didn’t know. Did Jedi just get that walk when they became Jedi or did it come after years of work and training? Master Rey stopped at the top of the hill and looked over her shoulder at him, watching him climb the hill with that same odd sadness she looked at him with sometimes. He wondered if she’d known Ben, too, but didn’t ask her. “Come on, we’re going to need to meditate for a while first.” Rey said, “You’re so new, even with your ability, you need to quiet your mind to really get into the Force for the first time.” “Did you?” Jonas asked, sitting down on the grass. “Well, no,” Rey admitted, shrugging and smirking, “but my training was unorthodox, so we’re going to ignore that and pretend I did.” “What’s ‘unorthodox’-” “I means ‘not the way it’s supposed to’.” Rey said, “Now, Jonas, quiet your mind. I want you to feel the Force before you try to use it, alright? Just, you’ll know it when you come into contact with it, okay?” “Okay.” Jonas said, a little disappointed. He wanted to do some of the cool stuff his masters could. Meditation and connection to the universe was nice, but lightsabers were way more his style. “Connection to the Force is much easier and safer when you’re calm, contrary to popular belief.” Master Rey said in that voice that she used whenever she knew what he was thinking, “I know you’ve been working on calming your body, with me and with Finn. Now it’s time to put that training into practice.” “That was training?” Jonas asked, his eye snapping open. Master Rey smiled at him, nodding, “Yes, Jonas. When you’re a Jedi, almost everything in some kind of training.” Jonas frowned, not sure he believed that. Master Rey shook her head, “Jonas, the entire universe is connected by the Force. Because you can feel the Force, whenever you interact with something, whatever it is, you interact with the Force. That’s why Master Luke and I will take you and Gida’smoo to new planets whenever we’re not fighting. We want you to see as much as you can so that you can see how the Force moves across the galaxy. The Force is everywhere and in everything and, because of that, there are always opportunities to teach you more about it. Do you understand?” “Yes.” Jonas said, nodding. “Good.” Master Rey said, closing her eyes again, “Now, close your eyes and try to feel the Force.” Jonas felt the Force. He knew the Force, with its light and warmth and sheer size. He remembered seeing an ocean with Luke once, feeling both hopelessly overwhelmed and exhilarated by the size of it. The Force was like that, a vast being with a will and a consciousness outside of what he could perceive. It knew of him, but wasn’t really bothered by him. He could only ever touch one small part of it at a time, anyway. Jonas took a deep breath, clearing his mind as much as possible. For the longest time, he’d been unable to sit still for anything at any time, so Finn had taught him how to slowly calm down one piece of his body at a time. Jonas relaxed his toes, remembering the way Finn had talked about life as a First Order Stormtrooper had left him constantly tense and contained, like a active wire. He relaxed his legs and his arms next, making sure not to nap or twitch his fingers. Then he took three deep breaths, in and out, the way Master Luke had insisted he learn, and released all the energy out of his chest and back and head. In, chest, out. In, back, out. In, head, out. He did that over and over until the calm that had taken him so much time to learn settled over him. “Very good, Jonas.” Master Rey’s voice was far away now, gentle and warm in a way he rarely heard from her. At times like this, part of him wondered if she really had known his parents before he was born and had lied about it. He made her both too happy and too sad for her not to have some deeper connection. “Now, I want you to feel for the Force, just like you always do, but, instead of just watching it, I want you to call it into yourself. Let it flow through you.” Jonas opened himself up more, willing the Force to move into him. Nothing happened. He took another deep breath, trying to pull the Force closer, to make it move. The Force was supposedly in everything already. What was wrong with it now? “It’s not working!” Jonas complained, the words slipping from him faster than he could hold them back. Master Rey and Master Luke were not normally appreciative of whining, although Finn was more forgiving when Jonas was in a bad mood. “It’s okay.” Rey said gently. She sat across from the young boy, taking a deep breath, “Feel the force, Jonas,” she murmured, “it lives in you.” “I’m trying!” Jonas said, closing his eyes tighter and reaching out for the power he knew that lay just beyond his reach. He suddenly felt a hot spike of something curl through him, but knew immediately that it was not what he had meant to call. “Jonas,” Master Rey said sharply, “Listen to me, let go of your emotions. Don’t be afraid or frustrated. Trust the Force. You know what it feels like. Surrender your emotions, make yourself open and empty. Trust me, it will come.” Jonas took a deep breath, setting aside his anger and disappointment. Master Luke had said his parents had been strong in the Force. He wanted to use it! He wanted to be like them! What if they had mastered the ability to live after death, within the Force, like the last Jedi masters? He could finally have the parents he always wanted. “Jonas,” Master Rey said soothingly, “I learned to use the Force in self-defense. Master Luke first contacted it in battle. We want you to have this moment of peace. You know what it feels like, where it lies around you. All you have to do is open yourself to the Light. You can do it. I believe in you.” Jonas suddenly felt an urge to simply give up. He relaxed his body, flopping back onto the grass behind him, arms open to the sky. He couldn’t see or hear Master Rey, but he could feel the judging look she was giving him. He was never going to feel the Force the way they did. He was going to have to settle for- A warm presence flowed slowly through his mind and his body. He could feel it, the pressure and sheer size of it, like being suspended within water while also feeling the ocean’s tides in his own body. He sighed, able to sense the presence of millions and billions of things that didn’t have a conscious separation, but all flowed together. It was like holding a stone, knowing it was comprised of tiny grains of sand. A strong sense of peace settled in his chest, both a comforting weight and a release of the pressure he’d been feeling before. Behind his closed eyelids, he could also see the tendrils of the Universe that connected him to Master Rey and to the grass and to every grain of dust in the sky and to every other thing in the Universe. The Galaxy lived and died and breathed as one thing within the Force. “This is the Force, my young padawan.” Rey said, her voice warm and gentle, “When all else fails, this is what you are a part of. The Force has chosen you, as it chose every Force User before you. You can choose which side you wield, but, in the end, you belong to the Force as much as its power belongs to you.” “I see that.” Jonas said, opening his eyes, still sensing the connections between him and the world around him, “Is Ben in the Force, too? Did he learn how to keep his presence alive?” “I don’t believe he did, no.” Rey said, “I know Master Obi-Wan taught Master Luke while he was on Ach-To, but that was after Ben was gone.” “Oh,” Jonas said, disappointed, “I wanted to meet him.” “I know.” Rey said, sighing, “Me too.” Jonas sat up, slowly letting go of his awareness of the Force, settling back into a new, open, and contented state. “Does it feel like that all the time?” “I wish.” Rey said, smiling down at him, “but no. Much of what we do in combat is a about imparting our will on the Force in something or around ourselves. That’ll make more sense when you’ve had more training. For now, we have lunch in the speeder. I decided a nice picnic would be a good way to celebrate today.” “Thanks Master Rey!” Jonas said, grinning. He really appreciated the way Master Rey always seemed to want to bring food to things. It made hanging out with her all the funner. “I’ll go grab it, hang on.” Master Rey said, standing and walking down the hill to the speeder. Jonas watched her go for a moment, then flopped back onto the grass. He lay there for a moment, then closed his eyes. He reached out through the Force again, hoping somewhere out there, he could feel his family. In the distance, he felt a single consciousness. It was faint and shrouded in darkness, but it was there. A strange sense of familiarity settled in him, but he wasn’t sure what that meant. He probably needed more training, he decided, but one day, he’d meet that other person. I wonder if my father thinks about me, Jonas thought, opening his eyes and watching the clouds above his head. If his parents had somehow kept their consciousness within the Force, maybe they wanted to meet him as much as he wanted to meet them. He heard Master Rey climbing up the hill and stood up to help her, putting aside thoughts of his family for a later day. ***** Rey heard Finn curse behind her as more stormtroopers landed on the planet’s surface, pouring out of their carrier before it had even landed. “How do they still have any troops!?” Rey bellowed in exasperation, spinning her saber around to catch the blaster fire, deflecting it off of the blade, back at them, “And where are those reinforcements!?” “No idea!” Finn said, jumping behind a boulder as some mega blast shot past him. He stood, drawing his new lightsaber with one hand and his blaster with the other. “I thought Jedi don’t use blasters!” One of the Resistance fighters next to them. “These do.” Rey said. She peeked around the boulder and then rolled away from the edge of the boulder as a beam chipped away at the rock next to her and nearly clipped her shoulder. She looked up at the destroyer, The Imperator, suspended in the air above them now, “We’ve got to get up there! There’s going to be more troops on there. We just need to bring the whole ship down.” “How do you expect to do that?” Finn said, half-standing long enough to fire a few rounds from his blaster before another near-miss shot send him back onto the dirt. “We steal the transport vehicle.” Rey said, pointing to the empty troop-carrier behind the line of enemies. “And how do you expect to do that?!” Finn said incredulously. “We blow our way through the stormtroopers and take it.” Rey said, “Give me your blaster and a few minutes. I can turn it into a bomb. We’ll need some cover, but you and I can do it.” “What’s to stop them from blasting us out of the sky?” Finn asked. “The will of the Force?” Rey offered, “Finn, we have to do something or we’ll be overwhelmed. Our little battalion is not going to beat them, not with these numbers. Unless Ewoks are suddenly going to drop from the sky, we’re going to have to do it ourselves.” Finn looked at her for a single second, searching. His dark face had grown tanned from their weeks on this planet, which had sunlight all day in the summer, save for the line of his eye protection around his eyes. He reminded Rey, in that moment, of one of the small desert foxes that had migrated across Jakku in the winters, always inquisitive and fierce. “Okay.” He said. “Cover me!” Rey said, diving from her rock to his and taking his blaster from his hand. She curled around it, settling the weapon into her lap, quickly opening the side panel to look inside. She was so glad that Finn’s desire for regulation had kept him from poking around in here too much. A lot of people modified their blasters to some degree these days, which made her wary about poking around them too much. Rey half-tuned out the sound of fire and shouting as she started altering the wiring, directing all the power back into the main plasma core, careful to energize it slowly, leaving one pipe the ability to pass the cooling system so that the weapon didn’t explode in her lap, “Finn, I’m going to need a target in about 30 seconds.” She said, rerouting one of the main power transporters back into the plasma core, holding her breath, already feeling the metal heat up beneath her fingers. “Finn, I’m going to need that opening a little sooner than expected.” Rey said as Finn ducked down beside her. The blaster trembled under her fingers. She looked over her shoulder, saw a small gap between a group of troopers, and chunked the blaster as hard as she could at them. By some miracle, it hit a trooper square in the chest. They caught it and looked down at smoking blaster. “GET DOWN!” Rey said, ducking down. She saw a Resistance fighter standing up, too focused on aiming at the troopers to hear her. Suddenly, the fighter went sprawling into the dirt a split second before the blast behind them sent Rey face-first onto the ground. “I got him.” Finn mumbled next to her, his arms over both of their heads. “Nice Force-shove.” Rey said, sitting up and looking over her shoulder at the troopers behind them. More than a dozen had died, by the look of it, their bodies propelled into their fellows, leaving almost 50 of them on the ground, buried under their comrades, both living and dead. “Let’s move!” Rey said, jumping over the boulder to run through the broken line of troopers. Finn’s footsteps pounded loudly behind her as Resistance fire echoed around them. She took a step and heard a sickening crunch, but didn’t let herself look down, forcing her gaze ahead to the transporter. A blaster bolt grazed her arm and she turned to see Finn’s saber swing up on her left side to black a second shot from one of the fallen troopers, half-alive and buried under a comrade. Finn stepped closer, swung his saber down through the trooper’s helmet, then turned and ran after her. Rey scrambled onto the transporter, rushing to the cockpit immediately. She inspected the controls and found the autopilot override button, switching the transporter to manual. “Grab on!” Rey said, hearing multiple sets of footsteps behind her, “Finn, you okay?” “Yeah!” Finn called, “We got backup, apparently.” “Oh, well isn’t that nice!” Rey said, pulling up and hitting the air. She aimed directly for the main open port on the destroyer, hoping to get lost in the shuffle of transporters coming in and out from the battlefield raging on the planet below. Rey thought of their little flank below, the rest of her battalion defending for themselves. All she could do was will the Force to be with them. “Be ready!” Rey said, “We’re coming in hot!” The transporter skidded across the main hanger with a horrific screech, crashing into various objects and nearly unseating Rey every time. She shrieked and grabbed at the straps of the pilot’s harness, feeling the force of the ship as it finally slammed into the back of the hangar. “Finn?” Rey asked, looking around groggily, glad she hadn’t hit her head on the control panel. “I’m fine!” Finn said, “but we’ve got to move!” Rey stood up shakily, then looked through one of the viewing holes, seeing the carnage beyond them. They’d apparently hit several First Order craft on their way in and left a trail of general debris in their wake. Stormtroopers were running toward their craft, but kept getting distracted by chunks of different spacecraft that were peeling apart from the force of the impact. Rey and Finn rushed to the opening, raised their hands in unison, and knocked the five closest stormtroopers back onto the ground. When a few more rounded a broken TIE-fighter wing, Rey hoisted up a fallen trooper and sent him flying into his fellows. Rey ducked as the blaster volts started flying around her, then, with a final effort of frustration, she called on the Force and sent the entire line of stormtroopers back as far as she could, watching with them topple out of the hangar. “Rey, let’s go!” Finn shouted, “We’ve got to-” Something exploded on the hangar, sending Rey and Finn flying back onto the transporter’s cockpit. Rey slammed into the chair, grunting as the wind was knocked out of her. “What was that?” Rey groaned, rubbing the spot on her abdomen that she knew was going to bruise. “Probably one of the ships we hit,” Finn said, crawling back out from where he’d rolled under the control panel, “Something might have destabilized in the main power core.” “Always a good sign.” Rey said. The entire destroyer shuddered under her feet and she looked up to see Finn staring at his own shoes. She broke into a run, heading to the open doorway, drawing her lightsaber. “New plan?” Finn asked, two steps behind her. “Yeah,” Rey said, “Steal an operational ship before anything else explodes.” “Good plan.” Finn said, jumping down from the troop platform and onto the hangar itself. Stormtroopers were rushing around, looking for her and Finn, but there was so much wreckage that even the glow of her lightsaber didn’t stand out. “You see anything functional?” Finn asked. “I’ll settle for garbage!” Rey said, looking around. Then she realized, with a sinking feeling, that there was nothing. Everything was either damaged or out there, firing on her troops. “Finn…” She said, looking over her shoulder at him. “I know.” Finn said, his dark eyes focused intently on her, full of determination, “Let’s just bring this thing down, then,” Rey nodded, then turned and led the way into the main hull of the ship. She knew these destroyers like the back of her hand. Most of her time in the First Order had been spent on the Finalizer , and the Imperator was its twin. She closed her eyes, pressing her hand to one of the interior walls. She could sense the massive engines beyond, deep in the body of The Imperator. Now, she couldn’t use the Force to shut off the engines, but she could turn the screws on the exhaust valves, which would do the same. “Finn, cover me.” Rey said, pressing her forehead and palms to the metal. She reached out with the Force and slowly turned one of exhaust valve screws loose, moving swiftly onto the next one and then the next. After thirteen screws, the valve shuddered and came loose. One down, a dozen more to go. Rey felt sweat drip down her face as Finn swore and deflected blast after blast beyond her. “Rey!” Rey shoved out with the Force and felt an entire pipe’s worth of screws shatter under her frustration. She returned to the two broken pipes and yanked them, as hard as she could, out of the way. “Let’s go!” Rey said, looking over her shoulder and drawing her saber. A trio of stormtroopers faced her, lining the hallway. She heard clicks on either side and realized, with a jolt, that they were surrounded. She glanced left and saw three storm troopers, with blasters pointed at her. Judging by the change in Finn’s breathing when he looked to the other side, the same held true there. “Don’t-” A blast shook the entire ship, flinging Finn and Rey forward into the stormtroopers. They collided heavily, but Rey managed to knock a blaster out of one trooper’s hand and kick him into his fellows as Finn shot the other two. The pair broke into a run, racing back up the hallway, even as blaster beams glanced over their heads. Finn turned as he ran, firing behind them. When they reached the main hangar, it was bedlam. Troopers raced around, trying to secure the different First Order craft, even as the ship shuddered and lurched beneath them and TIE fighters continued to take off. As Rey looked, she realized that there were dozens of people in multicolored Resistance uniforms running around as well. Her heart leapt into her throat, even as she raced down the steps. The ship shuddered again as Rey started shouting to the Resistance fighters, “Fall back! FALL! BACK! It’s going to blow!” Someone shoved her to the side and a blast flew past her, bouncing off the wing of a TIE fighter and exploding on the vest of a stormtrooper. Rey turned to see who it was, but a familiar voice was already shouting orders to the other fighters. Lylin was telling their soldiers to fall back. He’d made it! The reinforcements had come! They could win this, here and now. Lylin threw an arm across Rey’s shoulders, forcing her head down as he fired to her left. “You good?” He bellowed in her ear. “Yeah! Took you long enough to get here!” Rey called. She heard Zhet’s laugh over the roar of the X-wings flying into the hangar, past them. “Took a wrong turn!” Lylin said, standing up and pulling Rey to her feet. “See, I don’t want to like you,” Rey shouted over the din, aiming her lightsaber behind Lylin’s head, blocking a shot to his skull, “but then you come in with charming one-liners like that.” “Does that mean we’re still on for tomorrow?” Lylin asked, moving so his back was to hers as he guarded her back and aimed an impossible shot at a stormtrooper, catching them right under the helmet. “If we live through this, then yes.” Rey said, “But, if I die here, I may not make it tomorrow, I’m just saying.” “I’ll take it.” Lylin said, swearing when a bolt caught the side of his blaster, destroying the firing mechanism. Left weaponless, he chunked it at the Stormtrooper. There was a horrible screeching noise from the ship and Lylin grabbed Rey’s hand, rushing towards a Resistance ship. Stormtroopers had stopped firing on them, for the most part, instead rushing to evacuation craft. Rey ducked behind the ship’s wall, looking for Finn. It took her only a heartbeat to find him. He was running straight towards her, blaster in hand, yelling at the top of his voice, even as no one was shooting at him. All the stormtroopers, it seemed, were busy trying to get away or trying to repair the irreparable damage. EVen the combatants seemed distracted. Rey glanced away and realized why: X-wings kept shooting at them from outside, darting close to and then away from the creaking, crumbling ship. Rey pulled one last resistance soldier into the ship as Commander Lylin slammed a button on the “close hangar” door. “Get us out of here!” Rey shouted over her shoulder. The pilot didn’t need to be told twice. Rey took a deep breath as they hit the atmosphere, reaching up to grab one of the handles above her head. She closed her eyes, reaching out in the Force for the three dying resistance soldiers left on the Imperator , even as the ship burst apart. She couldn’t save them, but she kept close to them, doing what she could to flood their nervous systems with peace and contentment. The least she could do was ensure their last moments weren’t painful. She took a shuddering breath as the Imperator blasted apart, filling the sky with bright light. She felt a warm presence against her back and glanced over her shoulder. Commander Lylin was standing behind her, but he’d reached his hand to grip the bar over the strap she was holding. His face was lit up from the golden light outside, his dark eyes boring into hers. He didn’t smile, but leaned closer to her, drawing her strength from her. They’d made it. “Can you sense how many we lost?” Lylin asked quietly so only she could here. Rey shook her head, “I know there were 3 on there when it exploded, but I don't know how many were already gone.” Lylin nodded, sighing deeply, “I’m glad we could at least take the Imperator down. That's been a thorn in my side for months.” “I’m glad this was worth it.” Rey said quietly, looking around the ship as they hit hyperspace. Some of the men were discussing the battle, others were nursing injuries in the dark, but most were quietly staring off into space, trying to recover from the battle. Rey knew they’d never fully get over it. She leaned back against him, knowing she never would, not really. Lylin rested his chin on her head and she knew he wouldn’t either. But at least they could do it together. Rey spent the entire ride through hyperspace and back to base in a kind of haze, focused only on the occasional rattle of the ship and on Lylin’s breathing against her back. She didn’t notice when they landed except that people were shifting around her as the soldiers grabbed their gear and got to their feet. “Rey, let’s go.” Zhet said quietly in her ear, nudging her with his elbow. His demeanor had changed since the battle. He'd relaxed, allowing some of the fight to leave his body. He wasn't Commander Zhetam Lylin. He was her Zhet. Rey nodded and turned, walking with him in silence. He quietly took her hand as they made their way up the steps of the main hangar and into the base’s many passageways. “Where are Jonas and Gida’smoo?” Rey asked, looking around. “Probably in their rooms.” Zhet said, “Luke likes to keep them away until you’ve debriefed and had a chance to recover a little. I don’t know if you’ve noticed that…” “I hadn’t.” Rey admitted, a rush of gratitude for the old jedi warming her heart, “Sorry.” Zhet shrugged, “It’s my job to notice.” “Your job?” Rey said skeptically, unsure how Luke’s approach to parenting was part of being a commander, but Zhet just grinned teasingly. “Yeah, y’know, I wouldn’t be a good overprotective boyfriend if I didn’t notice what goes on with the most important people in your life.” Rey smiled for real now as they turned onto the passageway to the command hub of the base. “Are you spending the night?” She asked, trying and failing to casually change the subject. “I’d like to.” Zhet said, trying and failing to keep his voice neutral. Both of them had trouble sleeping right after a battle, especially if they’d been on the surface. Rey had asked the question more as a courtesy, but she honestly knew it was a given. Zhet slept over in her quarters half the time and had for months. She turned her head to look at him, taking in the familiar long nose, dark skin, and straight black hair pulled in a high ponytail. He noticed her looking at him and turned to meet her gaze, raising one thick eyebrow. Rey stopped in the middle of the hallway and he stopped, too. She raised one hand to his face, her finger still a little tanned and blistered from the time spent in the hot sun and traced the line of his prominent cheekbone. “Rey?” Zhet asked carefully, gently curling one long-fingered hand around her wrist. He didn’t move her away, but his dark eyes were looking at her with a soft and concerned expression. He could have died today. This sensitive, expressive, brilliant, dedicated, and loving man could have died today and she would have had to ride in the hangar alone. Would have returned to a bed that was hers, but was empty without him. “Stay in my quarters.” Rey said quietly, not really caring if anyone was around them. “Okay.” Zhet said slowly, clearly unsure why she’d stopped just to ask him to spend the night like they did so often. “Rey, are you-” “No,” Rey corrected herself, “Live in my quarters, for good. My quarters are yours.” Zhet’s face was unresponsive for so long that Rey considered using the Force to erase herself from living memory. However, after a moment, his shock melted away to a wide and earnest smile. He leaned forward and kissed her lightly. His hair had started falling out of his ponytail after the battle and the ride and strands of it ticked Rey’s face, making her wrinkle her nose even as she smiled up at him. “Of course, Rey,” Zhet said, “Now, let’s get to briefing before the General decommissions both of us and we lose our housing.” Rey laughed, taking his hand as they walked quickly down the hallway to Organa’s office. ***** “When did we get old?” Poe asked quietly six weeks later, sipping his mug of whatever cheap ale this bar served, “We started off fighting in a war and now we’re old.” “Speak for yourself.” Finn said, chuckling, “Rey and I aren’t even 30.” “By the Force,” Poe said, “How old were you when we first met?!” “23, sort of,” Finn said, looking bemused at Poe’s sudden epiphany, “Rey was 19.” “You two were children, running around Starkiller.” Poe said gruffly, “Barely older than Jonas.” “Oh please.” Rey said, shaking her head, “You stop being a child the moment you’re old enough to work. I don’t think I ever was a child.” “Stormtroopers reach maturity and finish training at 18 standard years.” Finn said. Poe looked from one to the other, “I didn’t know I wanted to be a pilot until I was 25.” He said, laughing and shaking his head, “I guess the war jump-starts everything, huh? We’ve got one parent, two officers, and a jedi in this circle.” “And one person in a committed relationship.” Rey said, nudging Finn with her elbow. Fynn had started dating one of the technicians, a specialist in protocol droids, shortly after she and Jonas moved back to the main Resistance base full time. That had been nearly five years ago, which was odd for a number of reasons. First, Finn had never had a girlfriend before that and second, most relationships in the Resistance either moved onto marriage or were tragically cut short. Rey liked Todra Alucard more than most people in the Resistance. She balanced the line between duty and self well while maintaining a sense of humor. Many others here served out of guilt, a desire for adventure, or revenge against the First Order. Todra, however, was merely a woman who had a talent she wanted to use to help the galaxy. Rey could appreciate that. Rey glanced at Finn out of the corner of her eye and noticed the serious and contemplative expression he had on his face. It worried her. She and her best friends spent way too much time apart these days, judging by the fact she had no idea why he would be looking like that. Sure, they’d suffered losses recently, but not ones that would follow him to his night off, not like this. “What’s wrong?” Rey asked, afraid that their Finn and Todra were having problems and he didn’t want to tell them yet, especially after they’d spun all that about their supposed happiness. “I’m going to propose to Todra.” Finn said, staring into his ale. He chewed the corner of his thumb, then glanced at Rey and Poe, who were grinning at him. “Don’t look so depressed about it!” Poe said, laughing. He nudged Fynn’s arm, grinning, “Are you being forced into it?” “No,” Finn said sheepishly, his blush evident even against his dark skin, “I just… didn’t want to make a big deal or anything.” “Finn, this is a big deal!” Rey said beaming, “You’re in love! You’re going to get married! This is amazing.” She touched Finn’s hand, “Make this a big deal. Shout it from the rooftops! Put it on every holo and tell every person you meet. This is good news. This is good news that no one has to hide or lie about or be afraid of. This is purely good news.” “If she says yes,” Poe amended. They all laughed, Finn breaking into his usual wide smile. Rey knew the real source of his trepidation: he and Poe had dated before she returned to the Resistance. They had split up over their respective careers and moved on, but Rey sometimes wondered if they both were a little guilty for ending a relationship forged in the fire of Starkiller and starting new, easier relationships. Finn’s worries were groundless, Rey saw. She was able to feel the sheer excitement and appreciation radiating off of Poe. Whatever their history, Poe was first and foremost Finn’s first real friend and wanted nothing but happiness for him. Rey sipped her drink, wondering if Finn could sense the pure light in Poe right now. Judging by his smile and the tension leaving his shoulders, he could. Notes: Bonus points to whoever guesses who the distant consciousness is. ALSO rebound boyfriends, healthy and supportive breakups, and fluff. Hope y'all like it! ~~~ Attention, as of this chapter, there will be no more daily updates. I will shoot for every Tuesday, but that may change. If I get really far ahead and finish the entire fic early, I will post daily, if not, we'll go with the weekly posts. Also, I'm having a root canal the day this was due, so I'm posting it a day early because I'm so nice! However, it may take me a while to approve comments or respond for the next two days. It's not out of lack of love, I promise, it the fact that my face hurts, a lot. May the Force be with you! Chapter 7 : Author's Note and Apology (Jan 4) Alright, I know this was supposed to be Chapter 7. However, I fainted a few days ago, I fainted at work and have had to do a lot of work and some testing. Because of this, chapter 7 and, possible Chapter 8 will be late. I'm sorry. I'll try to keep ya posted! Chapter 8 : Another Author's Note: Further explanations So, when I put up my author's note last week, I didn't really offer much explaination as to what was happening. However, since thia fic is as much an exercise in discipline as anything else, I have decided to always post SOMETHING every Tuesday, even if it is an apology like this. Long story short, I fainted at work on December 29. I didn't go to the hospital, but when I went to the doctor about a week later, she said I should avoid non-essential screen time, in case I injured my head, to give my brain a rest since I was working a lot and starting school. This meant progress on 'Legacy' was at a crawl, due to my limited time and energy to work on it. On Sunday, January 8, I fainted or fell at work again and my mother (whom I love dearly) ordered no more screens until I get some further testing at my appointment with a cardiologist, which is this afternoon. My life is a little complicated at the moment, but I also really love and believe in this fic and really appreciate those of you who do, so I will try to get back on the horse as much as I can without stressing myself out, but updates may look more like this on and off until we get to the bottom of my heath issues. I am still writing, but it's slower going on paper than my computer, so we'll see if I can catch up or not. Whatever happens, I will try to respond to comments, questions, and theories on all chapters, but that may be more delayed than I'd like. Thank you for your patience and support. May the Force be with you. - The Hummdinger Herself Chapter 9 : Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "The heart of a father is masterpiece of nature.” - Abbe Prevost, Manon Lescaut Kylo Ren stood in the darkness of his mother’s office, running his hands under her desk, looking for the hidden latch that he knew was there. If he knew Leia Organa, and he had to grudgingly admit that he did. The General, Leia Organa, was dead. Here he was, a week later, rummaging in her desk searching for ancient holocrons. Life was funny like that. He’d blame it on the Force, but the General hadn’t ever really appreciated the will of the Force as an explanation for anything, so he left it. Kylo Ren had decided to take advantage of the grief of the Resistance to go after the three ancient holocrons that the First Order knew Leia Organa had owned. He was sure they were hidden away from everyone because, as much as she loved her family, Leia Organa was not one of the most trusting people in the galaxy. Her quarters were nothing more than a bed and dressing table and had been since the Resistance formed, which means the holocrons had to be here. Luckily, Kylo Ren had grown up around Han Solo. As much as Leia knew how to hide something of value, Kylo knew how to find it. This was his one inheritance from the mother he hadn’t seen since he was 10. The one he’d never see again. A heart attack. A heart attack had killed Leia Organa, survivor of two Republics, an empire, and two revolutions. Kylo could feel the grief radiating through the entire base. It wasn’t grief he was used to. No one could be blamed for the death, here. There was no revenge, no closure, just pain. A latch gave way under his hand and he leaned back. Kylo smiled to himself, looking down at a trio of ancient holocrons and, surprisingly, a much newer model, dated within the last galactic year. Suddenly, Kylo heard a click followed by an alarm. His heart dropped into his stomach and he cursed his own pride. The only human who had spent more time with Han Solo than him was his mother. He should have known it was rigged somehow. Kylo Ren called upon the shadows of the dark side, allowing them to envelope him and shield him from sight. He stepped into the hallway and found it shockingly empty. So, this wasn’t part of the base’s main alarm system. Still, that didn’t buy him much more time. Kylo Ren felt a group of guards patrolling up the hallway to his left, so he turned ight. Still, no major alert. He was, however, moving away from the hangar, towards the interior of the base and the residential quarters. Climbing down a level to avoid another patrol, Kylo suddenly felt his uncle’s force signature close by. It was tempting to kill him now, while he slept, but Kylo knew he wouldn’t be able to do that and escape with the holocrons. This information was too important to the supreme leader. His uncle could wait. Kylo Ren pressed his palm to the scanner of a room near his uncle’s, using the force to manually shift the door into the unlocked position. He ducked inside and tried to think. Kylo leaned against a wall, taking slow, deep breaths and trying not to get overwhelmed in how own panic. He was a capable commander, capable of grace under pressure. He could handle this. Kylo Ren thought of his early childhood suddenly. Leia Organa was a brilliant tactical and political strategist, but also a focused and severe person. He thought back to the first Senate meeting he’d attended. He had never been good at editing what he sensed through the Force and, at age 5, he’d had no ability whatsoever. He’d walked into e main congregation and reception room, seen and felt the entire Senate and their families, and had run and hid. Senator Organa, general and war hero, had found him under a table, reminding him how duty overruled fear. He had to be stronger than his fear. He was the first in the next generation of Jedi. He had to be better. He would be. He was. Kylo Ren took another deep, slow, calming breath and closed his eyes. He reached out through the Force. He was surrounded by so. Many. people, on all sides, all stressed and distressed and grieving. And an increasing number of them were on the alert. Kylo heard a noise in the room adjoining his hiding place. He walked to the doorway of the room and looked inside. It was a child’s room, very spartan, like one he’d expect in a military base. In fact, he would’ know it was a child’s room if i wasn’t for the child-sized bed, handful of toys, and the half-awake child sitting up in the bed. Kylo Ren stared into the face of the young human boy as he sat up sleepily and rubbed his eyes. He was alone and the only resident of the room, that Kylo could tell. He felt a rush of annoyance that a child was given his own room, especially at so young an age. The boy was no older than seven and, now that Kylo was paying real attention, already strong in te Force. He was probably the child of some Resistance member or Republic senator. In an effort to impress the parents or their permission to train the boy or for their continual support of the leaderless Resistance, the child had been given his own accommodations. How nice. And convenient, Kylo thought, Here is my ticket out. The child, sleepy, weak, and important, would serve as the perfect hostage. Ren watched the boy for another moment, who blinked sleepily at him. “Come with me, quietly.” Ren said. He hoped the mechanization of his voice didn’t disturb the child enough to make him scream or cry. He needed a hostage, not a body. The boy nodded, rubbing his knuckles into his eyes and climbing out of his bed. He couldn’t have been older than six or seven and wrapped his shoulders in an overlarge blanket he’d been holding in his sleep. “What is that?” Ren asked warily. There could easily be some tracking device in it. “My parents gave it to me.” The boy answered. Ren looked at him for a heartbeat, then thought about his grandfather’s helmet and the lifeline it provided him, tethering him to the dark. He also thought, vividly, of his parents. He’d been ten when they’d sent him away with nothing to keep of them. He’d even been given new clothes, more befitting a jedi, his parents had insisted. The blanket would slow the boy down, for sure, but he would let the child keep it, for now. “You will come with me.” Kylo said firmly, one hand on the boy’s arm, “If that blanket slows you down, you will leave it behind, do you understand?” “Yes.” The boy had wide hazel eyes. He was scared, but calm, as if he could see that Kylo was reluctant to hurt him, even if he was forced to. Ren looked into the child’s face and found, with a jolt, that his hazel eyes were very familiar. He reached out through the Force, wondering if he’d met him somewhere, but his Force signature was new. Since he had the Force, he’d be much harder to control, but Kylo had enough of an advantage over him in simple terms of size of size and strength, so he had little actual need for the Force. Kylo led the child into the main room, waved a hand, and stepped into the hallway. The boy hurried along in his wake, not even flinching when Kylo drew his saber from his belt. Instead, he seemed entirely focused on keeping his blanket tightly held below his chin as he struggled to keep up with the much larger man. Kylo knew he wasn’t just much older than him, but was tall in general, so he forgave the boy from the half-jogging steps he had to take. It didn’t make him slow down at all, because his survival depended on escaping, but he did feel a little bad for it. Kylo sensed soldiers ahead of him, rushing to some unknown target- probably his mother’s office- and simply turned right one hallway short of them, running parallel in the opposite direction. He had little chance of making it to the hangar and less chance of escaping from there; all the logical exits would be covered. It was the first rule of catching an intruder: make sure they can’t leave without having to go through you. However, if the Maker closed the door, he would open a window. And, as Han Solo would always add, in case he won’t open a window, always have something capable of carving one. Now this was just a game of finding a ground-level exterior wall. Kylo stopped, sure that the coast was clear for a second, and put a hand to the wall. He could feel five different levels of people below him and only two above him. Great, that put him on the third floor. However, most people were entering and exiting the base through the level directly above him. All he had to do was get himself and the hostage to an exterior wall on the floor above, carve a hole, and make it through the wilderness to where he’d hidden his ship. Simple. I have a bad feeling about this, Kylo thought, hurrying down the hallway towards the nearest clear stairway. He and the boy got up it without much difficulty, although he had to force the boy to move ahead of him to avoid nearly ripping the child’s arm out of his socket. His footsteps thudded on the stairs as he rushed up, feeling around for people close by. He could feel a force signature wake up downstairs behind him. With a jolt, he wondered if it was his mother. And then he remembered that his mother was dead. The Force around him soured. Of course his mother was dead! How could he have forgotten something something at important as this!? The handrail behind him bent with a high groan, snapping him out of his thoughts and back into the moment. He had to stay in this moment, he berated himself, or he would get himself killed. “What happened?” The boy blurted, eyes widening. Kylo immediately cursed himself. This boy was Force sensitive and had felt the shift in the Force. Kylo doubted whether he knew anything about the Dark side, if his only training was from Luke Skywalker. The Force around him would be strange and unnerving to him. Kylo remembered the days when the Force had been strange and overwhelming to him, too, and dismissed the dark side. He paused and looked down at the child’s face for a moment. He wanted to explain, but settled with a curt, “Yes, let’s go.” Kylo reached out with the Force around him, working his way towards an exterior wall of the base. The boy hurried along in general silence, panting and rushing along. Kylo stopped at the exterior wall. He rotated his grip on both the boy and the lightsaber, lighting it and plunging it into the wall. The boy gasped and recoiled from the lightsaber, but didn’t try to escape. He worked through the wall, carving deeper and deeper into the wall. He stepped back and used the Force to shove the section of wall out with a low groan of metal on metal. “Arms up.” He commanded the boy, who raised both his eyebrows and his arms as Kylo extinguished his lightsaber and hoisted the boy up and over the knee-high section of wall left in the cavity Kylo had carved. Not letting go, Kylo stepped through the hole himself, then led the child into the cool green wilderness around him. She probably loves this. The thought appeared, unbidden, in his mind. He forced it away, keeping himself connected to the task at hand and not on his ex-lover. The walk through the forest was agonizingly slow, although he objectively knew they were going quickly. He could feel Luke and Rey awake behind him, as well as two other Force presences that he wasn’t as familiar with. He picked up the pace, even as the boy’s distress registered in his mind. “Please, w-” The boy tripped over a root of his blanket or his own feet and stumbled into the dirt. For a second, anger flared in Kylo’s chest. The boy was probably trying to escape, but then he looked at the child’s terrified and frozen face and pulled him gently to his feet. He half-marched, half-lifted the boy through the woods. He felt the Force shift around him and knew Rey and Luke had noticed the boy’s absence and were searching for him. He did nothing to try to hide him, knowing it was useless in any case. His uncle, his ex-lover, and the traitor would all come for him. It felt like the beginning of one of the bag joke’s his father would always tell him when his mother wasn’t around to hear. As they reached the edge of the forest, Kylo saw his ship. Relief flooded through him, even as he felt Rey and the others hit the edge of the forest. He walked up the grassy slope, feeling them draw nearer and nearer. Kylo Ren turned a hundred feet from his ship, holding onto the boy tightly. He’d been right: there was his uncle, the traitor FN-2187, some stranger in a Resistance military uniform, and her- Rey. She was at the head of the party, lightsaber drawn. The golden saberstaff threw the same golden light across her face in the darkness, just like it always had. “Ren!” Rey called, “Just let- Jonas!” her expression changed when the saw the boy’s identity. He’d been right. This youngling must be her would-be Padawan. Kylo Ren could feel the absolute tension and terror bubbling up within Rey, but he couldn’t feel any darkness. Kylo Ren and Rey Jedi had ended up at the same battles multiple times before, but had never gotten close enough to actually fight until now. He had felt the subtle shift in her Force signature since she’d been his Knight, from darkness to light, but now he couldn’t feel any darkness in her, not even in her fear. “Stay back.” Kylo commanded, pulling the boy a little closer. “Ben, don’t do this.” Luke said seriously, lighting his own green lightsaber. Kylo had to get the lightsabers away from their respective owners. Rey had a saberstaff, Luke had his green one, and- The traitor ignited a bright blue lightsaber that he recognized. FN-2187 was using his grandfather’s lightsaber. Rage flooded his mind and his vision became tinged with red. How could they give the weapon of Darth Vader, the greatest Jedi killer in history, to a former stormtrooper? This traitor to the First Order was holding the weapon of the man who sealed the ascension of the Empire? The boy let out a whimper and Kylo realized that he’d been squeezing his arm too tightly. Kylo pulled his mind back to the moment, setting his emotions and the dark side aside and shouted, “Weapons down!” Rey hesitated for a moment, his fingers twitching, and so he shouted again, which made the padawan jump and made all of the adults drop their weapons immediately. “Master Rey!” The boy called, eyes widening, “What’s happening? Do I have to go?” “No, Jonas,” Rey said gently, “I promise, everything will be okay.” Kylo had never seen her so scared. It appeared Skywalker’s warnings about attachment had falling on deaf ears or Rey didn’t want to lose her first Padawan before his training had even begun. Rey crouched down, but didn’t reach down for her lightsaber, instead looking at the padawan. Ren didn’t move, even though his instinct as a warrior told him to be wary. He just stood there, tightening his grip on the boy’s arm. Kylo reached behind him with the Force, opening the door to his ship. He hadn’t decided whether or not to take the boy with him as insurance. His master would want him to take him with him, but not train him. He was too young, too prone to the light. Kylo could feel the lack of anger or confusion or fear to exploit. The boy was useless to the dark side, for now. Knowing his family, however, he wouldn’t have too long to wait. Rey’s eyes flicked to the door behind Kylo, then to his mask, and then to Jonas. Her hazel eyes were wide and panicked, but she didn’t move closer or farther away. The soldier put his hand on Rey’s arm, his face calm and controlled, leaning forward to speak into her ear. Rey tilted her head up, even as she kept her eyes on Jonas. He spoke and moved with the authority of someone who had once been very close to Rey. Kylo Ren’s jaw clenched. Trust, respect, and a forced distance radiated off of Rey. This man was her lover. Something in Ren soured at the idea that she had moved on while he had not. Rey clearly felt his mood because her head snapped up and looked at him, more terrified than he had ever seen her. She knew this child, this boy, and was desperate to see him safe. She also knew he was angry, but she thought it was directed at the boy. He tried to reach into her thoughts, to understand why his reaction had done so much to her, but she shut him firmly out. Rey’s hair swung forward and fell into her face. It was longer than Kylo had ever seen it, tumbling down her back and catching in the wind. She was still so beautiful it hurt to look at her, especially when her eyes kept flicking from him to her young padawan. Rey’s expression hardened. She was so much colder and controlled than she had been before. He’d remembered the way her mind moved and existed during their first interrogation, but the edges he could feel were so much different. It was more ordered now, but there had been an endearing wildness that was gone. Luke had scorched the serene naturalness out of her mind with the light, the fool. The boy in his grasp, the one they were in tense silence over, was going to end up the same way. It frustrated Kylo to think of it, but couldn’t do much better himself. He wasn’t parenting material. “I should take him with me,” Kylo said, ignoring the terror these words inspired in the padawan, “otherwise you’ll blast me out of the sky.” “Ben, don’t do this.” Skywalker said, his voice tight. “Don’t command me, old man.” Kylo snarled, anger flaring in his chest, “How do I know you won’t kill me the moment I let him go.” “You’ll have my word.” Rey said firmly. As if you word means anything, Kylo wanted to blurt, You claimed to love me, but look at us now. That is, until Rey opened the doors of her mind to him. It was limited, but he could feel her intentions. She didn’t want to hurt him or to kill him. She just wanted her padawan back. Fear and grief were pouring off of her and he remembered that, before him, she’d had no family. General Organa’s death and the danger her padawan was in were afflicting her deeply, reminding him of the grief and loneliness he’d felt when he first entered her mind. She was looking directly at his face now, her hazel eyes slicing through him the way they always had, pleading desperately for him to have mercy on the boy. She was still so beautiful and fierce, even after all this time. By the Force, he did miss her. Kylo Ren released the boy’s arm, letting the child slip from his grasp. Rey let out an almost inaudible whimper as the child ran to freedom. Kylo felt a brief sense of jealously, before he put it aside. She’d used to feel that concerned for him. Rey handed the boy off to the man, not removing her eyes from Kylo Ren. The boy ran past his master, and into the wide and waiting arms of FN2187. The other man, the one with dark gray eyes and long black hair pulled into a long ponytail, stepped forward and touched the boy’s face, his eyes frantically searching the boy’s features for damage. Kylo Ren couldn’t help but notice that both of them had dark hair. He turned his attention to Rey, who extended her stance. Rey’s blade glowed a bright yellow on the grass, throwing golden light on her face, which was very composed and focused. Ren, however, could feel the tension and fear rolling off of her, even if she wasn’t looking at the padawan. They were filled with an emotion he had not seen in years: tenderness and longing. He didn’t know what to do with this information, these feelings, but stepped back towards his ship. He put a hand on his pocket, feeling for the holocrons. Skywalker’s eyes landed on his pocket and colored drained from his face, then straightened, “Rey, the holocrons.” Rey glanced down at Kylo Ren’s pocket, eyes widening. He swallowed. He’d lost his only leverage and now he was going to be facing down three trained Jedi. This did not bode well for him. Rey’s saberstaff was in her hand in the space of a heartbeat and swinging towards his head in another. He raised his lightsaber just in time, catching the blade before it could make contact with his shoulder. The angle was just right that her saber didn’t even catch against his, but glanced off. This also threw her balance off a little bit and he took advantage of his, swinging his body around to aim for her. He heard his uncle and the former stormtrooper ignite their lightsabers and stepped out of range of their thrusts just as reached him. The stormtrooper only hit grass and his uncle had to change the angle of his blow to avoid hitting the other jedi. So they don’t actually fight together often, Kylo noted, even as he caught another one of Rey’s blows. This inexperience could provide an opening later. FN-2187 tried to edge behind him, but he whirled around, cutting a wide blow to the traitor’s side. He’s still angry about the spine, Kylo thought. Good, the traitor’s need for revenge would make him determined, but less reasonable. He’d pass up openings to Kylo’s front, aiming for his back. Kylo would call him cowardly, but revenge and fury were a powerful forces in the dark side. FN-2187 was just a hypocrite. Rey feinted, looking like she was going to his left and whirling around to his right at the last moment. Kylo threw his head and shoulders back to avoid her whirling golden blade and felt pain explode in his leg. He roared in pain, unable to help it, but used that pain to strengthen him, throwing out his left hand to send the entire enemy party back, tumbling over their own feet. Rey landed hard on her knees, weaponless, and he called her lightsaber into his hand, throwing it as hard as he could into the forest behind its owner and out of sight. He turned, stomping into his shuttle and landing heavily into the pilot’s seat. He powered up the ship just as he heard foreign hands on the outside, trying to force an opening. He hit the emergency lock, which had a complicated mechanism that it would take longer to disengage with the Force, and primed for take off. He felt a slight prickle in the back of his mind, like a tentative consciousness in the back of his mind, like a hesitant touch on his shoulder, and glanced to his left. The boy was standing there, unguarded, with a hand raised towards him. The boy was trying to control him or at least speak to him mentally. Kylo tightened his defenses against the foreign sensation and lifted into the air before the adults could break through. As he hit the atmosphere, he could help but berate Rey’s lover for not taking the boy to safety as soon as he was in their care. It would have been all too easy to kidnap the child, if he’d had any obvious use for him. But no, the child was too happy and taking him now would only create an enemy trained in the dark side, which provided no benefit to the Knights of Ren. Contrary to popular opinion, Kylo Ren was a warrior, not a mindless being of evil. He hit the hyperdrive and closed his eyes, letting the pain truly wash over him now. The wound in his leg wasn’t life threatening by any strength of the imagination, but was more of a nuisance than anything. He let his mind wander and relax until he reached the Finalizer , then pulled out of hyperspace and pulled into the hangar. When he landed, technicians rushed forward and one of his favorite knights, Trachiva Ren, stood waiting for him. He disembarked with as much dignity and grace as he could muster, knowing his knight could sense his pain. The technicians, however, who were rushing to secure the ship and check it in, didn’t have to know. “Master,” The knight said, inclining zir head. “Greetings, Trachiva Ren.” Kylo said, inclining his head slightly, “Any further news from the Outer Rim?” He nodded for his knight to follow him and made his way as normally as he could towards his quarters. He wanted to sleep and eat and change all at the same time. It was as if all the emotion at the Resistance base had seeped into his clothes and skin, like her presence was clouding his mind again. He hid all of this from Trachiva, but doubted ze would say anything either way. “We have found nothing conclusive yet,” Trachiva said, scratching absentmindedly at the edge of zir mask where it rested against zir cheekbone, “But we have considered sending out expeditions to Jedha.” “What use is Jedha?” Kylo Ren askd, “It was destroyed by the Death Star years ago.” “Yes,” Trachiva said respectfully, “but we have no conclusive proof that death star wreckage can destroy Kyber crystals. In theory, there could be kyber crystals buried on Jedha.” “Check Scariff as well, if you find some.” Kylo Ren said, nodding and turning to the hallway by his quarters, “Judging by old Imperial records, Galen Erso owned one and, while the Empire didn’t find it on his body, his last surviving relative died on Scariff, unless if was buried in the Rebel base on Jedha.” “I didn’t know there was a Rebel base on Jedha.” Trachiva said, unable to keep the still-youthful quality out of zir voice. The corner of Kylo’s mouth twitched, “In those days, the Rebellion was less of an army and more of a semi-centralized rebellious streak smattered across the galaxy.” “Why the Resistance hails them as heroes, I’ll never know.” Trachiva said, shaking zir head and pausing just short of Kylo’s room. Kylo was tempted to invite zem in, which he was known to do, but decided against it. He had to secure the holocrons and get some sleep. Instead, he bowed his head and dismissed his knight, who kept zir cat-like gaze on him. He always felt like he was being scanned through the narrow, slanting holes in Trachiva’s mask, even though he knew it was just Trachiva, not any special tech. Ze only waited another second before inclining zir head and walking away, leaving him to his own thoughts. Kylo Ren stepped into his room, then closed his eyes as the door shut with a low hum. Unable to take another step, he stood in the doorway and closed his eyes. Unlatching his helmet and putting it under his arm, Kylo took a deep breath, leaning against the door of his quarters for a moment. Then, he looked around. For once, his eyes didn’t find his alter to Darth Vader first, but landed on the little plants on his desk. He watched it’s little leaves as they moved in the little breeze from the air vent, then walked over to the bed, wanting nothing more than to lay down. Kylo thought of the holocrons almost as an afterthought and reached into his pocket to find a hole there. His heart dropped into his stomach as he pulled his hand back and rubbed his fingers over the long slash in the entire left side of his uniform. Of course Rey would think to cut his pocket off of him entirely and of course he wouldn't think to. He'd grown up sheltered, first in an ivory tower as princeling to a dead planet, then cloistered away with the jedi monks, and then on the battlefield, where no one had purses to steal. He hadn’t been used to the weight of the holocrons and had been too distracted by his pain to know the difference. His uncle probably sat somewhere, holding them now, a smug and self righteous look upon his face. Kylo’s master was going to be displeased, Kylo thought, shuddering. He stepped towards the bed and felt a light tap on his leg. He still had one! Plunging a hand into his ruined pocket, he thought of all the military and spiritual history that lay in the tiny data chip, all he had to do was- It was the new one. The holocron in his palm was the new one! Fury pounded through his veins. He was tempted to crush in his fist, to feel the offending metal crunch beneath his hand, but settled for throwing it away. With a PING, it fell behind his bed. He was tempted, for a heartbeat, to tear apart his room. However, he noticed his little plant, which was still sitting on the far beside table and settled for throwing himself onto the bed, sighing. He let his mind wander, eyes closed, and thought about the Jedi padawan. He’d never intended to hurt him, but still felt some guilt over causing so much fear. He remembered the fear in the eyes of his fellow padawans when he and the other knights had raided the school. The child’s eyes, however, still haunted him. His eyes were so familiar, which was the most jarring thing about all of this. Where had he seen those eyes before? He thought, vividly, of the fear in Rey’s eyes when she’d seen him with her padawan. Ren sat bolt upright. Rey. Rey’s eyes. The boy had the same eyes. Exactly the same. Kylo opened his eyes and stared unseeingly at the floor. Rey had a son. The famous Jedi orphan wasn’t an orphan at all, but had been raised by a Force sensitive mother. Was his father the Resistance commander with the dark hair that he’d seen? He thought back, then frowned. The boy had to be at least five or six, but Rey hadn’t been with the Resistance much longer than that, had she? Had she left him, joined his enemies, and had a child with one of them in the space of- what, a year? Or had she been in bed with him the entire time? Who could she have known to produce a child with such dark hair? Hers was so much lighter than the boy’s, so the father must have been- Kylo scrambled to his feet and crossed his room to the refresher, leaning over the sink and gripping onto the sides. He looked at his face in the mirror. Now that he thought about it, the boy did look like him. The dark hair, long nose, mouth and chin shape… Ren leaned closer to his mirror, staring intently at his own reflection. How could this boy look so much like him? With Rey’s eyes? His breath froze in his chest. His son. The boy was his son. As he stood there, taking in familiar features that suddenly seemed so different now, the darkness slowly crept in around him, but it wasn’t here for him. The cold spike of his master’s will, summoning him, shot through the base of his skull. Steeling himself before he appeared before his master, he straightened. He couldn’t stop himself from taking one last look at his reflection and thinking about any little way that his child resembled him. Kylo Ren took slow, calming breaths as he walked from his quarters to the audience chamber. He had a son. The child, the wide-eyed boy, full of light, was HIS SON. He was engrossed in his thoughts, trying to memorize every detail about the child’s face that he’d seen. Why hadn’t he paid attention to the boy? Why hadn’t he focused more on the padawan, not the master? He was so caught up in his thoughts that he didn’t realize he’d reached his master’s chambers until he nearly ran into the doors. Kylo Ren started, then shook himself and stepped through the door. There were a pair of figures standing there beside the projection of his master, waiting for him. When he reached the platform, he saw Hux and Captain Phasma were the ones waiting there, likely for him. This was just getting better. “You have news, Master of Ren?” The Supreme Leader said, turning his piercing eyes onto Kylo. Kylo didn’t want to stay it in front of Captain Phasma and Hux, but his master let out a low growl, so he spoke: “Master, I believe that my uncle’s padawan, the boy Jonas Quorvin, is my son.” “Your son?” The Supreme Leader asked, leaning forward to look down upon him better. Kylo felt Hux stiffen beside him, shock radiating off of him. “Lord Ren has a son?” The General asked, glancing at him. “Apparently so.” The Supreme Leader said, “I sensed a great shift in the Force several years ago but I assumed it was simply your proximity to the traitor. I was mistaken. I should have looked closer.” “I have seen him on my mission, and he not only resembles her, but her love for him is only that of a mother.” Kylo said firmly. The Supreme Leader nodded, “How do you know that he is yours? Could she not have had him after abandoning our cause?” “I believe the boy was conceived before she left us.” Kylo said. Perhaps, he thought, it was the reason she had left. Had she intended to break up his family even more than he’d thought. Kylo Ren looked his master in the face, remembering the sheer untapped power of the child. He thought of the powerful love Rey had for the boy and the tether within the Force tying the pair. He remembered, distantly, the memory of the light force consciousness that he’d felt moths ago, who had sensed him, too. That had been Jonas, “He is mine.” “Were you aware of the traitor’s pregnancy?” “No, master.” “We must collect this child. He is strong in the Force. This child could be your greatest threat or you greatest asset.” The Supreme Leader said carefully, leaning forward, “Darth Vader was distracted from the Purpose of Order by his son. Your own father was made vulnerable to you. Do not allow this child to be a liability.” “And the other Padawan?” Kylo asked, remembering the reports of the young Twi’lek female that Kylo had heard of. “Collect them as well, but the boy is our goal. No one outside of this room is to know of the boy's identity. We will continue in the lie put forth by the Resistance, otherwise every bounty hunter in the galaxy will be after him. We need the advantage of time and information. These younglings have become padawans and we will soon have room to operate with them. ” His master said, “Go, all of you, and gather what you can about this boy. We’ll see if we can’t make Jonas Quorvin a knight yet. Right now, he is swaddled in the light, but we have secrets to reveal to him and inevitable anger to exploit. A boy needs his father.” Ren nodded and walked alongside Hux and the captain out of the audience chamber, keeping himself controlled. Hux walked stiffly, looking at neither Ren nor the captain. He seemed unnerved, but forcing himself to keep control. Ren glanced at Hux, reading his emotions through the force: shock and confusion. “I find myself unable to picture you as a father.” Hux said, his voice flat and matter-of-fact. Ren said nothing. Rey had left on purpose because of this child, to keep the boy away from him. “She deceived all of us, even the Supreme Leader.” Phasma said stiffly. This was the closest to a “do not blame yourself” that Ren knew he would receive. Kylo Ren kept silent and controlled until he reached his quarters, then broke as soon as he reached privacy. He burst into his room, nearly knocking over his plant, and plunged his hand behind his bed. His fingers scrabbled over empty air until he remembered that he had the Force and opened his hand, summoning it into his palm. He sat up, looking at the holocron. Information about his son was on here, he knew it. He crossed to his datapad, plugging the holocron in and sitting down. Images and reports, not of ancient jedi practices, but of a chubby-cheeked baby with hazel eyes and dark hair. Kylo Ren pulled off his helmet and looked down at the holopad, slowly rolling through them, lingering on one in particular. There was a tiny, distant photo of a toddler, stumbling along the beaches of Naboo, judging by the ruins behind him. He was giggling and running to Rey, his mother. Kylo wondered if his own mother had down this with him. Had she ever been able to be this tender with him? Thinking, Kylo closed his eyes and reached out through the Force. He felt the little collection of consciousnesses in the Light all clustered together, so he didn’t approach. He’d wait until the boy was older. Soon, he thought, I’ll know you, my son. Notes: I know it's a day late, I'm sorry, but it's here. For anyone wondering, I am still off work, still not sure why I'm passing out. It's a joy. Chapter 10 : Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Are we being good ancestors?” - Jonas Salk Rey leaned against the hand she had on the table, the holocrons heavy in the pouch under her shirt. She watched the footage of Kylo Ren boarding his ship again, of her rushing his door, weaponless, and trying to use the Force to get her way inside. It was only the presence of the generals that kept her from closing her eyes as she watched herself get thrown back when Kylo Ren took off. Her back was still sore from where she’d landed. Mercifully, they paused the track after that and the tiny image of her, flat on her back and helpless, disappeared. “Well,” Zhet said, turning to the council that had risen haphazardly in the days since Leia’s death, “What do we do now?” “First, we must abandon the base, obviously.” General Ackbar said, waving a hand, “We must scatter. Our base has been compromised.” “I agree,” another general, one Rey had only met one other time, said. She wracked her brain, trying to remember what the woman’s name was. Akuratye, she reminded herself, watching the general lean closer into the circle. She was an analyst, recently promoted by General Organa. Rey hadn’t had a chance to ask Leia what she found to be so special in the woman, but Rey felt like she had to trust that Leia had her reasons and good ones. By the Force, Rey missed her. She wanted her acerbic wit and her warm heart at a time like this, when she was so nervous. Kylo Ren had had Jonas in his hands. He could have taken him away without any chance of rescue or he could have killed her son in cold blood. Her boy could have died tonight. They all could have died tonight, if Kylo hadn’t been so determined to get these holocrons with as little fuss as possible. She realized, with a jolt, that if Kylo had wanted, he could have ended their best hopes for a new generation of Force users in the Light, and her padawans would have had no way to defend themselves. Now she really missed the General. Leia would have known what to do. Someone stepped forward, closer to the inner circle, and stood silently beside Rey. It was Luke. He watched the generals as they began to debate how many should go where and what holdings they needed to defend and whether it was better to retreat back to the New Republic strongholds. “I wouldn’t bother calling anything a stronghold,” Akuratye said, “The Resistance itself has some holdings, but it would be a mistake to put stock in anything not explicitly ours.” “Why?” argued Commander Therandon, a friend of Zhet’s who Rey didn’t particularly like on account of his habit of entering a wide variety of conversations with a confrontational edge and melodramatic flair. “Because we can’t be certain of any allies at the moment.” Akuratye said, “We have no clear leader, not a recognizable one anyway. Half of our Republic sponsors were only here for Organa. We can’t rely on them now, not until we can prove that the cause can survive without her.” “But can it survive without her?” Ackbar asked. The room was silent for a moment as they all looked at each other. So, every one of us has the same doubts, Rey thought, Looks like we’ve found something to agree on. They all were wondering if they could make it through this. “The Rebellion was born in the upper wing of the Old Republic Senate,” Luke said, speaking for the first time since the meeting started, which was several hours ago, now that Rey looked at the clock, “You all know that Darth Vader was my and the General’s father and our mother was Padmé Amidala, a senator from Naboo. Heartbroken from the loss of both the Republic and of my father to the dark side, she didn’t survive long after I was born. The Resistance did. The Resistance is older than Leia Organa and, yes, it is bigger than her, than any of us. We have more trained, battle-tested Jedi in one place than we’ve had since the days of the old order, and our numbers are growing. We can defeat the First Order; we can draw the lines that we will not cross because we have been fighting for liberty and determination for the galaxy for years. This fight is older than any of us and, hopefully, it will end with us.” Rey looked at Luke, then smiled and nodded. She turned to the room. “On Jakku, we told stories of the war like it was a myth, just a reason to explain the Imperial starships half-buried in the sands. The heroes of the Rebellion- Leia Organa, Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Mon Mothma, Cassian Andor- they were legends. Moments like this, days like today, are when legends are born. I’m willing to stay and give Niima Outpost a story worth telling. Are you?” The soldiers all nodded and Rey smiled. “Then we’re going to have to do it ourselves. The greatest battles aren’t fought from the safety of someone else’s house.” “We’ll scatter alright,” Akuratye said, lifting her chin, “but we’re not hiding. And we’re not giving up a single planet. We’ve got a general to honor and a reason to keep going.” These was a murmur of agreement and Rey glanced across the table to see Poe leaning against a pillar. When their eyes met, he grinned and nodded. Rey could feel the pride and admiration rolling off of him. She’d reminded him of Leia. Rey glanced over and saw Finn standing there, an arm around Todra, who was chewing her nails and watching the room. Rey would need to speak to her later. Todra was an efficient and resourceful person, but had a cautious and attentive streak that Rey found to be very helpful. She also had no qualms with belching, and that alone made her one of Rey’s closest female friends. Rey was dragged back to the table as Commander Therandon spoke. “There is the matter of the jedi,” he said, leaning over the table on one arm. “What matter?” Luke and Rey said in unison. “Where we are going to hide them. I know you would want to travel together, but you’d make a highly conspicuous target.” “We can’t train our padawans if they’re not with us,” Rey said, confused. Who was this man to talk about them like they were his to control? “Perhaps their training can afford a small delay, just for safety’s sake,” Therandon offered, lazily waving a hand. “The jedi of old spent years training younglings before they had any padawan braids. Yours can-” “Our padawans can only afford a break if we’re travelling to get them lightsabers,” Rey snapped, frustration pounding in her temples. “Rey, they’re-” Luke began, but Rey cut him off. “They’re not too young. They’re not that much younger than the old order was when they got their sabers and our padawans are in an actual war zone. They can’t afford to take it slow,” Rey said firmly. She remembered growing up on Jakku; how no one got a childhood there. She’d offered her son the longest one she could, but it was time to wake up and get ready for the reality of their lives. “Won’t a weapon make them a target?” Ackbar chimed in. Rey opened her mouth to remind Ackbar that they were Force users in a galaxy where those were few and far in between and that of course they were targets, just as Luke’s old students had been, but another voice chimed in: “They’re already targets, Ackbar. They’re jedi. No one cares about whether a jedi is trained or not. Anyone who knows how to use the force is a jedi, and good thing, too, because we’re going to need them sooner rather than later.” Zhet inched closer, leaning on one hand to insert himself into the circle. He seemed so sure of himself, so intimidating, even though Rey could feel the exhaustion and frustration in him. “Lylin, how sure are you?” Therandon asked, raising an eyebrow, “How much of this is professional and how much is-” he glanced at Rey, “-personal.” “The padawans may not need weapons yet,” Zhet said, “but we need to have the means. What happens if they need their own lightsabers in a year and we can’t afford to send someone to find the kyber crystals it takes to make them? We need to act now, even if not in the same way.” The generals thought for a moment, then nodded. Rey felt like she’d been slapped. She was a Jedi! These were her padawans! How could Zhet just cut her off, lean into the conversation, and suddenly become accepted like that? Humiliation, frustration, and grudging acceptance all settled into Rey, and she stood quietly as they debated who would go where and with what troops. Finally, thank the Force, they were dismissed. Rey turned on her heel and walked off to her dorm. Luke, who could sense her anger, wisely stayed foot, but Rey’s force-blind boyfriend had no such advantage and jogged after her. Rey didn’t want to see him. She felt horrible for admitting it, but she didn’t want to talk to him right now. She’d just sat there and been passed over by the generals she had served for nearly six years by Zhet, who was as Force-blind as they came. “Hey,” Zhet said, catching her hand, “Slow down.” Rey huffed and paused, forcing herself to look at him. “Woah, what’s wrong?” Zhet asked, reading her expression. “Nothing.” Rey lied, trying to pull away from him, “I just need to get these holocrons somewhere safe.” “I don’t believe that.” Zhet said. “Well, it’s the truth!” Rey snapped, effectively proving that this was not the truth. “Are you mad at me or something?” Zhet said, moving around to stand in front of her. His hair was falling out of the hasty ponytail he’d put it up in on the way to the meeting, making him look far less polished than he usually did in front of command. Rey found a bitter sense of pleasure in knowing he looked less official than he wanted to. Zhetam “I am infallible and unphasable” Lylin had bad hair days like the rest of humanity. “No.” Rey said. She wasn’t mad at him, just frustrated that she’d been ignored in favor of him. What he’d said was true and she was glad someone had been able to get the generals to listen to reason, but it shouldn’t have been him. Did they only let her speak because of him? Or were they just sure she was being emotional due to the danger her padawans had been in? “You are!” Zhet countered, “Is it because of the meeting?” “Yes, okay!” Rey snapped, feeling her face redden, “I didn’t need you to jump in like that, I could have made them listen.” “Are you kidding me?” Zhet said, incredulous, “You’re mad because I helped make sure your padawans stayed safe? I agreed with you-” “You shouldn’t have had to defend me!” Rey said, “I’m a Jedi! That should carry some weight. I should be consulted on the welfare of my padawans. Me and Luke are their guardians, not you.” “Well,” Zhet said, his ears a darker shade of red than Rey was used to, “Jedi haven’t been the most consistent in recent history. You can’t blame them for choosing to listen to someone with more than a decade of military experience.” “We’re not military!” Rey shot back, “We’ve had this discussion a million-” “You know what- Fine!” Zhet said, stepping away from her, fuming. Rey could feel his frustration and confusion, but had little sympathy. She was too busy being indignant for herself, “I know we’ve had this discussion. I know. Sorry for trying to help. Sorry for adding some legitimacy to your argument.” He stomped off, shaking a chunk of his increasingly pathetic ponytail out of his face. “Where are you going!?” Rey shouted after him. Now that he was walking away, she felt even angrier. Why did he get to decide that the conversation was over? “I want to go check our defenses, since that’s my job!” Zhet shouted over his shoulder, stomping up the stairs and out of range. Rey growled and turned to face a cluster of scared-looking cadets. She huffed and waved them on, too angry still to find any amusement in the shuffling footsteps they took as they passed her. Rey stomped back to her quarters and paused at the door. If she hid in here, she’d run the risk that Zhet would come back and they’d start fighting again. She didn’t want to deal with any of that, or of him, so she turned and walked towards the training room to work off some steam. Mostly, she was too tired and stressed to do much, so she whacked one of the training dummies with a stick and laid down on a practice mat for a bit. Very mature, Rey, She thought, feeling embarrassed, but not enough to get up and be a real adult. “Well, I hope that training dummy really deserved it.” A voice said from the door. It was Luke. “Please tell me no one else has broken into the base.” Rey muttered, closing her eyes. “No,” Luke said, “I wanted to talk to you about something.” “I don’t want to discuss Jonas and Gida’smoo’s futures this very second,” Rey said, standing up and sighing, “I’m not in a great mood and may just opt to take them away from this whole stupid cause.” “You weren’t joking about the bad mood.” Luke said, chuckling. Rey wanted to his her colleague with the stick more than ever before. Luke must have sensed the danger, because he shook his head, “No, it’s not about that exactly.” “What is it about exactly?” Rey asked, frowning. “I want you to go to Ahch-To and find the kyber crystals that I hid there.” Luke said. “You left them on Ahch- To?!” Rey said, staring at him in horror. “They’re well hidden!” Luke defended, his mustache twitching in embarrassment, “but it’s time to get them.” “You want me to cross the galaxy alone to wander into some caves to find a bunch of scattered kyber crystals?” Rey asked. “No, I want you to take Zhet with you.” Rey rolled her eyes. Of course Luke thought she should take Zhet. She knew she was being petty, but it felt like everyone wanted to hear from Zhet about Jedi affairs. Luke noticed her reaction. “Are you two fighting?” Luke asked, frowning. “No!” Rey said, then paused, “Yes!” She huffed, sitting down and throwing up her hands, “I don’t know!” Luke stared at her for a long moment, doing that infuriating thing he did where he just waited for her to elaborate, rather than ask any of his own questions for real. Finally, Rey admitted, “We argued, yes. I’m kind of mad, okay?” Luke looked at her for another moment, clearly thinking rather than waiting, then shrugged and said, “You don’t- I mean, I thought you two would like a bit of a break.” Rey sighed, closing her eyes, “I’ll talk to him.” “You don’t have to.” Luke said gently. “No, it’s just- Luke, do you think this attachment is unwise?” Rey asked, rubbing her forehead thoughtfully. “Honestly, no. For you, relationships anchor you in the light instead of tugging you into the dark.” “We’re fighting a lot right now.” Rey whispered, “Over silly stuff, sometimes.” “That happens.” Luke said, shrugging, “but you also seemed determined to love and respect each other at the end of the day, and that’s the best any of us can hope for.” Rey remained silent, guilt and uncertainty gnawing at her. She’d been too harsh this morning and she knew it. She was spooked by Kylo and mad at the generals and had taken it out on someone who had actually stood by her side “Zhet cares about you deeply,” Luke said, looking down at her. “I was afraid so,” Rey said wryly, rubbing at her temple. She glanced up when Luke chuckled. He was watching her with the same indulgent amusement that he had for Gida’smoo and Jonas. Rey smiled back, then straightened, “I should go find him,” she said. Luke nodded, “We’ll work out the specifics tomorrow. For now, it’s time to catch up on all the rest my nephew so rudely disturbed.” Rey laughed, but felt a twinge at the mention of Kylo. She’d hoped Luke wouldn’t notice but he, perceptive as always, paused. “Are you alright?” Luke asked, putting a hand on her arm. “Yeah,” Rey said, “I was just so scared. Jonas- I mean- he had Jonas in his grasp. He could have taken him without trying.” Luke nodded, “This was a hard way to see him again for the first time.” “It is,” Rey admitted, “but it would be hard anyway.” She hesitated, then nodded, “I need to go see Zhet.” Luke nodded, picking up the stick and whacking the training dummy with it as she left. Rey reached out through the Force, looking for Zhet’s signature and found him in their rooms. Now that she was really paying attention, she could feel exhaustion, confusion, and pain in him that was much older and deeper than the fight. He missed Leia, too. Rey crept quietly into their rooms, just in case he was asleep, but found him lying awake with an arm thrown over his eyes. “Hey,” Rey said hesitantly. “Hey,” Zhet sighed back, not moving. He didn’t want to argue again, she could feel that, but he wasn’t totally resolved, either. “I thought you’d be here.” “Luke wanted to talk to me about something,” Rey said, using her friend as an excuse, rather than admitting to the murder of training dummies over a man. “What kind of something?” Zhet asked. “Luke wants me to go to Ahch-To.” Rey said, sitting on the bed next to Zhet, who still covered his eyes with one arm. “When do you get back?” “A few days,” Rey said. She reached out and brushed some of the grass off his pants from last night- had Kylo Ren really attacked last night? “What are your specs?” Zhet asked, lowering his arm. “I’m looking for kyber crystals,” Rey said quietly, absentmindedly brushing Zhet’s hair back into his ponytail and then making it smooth. “You can come, too.” “Won’t I step on your toes?” Zhet asked, raising an eyebrow. “No,” Rey said, sighing, “I’m sorry.” “Me too,” Zhet said, reaching up and lacing his fingers through hers, “I’ll go with you to Ach To.” Rey smiled, “Well, then, it’s a date.” Zhet laughed, “We’re in pretty bad shape if missions count as dates.” Rey smiled and moved to lay next to him, feeling him put his arm around her, “I’ll take it.” “What, specifically, are we here for?” Zhet asked as Rey slowly landed the shuttle on the surface of Ach-To. He leaned back in the pilot’s seat, pulling his hair up into the familiar ponytail and looking around at the green scenery around them. “Kyber crystals,” Rey said, “Luke hid five of them in one of the caverns while he was here.” “You knew this? How didn’t you find them before?” Zhet asked. “Luke is really good at hiding things,” Rey said, not looking at Zhet, even as he turned his head sharply to look at her. The corner of her mouth twitched, though, giving away the joke. “No, really, how come you didn’t find them?” Zhet asked. “The oldest known Jedi temples are here,” Rey said, gesturing around them, “And there are thousands of years of Jedi buried here. This place rings with the Force so loudly that it drowns out almost any individual presence in the Force, whether a person or a crystal.” “So Kylo Ren could be on this planet and you wouldn’t be able to tell?” Zhet asked cautiously. “No,” Rey said, standing, “I’d be able to sense him anywhere. C’mon, let’s go look around.” She felt Zhet’s confusion at her cryptic comment, but couldn’t elaborate more. As much as she loved Zhet, her relationship with Kylo was a closely guarded secret, kept away from the public, especially now that she was firmly with the Resistance and training the next generation of Jedi in the light. She opened the ship’s hangar and walked down the plank, looking around at the green of the grass waving gently in the wind. Even after all these years, she felt the thrum of the Force here, just as she had before. She was part of that now, probably. She was just another handprint lost in the jumble of anonymous marks within the Force here. Rey took a deep breath, staring out over the water as the sea breeze ruffled her hair. She watched the waves for a second, remembering the first time she’d climbed these steps, a terrified girl clutching onto hope and a lightsaber. She closed her eyes when the wind picked up and swept over her. “How old were you when you came here?” Zhet asked, walking over to stand next to her. “Nineteen,” Rey said, “It was the first time I’d ever seen an ocean.” “You’d never seen the ocean?” Zhet asked, eyes wide, “Not even in a holovid?” Rey shook her head, “Jakku is big on sand, but low on luxuries like fantasies of plentiful water. I didn’t even know water could exist in quantities like this, really.” “Man, and I thought Coruscant was bad,” Zhet said, “Everything is ‘crete and ‘steel, but you can at least see water and plants, if you know where to go.” Rey nodded, still watching the ocean rush back and forth over the rocks far, far below her. She knew they should get going, but this was the first place she’d felt so peaceful in a long time. The last few weeks had been complicated: three lost battles back-to-back had left her and Zhet arguing, Jonas was starting to ask more unanswerable questions about his fictional parents, and Luke was starting to worry her, talking about his legacy. She knew the Jedi was aging, but she couldn’t bear the thought of losing him, not yet. This place was the last place the galaxy had been simple. She missed the idealistic 19-year-old who’d taken the beautiful, garbage, freighter to see the myth about a lightsaber and the powers she didn’t understand, even though she knew that girl was long gone. “Are you alright?” Zhet asked quietly, touching her arm. Rey nodded, “Just… reminiscing…” “When were you last here?” Zhet asked, blinking against the wind. “Six months after I arrived,” Rey said, turning to find a place to sit, unable to find the will to go and get to work just yet, “I took Luke’s old ship in the middle of the night and drove straight to the First Order.” “To turn him in?” Zhet asked as Rey sat down on the grassy space next to the rock where she and Luke had first sat and talked, all those years ago. “No, I just wanted training,” Rey said, “I even left the map, the droids, and cleared the log. It wasn’t about Luke.” Zhet nodded, “Pragmatic.” There was a hint of amusement in his voice and Rey looked up at him to see him smile. “What?” Rey asked, leaning back on her hands. “Nothing,” Zhet said, casually, “I just really love how direct you are. You’re focused.” Rey stared at her boyfriend for a moment, then rolled her eyes, “Only you would find efficiency attractive.” “No,” Zhet said, leaning forward and kissing her. Grinning against her mouth, he muttered, “I’m sure C3PO would appreciate that, too.” Rey snickered and shoved at his chest, “Come on, it’s time to be professionals, I think.” “There’s that efficiency, again.” Zhet said, winking and straightening, “Alright, Master Jedi, where to?” “We should check Luke’s cabin for some of his old notes and then head to the caverns themselves,” Rey said. “He gave me some of his work that he took when he left, but he also left pages and pages of different little translations and maps of the caves that weren’t tactically useful.” “Why get them now?” Zhet asked, raising an eyebrow as Rey led him down the old steps towards the nook in the island where Luke had made his home for the better part of a decade. “Teaching, mostly,” Rey said, “Some of the inscriptions are older than the holocrons of the Jedi order, I think. Luke wants them close so we can make copies.” Zhet said nothing as they walked lower and lower, which Rey accepted. She couldn’t help but smile as the little stone hut came into sight. Moss and vines had claimed most of one wall in the years since someone had occupied it, but it still looked mostly the same. Rey was glad no storms had damaged the interior. She walked inside, slowly opening the door on the off-chance someone or something else had moved in, but saw only Luke’s dust-covered possessions. The bed had been stripped at some point, the covers thrown back and a cloak Luke had forgotten was tossed lazily over the spare cot on the far corner of the room. “What was Luke like when he was here?” Zhet asked as he stepped inside, looking around the little hut that Luke had lived in for years. “Sad,” Rey said quietly, turning slowly on one foot to look around better. It had only two rooms, the first for Luke to live in, and the second for him to study and meditate in. Rey stepped through the doorway separating the first and second rooms, moving along the exterior walls. She paused in the spare room, touching the gap between a bookshelf and desk where, when she had trained here, Luke’s trunk had lived. She'd seen it at various bases since then and she knew it held all of his worldly possessions, including an old jacket of Han Solo’s. Rey looked up from the gap and took a closer look at Luke’s desk. Different stacks of papers had been haphazardly lifted up, rifled through, and put back. She wondered if Luke himself had done it in his haste to leave, or if someone had come here since then. “Why didn’t he come back?” Zhet asked from the doorway, “Why send you, now?” “Too many memories, maybe,” Rey said, “or he didn't want to face the version of him that shut out the galaxy and lived in self-imposed exile. The timing is because there were kyber crystals on the island that only he knew about.” “Why do we need kyber crystals now?” Zhet asked, frowning. “Luke’s reasoning is that Jonas and Gida’smoo are going to need lightsabers within a few years,” Rey said, skimming one had over the pages of Luke’s handwritten notes on some cave inscription somewhere on the island, “but…” “But?” Zhet asked. “I think Luke just wanted someone to fetch what he’d hidden, both in the crystals and in the notes. He feels bad for shutting himself away, but I don’t think he could right this himself.” She picked up some papers, skimming through it for anything titled with the name of the cave they were looking for Riya-Visna cave, named by Luke himself. Zhet walked over as well, grabbing another stack, “We’re looking for a map to get to Riya-Visna cave, right?” “Anything about it would be good, actually,” Rey said, “It’s one of the oldest here, we think, and had inscriptions that are older than the Jedi order itself.” “Really?” Zhet asked, “How does Luke know that?” “Riya and Visna are lovers,” Rey said quietly, “They wrote about meeting for the first time hiding in the cave systems from a storm. They returned to the same cave often, but don’t seem to be hiding from the Jedi Order, so they were older than the whole “No attachments” rule.” “Oh,” Zhet said, falling silent. Rey smiled to herself. Zhet had a simple humility about him. When new information on any subject was produced, he tended to fall silent and turn it over and over in his mind until he found a place for it. After years spent with Kylo Ren, the most stubborn man alive, it was nice to deal with someone who tried to balance an open mind with strong beliefs. After several minutes, Zhet produced Luke’s hand-drawn map with a flourish of paper, grinning and putting the Riya-Visna cave on it. “We could probably take these papers back to the ship now, this way we can just focus on the crystals. Do you want to do that?” “Yes,” Rey said, grabbing her bag and tucking the stack of Luke’s notes into it before reaching for the stack Zhet had been perusing. She turned back to the doorway and paused, looking around for any other valuables to take along, both of intellectual and personal significance. Rey looked around Luke’s old hut, her eyes roaming over the palette Luke had slept on for years while he'd suffered his exile alone. She lifted up the patch blanket, then pulled it over her shoulder for warmth. It may not be as severe as on Jakku, but Ahch-To still got cold at night. “What was it like here?” Zhet asked, following her gaze. “Distant and hesitant,” Rey said quietly, “I gave Luke hope and fear.” “Why?” “The last padawans he trained all died. I could break the cycle, one way or the other. He called me a ‘pharmacon’.” “What's a pharmacon?” Zhet asked, stepping into the room as Rey slowly made her way deeper into it, sorting through space scraps of half-finished notes and other things that Luke had abandoned in his haste to pack. “Something that has equal power to kill you or save you,” Rey said, leaning against the wall. She turned her head and froze at the sight of eight long, criss-crossing gashes in the stone opposite her, next to the door. She knew those strokes. Rey’s heart tightened involuntarily. Kylo had been here, probably for the exact same reason she had come, although he hadn’t found the cave, judging by the old frustration. His presence did explain the way everything looked like it had been picked up and set aside. When it came to searches, Kylo was meticulous, up until he lost hope. “Is that-?” Zhet began, stepping closer. “Yes.” Rey said, reaching out and touching the deep gouges in the old stone. “Kylo Ren has been here?” Zhet asked, looking around, “That would explain the mess. Do you think he found anything?” “No,” Rey said, turning back to Zhet, “Luke took the exact location with him and Kylo Ren would have to search for years and years to find them.” “Even with the Force?” Zhet asked, raising an eyebrow. “Even with the Force,” Rey said, “Come on, let’s go back to the ship.” On the walk back, Zhet quietly stepped up to be level with Rey and laced his fingers through hers. She smiled, unable to help it. It was nice, even for just a few second, to be able to pretend they were a normal couple who did normal things like take walks. They ate a quiet dinner in the cockpit where Rey finally got a chance to show Zhet what honey did to portions, which she thought was hilarious. It was amusing to watch the honey ooze over the bread, but not get soaked in at all as Zhet looked on in horror. They didn’t change into sleepwear, but pulled off their boots and climbed into the little bunks at the back of the ship, talking here and there about random things until, finally, the reality of their mission and the shift in the war settled over them. Rey could feel it for herself, but could also sense it in him. She could also feel a tension, an expectation in him. He wanted to say something, but was afraid. She waited for a long moment until he finally plucked up the courage to speak: “You didn’t just find Jonas, did you?” Zhet said as they settled into their bunks. Rey heard him roll over on the mattress, but she didn’t turn to look at him. “No,” She said finally, “I didn’t.” “You’re his mother?” It was less of a question than a statement. “Yes,” Rey said, softer this time. “And his father…?” There was no judgement in his voice, but a general curiosity. He was trying hard to keep his voice casual, to keep any potential jealousy at bay, but she also figured ‘Kylo Ren’ would not be a good answer to give him. “Is the Force itself for all the involvement he’s going to have,” Rey settled on, her tone flat. There was silence in the little sleeping space, then Zhet said, “Jonas thinks I’m his father.” Rey sighed, rubbing her forehead. Jonas had started hearing the whispers that travelled through the Resistance, that Zhetam’s wife had died giving birth to the jedi child that Rey and Luke were raising. He’d asked about them and Rey had done her best to dismiss them, but her son was stubborn. “He thinks that because half the Resistance thinks it,” she said, “Does it bother you?” “Not really,” Zhet said and the bed creaked when he sat up on his elbow and shrugged, “Jonas is a good kid. I’d be lucky to be his father.” Rey nodded, then sighed as the silence between them widened. “I told one of my soldiers that Jonas is my lovechild with Walpurta the Hutt,” Zhet blurted, then snickered. “What?” Rey sat up and looked at him now, “Who’s Walpurta the Hutt?” “The mother of my lovechild, haven’t you been paying attention?” Zhet grinned at her and the serious, introspective mood broke. Rey laughed and rolled onto her back, finding the ability to sleep now that the awkwardness had past. When she was half-asleep, she felt light fingertips on her cheek, brushing her hair back, and saw Zhet’s shadow cast by dim blue occupancy light. “What was Vari like?” Rey murmured sleepily “What was Jonas’s father like?” Zhet countered gently, sounding half-amused. “He woke up all at once, but never moved immediately. He would always look around and take in his surroundings,” Rey said. She glanced at Zhet, who looked almost taken aback that she’d actually been awake enough to answer his question. She rolled over, then caught his arm and pulled him into the bunk. His arms slid around her easily, even in the cramped space, although Rey knew there was no comfortable way to alight their knees that would not result in one or both of them having a leg fall asleep. Zhet was quiet for so long that Rey wondered if he fell asleep, but finally he said, “Vari loved the sunrise. She’d pause whatever she was doing and hold her breath to watch it. She’d scald her tongue on her caffa every morning without fail and snorted when she laughed.” “She sounds lovely,” Rey said quietly. “She was,” Zhet whispered back, “She really was. Was Jonas’s father in the First Order?” “Yes,” Rey said, waking up for real, even though she didn’t move. She knew Zhet was asking a very innocent question, but also knew she had to be careful. She did not want to reveal exactly who was involved. “I bet Kylo Ren appreciated that,” Zhet muttered, “Is that why you left, because a baby would interfere with your training and your master wouldn’t like that?” “Yes,” Rey lied. She couldn’t say anything more, because it felt cruel to add onto the lie. It was half true, in a way, and she could settle for that. “And he couldn’t come with you?” Zhet said. “No, he couldn’t,” Rey whispered, blinking rapidly. It had been years since she’d cried about Kylo Ren, but after seeing him less than a week ago, the weight of her loss and what could have been suddenly weight upon her, even as she was with Zhet. “I’m so sorry that happened,” Zhet whispered, tightening his grip on her and resting his cheek against her head. He gently rubbed her back with one hand, even as she curled her fingers in his shirt and swallowed back tears. Here she was, crying over their worst enemy and he was comforting her. Her grief outweighed her guilt and she just buried her face in his shirt, letting him hold her for a long time afterwards, until she fell asleep. Rey looked down at the map in her hand, raising her lightsaber a little higher to see the paper better in the darkness of the cave. “How much farther?” Zhet asked, sitting on a rock and taking a sip of water. “It’s this next cave,” Rey said, rolling the map up and putting it in her pack. “How are you not dying right now?” Zhet groaned, straightening up and following her as she walked into the Riya-Visna cave. To get into the cave, Rey had to step over a little ledge. She put a hand against the cave wall to balance herself, but, as soon as she did, the history hit like a slap to the face. She reeled back, blinking at the onslaught of emotions and Zhet, who had stepped over right after her, helped steady her. Rey tried to support herself against the cave wall and was immediately overwhelmed. Riya spending long days here, training in the quiet, away from the crowds of the other Force users above… … Visna following her one day, his large eyes fixed on Riya as she lost herself in her paces and in the Force of the Universe … ... The Force of the Universe seemed to guide Visna all across the galaxy, but also back to Riya, who had started to bring their children to this cave… … Eventually, the lovers grow old and die, but the cave is theirs. All the time spent here, it imprints itself on these walls. Their love lives on in the Force of the Universe- the Force… “Rey,” … Centuries pass in this way. This becomes hallowed ground, a place for force users to marry, to escape, it becomes a refuge… “Rey?” … Bit by bit, those attuned to the Force of the Universe begin to change, to move away. They forget that the Force of the Universe is not theirs, but that they are its. Soon, the cave lies empty, dormant, a place for pilgrims… … The last marriage performed there, quietly, files away and the young man presses his lips to the cave wall in thanks, knowing his children will never be allowed to marry, knowing he is the last… … The cave, the imprints of Riya and Visna, lie alone for centuries… … Then, after a thousand years alone, a Jedi stumbles through the caves, drowning in the thousands and thousands of lives that came before him. Riya and Visna smile. The one they are looking for is coming. The lovers, those who will begin anew- “Rey!” are coming. She is so close, she is here, they just have to- “Rey!” Zhet was shaking her, eyes wide. “What?” Rey said, grabbing onto his arms for support, looking around wildly, “What happened? What was that?” “I have no idea,” Zhet said firmly, “but you scared the bacta out of me. You were standing there, shaking and muttering.” “I’m sorry,” Rey muttered distractedly, leaning against him for support. “Don’t apologize,” Zhet said, “Come on, let’s find the stuff so we can get out of here.” He looked around, “What are we looking for?” Rey took a deep breath and closed her eyes. She tried to reach out through the Force, but there was so much history and life here that she couldn’t feel the kyber crystals. Luke, you’re brilliant. She thought. No Force user would be able to find them. “We have to search manually. Look for catches or ledges or anything like that,” Rey said, straightening and placing her hands on the walls. This time, she was able to filter out the pass and focus on what she was feeling, mostly. It was slow going. She was overrun with emotions and, soon, she heard Zhet on the opposite wall, “I’ve got it!” Rey turned and walked over, helping him force open the chunk of the wall concealing a secret hollow. She reached inside and found four kyber crystals and Anakin Skywalker’s old lightsaber. She smiled at the sight of the kyber crystals, but it faded when she saw the saber. She’d used this saber. She’d trained with it and before that she’d destroyed Kylo’s face with it and before that she’d felt the call of the Force from it. And she’d left it with Luke. All these years later, she’d assumed he’d tossed it into the ocean. But no, here it was. “Whose lightsaber is that?” Zhet asked. “Technically, it belongs to Luke,” Rey said, rubbing her thumb over the switch. “Isn’t his green?” Zhet asked, looking at one of Luke’s old water jars. “That’s his weapon,” Rey said, “This is his inheritance.” “Why did you come back for it now?” Zhet asked. Jonas will need a weapon, too,” Rey said, turning to look at Zhet. “Aren’t jedi’s supposed to have their own?” Zhet asked, looking at the lightsaber. “It’s hard to find kyber crystals, especially when you’re fighting,” Rey said. “We have only a few, and I don’t think he’s ready for his own yet. Besides, it’ll be good for him to be given something like this. He doesn’t have any heirlooms.” “Does he have any idea who you really are?” Zhet asked. “No,” Rey said, “Not yet. I’ll tell him in a few more years.” “Who do you think he’ll say?” “I don’t know. I’ve replayed that conversation out over and over in my mind. Each time is different.” Zhet nodded, taking her hand, “I understand.” Notes: Chapter 8 is up! Thanks to my Beta reader, Ray, for all the wonderful help. Thank you for everyone with the support. In light of all of my recent struggles, you guys are really keeping my spirits high~ Hope you like it! Chapter 11 : Chapter 9 “There is no escape- we pay for the violence of our ancestors.” - Frank Herbert, Dune Rey scrolled through her holopad, looking at some of the old Jedi holovids from Leia’s holocrons. She was particularly fascinated by the footage of a young togruta woman from the days of the Clone Wars. The jedi- or, padawan- Rey thought, looking at the age of the togruta, had a distinctive reversed grip on her lightsabers. While Rey herself prefered fighting with a staff, she wondered if she might try teaching Jonas and Gida’smoo how to fight with two lightsabers in this way, especially since they were younger and smaller than most of the knights of Ren. Also, having an extra weapon might provide an advantage over the knights, who all generally fought with one weapon. There was a loud thud, followed by a low grunt, and Rey looked up to see Jonas flat on his back with Gida’smoo standing over him, as usual. She was a good three years older than Jonas and more than a head taller, so she often beat the 10 year-old boy. Rey felt the Force around her turn cold and sour, but knew that was probably due to Jonas’s frustration. When the padawans reset and began again, Rey turned her attention back to the holopad, wondering if she could use some of the tactics from the reverse-hand grip to get better as keeping control when she got up close with her enemies. She felt the Force turn decidedly dark around the training room and looked up to see Jonas throw a hand out, shoving Gida’smoo back, teeth bared in his frustration. “Jonas!” Rey snapped, jumping down from the boxes she’d been perched on. Jonas stepped back, lowering his training weapon and looking up at her, eyes wide. He seemed a little dazed, but Rey grabbed ahold of his wrist, “What was that?” “I- I don’t know,” Jonas said, recoiling guiltily, “I was just mad.” “Jonas, that was the Dark side,” Rey said. “We don’t use our frustration to fuel the Force.” “I’m sorry,” Jonas said, his hazel eyes wide, “I didn’t know!” He doesn’t know, Rey thought, her heart sinking. It was time he knew. Finally, after ten years, Jonas needed to know why he had to be wary of the Dark side, even more so than Gida’smoo. Guilt bloomed in her chest. What if she’d made a mistake? What if he would hate her? What if he ran away from her and straight into Kylo? What if the Dark side took her boy as it had taken so many others? Rey took a deep breath, then looked over at Gida’smoo, who’d stood up and was rubbing her hip where she’d landed on it. “Are you alright?” Rey asked, walking over to look her other padawan in the face. Gida’smoo didn’t want to meet her gaze and Rey knew why. She could feel the frustration and embarrassment rolling off of Gida’smoo. Usually so used to winning and performing well, being flipped onto her butt by Jonas, even with the dark side, had left her ego more bruised than anything else. “Training is over for today,” Rey said flatly. “I want you each to go back to your quarters and meditate until you can feel Finn’s presence clearly.” Finn, a new father, wasn’t actually at the base, but a moon away. If the padawans were focused and calm enough to be able to feel him, then most of their frustration would have dissipated. Much to Luke’s disappointment, their padawans were better at fighting and combat than meditation. This had lead to many late-night discussions between the two masters about this fact, especially since it made Luke nervous. He had hoped one or both of them had a connection to the Force strong enough to allow them to see the Force ghosts that appeared to Luke alone, now. “But Master-” Gida’smoo began, clearly feeling unfairly punished, but Rey cut her off: “Now,” she said, waving both her padawans away. The children fumed and pouted all the way back to their quarters, but they didn’t complain openly, even when Rey was out of earshot. What Rey lacked in connection to the jedi of the past, she more than made up for in her ability to connect to those of the present. She had little tolerance for complaining and her padawans knew it. Rey waiting until both her padawans were settled in their respective rooms, then swept to Luke’s quarters, where he was waiting for her, his face grim. “Tell me you felt that,” Rey said without preamble, sweeping into his rooms and standing in front of him. Now that she was away from the children, her nerves appeared with full force. She wanted to cry and pace and fall to her knees in equal measure. Was this just the singular outburst of a frustrated child or the beginning of a destructive path that she would be unable to rescue her son from? “I felt it,” Luke said grimly, “And it leaves me disturbed, but unsurprised. Rey, both of Jonas’s parents have shown an affinity for the Dark side. Should be really be shocked when he does, too?” “This isn’t an affinity!” Rey snapped, actual panic rising in her throat now, “This is a singular incident. We can’t call this a pattern! He’s never-” “He’s a Skywalker, Rey.” Luke said flatly, “Maybe not in name, but in blood. He is descended from the Force itself and from two of the most powerful users of the dark side at their respective times. We can’t treat this as an isolated incident because Jonas isn’t isolated. He’s part of the greatest dynasty in the Force.” “I wouldn’t-” Rey began. “Rey, the Skywalkers killed the Republic. They eradicated the old Jedi Order. They defeated the Empire, founded and then destroyed the largest gathering of Force users since the Jedi Order, and have won prolific battles in the Clone Wars, on both sides of the Rebellion and now, on both sides of the war between the Resistance and the First Order. We’re the most impactful family the galaxy has seen in millennia. We’re not a Good family, but we are a Great one.” Rey closed her eyes, feeling tears prickle behind them, “I wanted this to be easier for him than it was for me.” “Every parent does,” Luke said gently, “but we don’t always get our wish.” He stood up with a rustle of his gray robes and hugged her. Rey was reminded of Leia, who had embraced her after Starkiller. It was the first time she’d been shown the affection of a family member that she could remember. Rey leaned her cheek against Luke’s shoulder, knowing the old man wouldn’t care if she cried. “I have to tell him,” Rey said, taking a shuddering breath. “I have to tell Jonas who his parents are, otherwise he’ll never understand why he can’t let the Dark side into his life.” Luke nodded, “Are you ready for that?” “No,” Rey said, hiccupping, “but I have to get ready. Jonas needs to know.” “Secrets are dangerous in our family,” Luke said, nodding and rubbing her arm. Rey sniffed, stepping back and wiping her nose, “Now that this has happened, the door has been opened. If we leave any secrets and Snoke learns about them, he’ll use them to make Jonas angry and bitter.” Luke nodded, “That’s how he got Ben. He used the secret about Darth Vader to lure him over. The only reason he didn’t try with Jonas sooner was that Jonas was a nobody. He didn’t have to root around in Jonas’s mind from the age of four because he expected Jonas to die before he was worth it.” Rey looked into Luke’s blue eyes and saw tears there. She didn’t even have to reach out to sense his fear and, something deeper. There was a deep grief that hung around him, pulling him down like an impossible weight. She thought about how he must be feeling. Luke had watched Ben get pulled further and further into the Dark side without even realizing how far the boy had gone until it was too late. He’d seen the boy murder and cement his place in the shadows and watched the boy he’d loved as his own fall away from him. Then he’d been alone, looking for answers and hope in the past, in the time before the Empire, before there were Skywalkers. She’d disrupted his careful study. She, the scavenger from Jakku with a borrowed lightsaber she had no understanding of or claim to, had smashed into his loneliness and his peace. She’d dragged him back to a war, broken his heart again, and had come back carrying his last hope: Jonas. “Luke…” Rey said weakly, then trailed off as Luke wiped his eyes. She had no words to console him. Instead, she settled on, “Do you want to be there?” “No.” Luke said firmly, swallowing, “This is for you to do alone.” Rey nodded, then hugged him one more time, “Thank you, master,” she said. ***** “Jonas, I need to talk to you.” Oh sweet Force, he was dead. Jonas looked up to see the sober expression on Master Rey’s face as she stood in the doorway. She looked like she hadn’t gotten much more sleep than he had. He’d been up for hours, first trying to calm his rage, frustration, and self-righteous anger enough to find Finn’s mind in the Force. Exhausted as he was, he was glad Master Rey had suggested the assignment; Finn was full of an infectious joy over his new daughter. The slight contact with his mind had lifted Jonas’s spirits greatly. Now, however, Master Rey was leaning against his door frame, a mug of caffa in her hand and dark circles blooming under her eyes. He was glad he’d been awoken by his alarm thirty minutes ago, which had given him the opportunity to shower and wash his face. He didn’t feel like looking even more pathetic than he already felt after yesterday. “Am I in trouble?” Jonas asked, unable to restrain himself. He knew it was selfish to only focus on that, but he couldn’t help it. Gida’smoo hadn’t used the Dark side and she’d been able to reach out to Finn early in the night and go to sleep two hours before he had. He was sure Master Rey was going to hold his training or put off the lightsaber building she and Master Luke had discussed for the Galactic summer. “No,” Master Rey said gently, stepping inside and letting the door close behind her, “You’re not in trouble. I just need to talk about something that’s very serious with you. Can I sit?” “Sure,” Jonas said, setting aside the holopad he’d been watching some candy-colored serial holofilm on. He turned to face his Master and saw that she really looked terrible. Her eyes were still a little red and puffy, like she’d been crying. Her braids were present, but not as smooth as they usually were. He wondered if she and Zhet hadn’t started fighting again after he’d gone to sleep. Rey sat on the bed next to Jonas, tension etched all over her face. She was doing that thing with her eyebrows that she did when she trying not to fidget or kick her feet or play with her hair. Jonas reached out with the Force, feeling her strongest and most obvious emotions. She felt guilty or afraid or something. Rey took a shuddering breath, “Jonas, I haven’t been honest about with you about your past.” “What?” Jonas asked, widening his eyes. He leaned back away from her, even as she reached out for him. “Jonas, please, I haven’t answered your questions until now because it wasn’t safe. Now that you’re old enough to guard your mind, I will answer all of your questions.” She was using the same voice she used when she was speaking to generals who had no knowledge of the force. It was the only thing he found reassuring. She was speaking to him like he was an intelligent person who needed to know what she was going to tell him. He could probably walk away right now. His masters had always been good about letting him handle himself, when he was able. “Is this about the force? Or about me?” Jonas asked warily, just to be sure. He’d asked so many questions about his parents that she and Master Luke had never answered. Was she finally going to give him a real explanations. “About everything. You’re old enough to know where you come from.” “How will I know you’re telling the truth?” “I won’t lie to you, Jonas. I’ll say nothing before I’ll lie.” “You lied before,” Jonas said. “Only because you weren't mature enough for the truth, but I think you are now,” Master Rey said. She looked at him with the sad-appraising look that she had sometimes. It was the one that made him think she’d known his parents. Now he knew it was about whatever secret she was carrying. This secret about him was something that had colored all her interactions with him, even when he was a baby. He thought of the holo she had of him as an infant, smiling toothlessly at the camera. She’d been lying to him since before he could remember. “Your parents weren’t guardians of kyber crystals,” Master Rey said. “Your parents were jedi. Your father is a knight of Ren and your mother- I- I am your mother.” She was his mother? His master- his determined and strong and disciplined and combative master- was his mother?! She couldn’t be his mother! Mothers were tender and compassionate and Master Rey was… Protective, he thought. Mothers were compassionate, yes, but Master Rey always looked out for him. She was the one who made sure he got a chance to play and read what he wanted. She’d sat up with him when he’d gotten sick and had done everything she could to make sure he was strong and healthy. She was motherly, yes, but the way a wampa was. “You’re my mother.” Jonas confirmed. Master Rey- his mother- nodded. Master Rey reached out and brushed Jonas’s curls out of his face. “I don’t look like you,” he said, “I mean, in my face.” He felt almost guilty about it. Shouldn’t look like his mother? “No, you look much more like your father.” Master Rey admitted. “Who is my father?” Jonas asked hesitantly. “He is a powerful knight of Ren.” Master Rey said, her fingers still lingering in his hair. This made his heart sink. If his father is a knight of Ren, that meant he had ties to the dark side. The dark side ran in his family. “What’s his name?” “Kylo Ren,” Master Rey said quietly. “Kylo Ren?” Jonas asked, eyes wide. Master Rey nodded, the corner of her mouth twitching. “Kylo Ren is my father?” Jonas’s eyes widened, “but he’s the enemy! He’s with the First Order!” “Up until I found out I was pregnant with you, so was I.” “You left him?” “I did.” “Is he why you and Zhet yell at each other all of the time?” Jonas asked, then he gasped, “Am I why you and Zhet are fighting?!” “Jonas, no!” Rey said, leaning forward. “Does he know about me?” “Yes,” Rey said, “but we’re fighting because things are really stressful for us and we’re trying to work a lot of things out, okay Jonas? We aren’t doing as well as we would like, but that had nothing to do with you.” Jonas nodded. “You can ask me anything about him, your father, by the way,” Rey said quietly. “Was he nice?” “To me, he was,” Rey said, smiling almost unwillingly. “He always looked after his knights when we went on missions without him.” “What was he like ?” Jonas asked, “Like, as a person. Tell me something about him that the holoreels don’t know.” “His face was expressive. He couldn’t help displaying exactly what he was thinking and feeling. He could never stop his face from betraying him, ever.” Master Rey said, smiling to herself. “Really?” Jonas asked, eyes wide. “Oh, yes. It was really funny, because he couldn’t keep a straight face with me if I annoyed him, unless he was really angry about something.” Master Rey tossed her braid over her shoulder, grinning, “One time, I came back from a mission and without changing before going to be debriefed. Now, it had been rainy and windy where I was, so I was lucky I didn’t get sick from being in the debriefing room for hours and hours, but, when he saw me, my hair had dried in a hundred different directions, so he couldn’t get upset about me. He could only laugh.” “What was his laugh like?” Jonas asked, grinning despite himself. It was nice that his father was, or at least had once been, a normal person in some ways. “Infectious,” Rey said wistfully. “It was a lot higher pitched than his voice, more of a giggle than anything, especially if he really got going. He was good at controlling it, but would let himself go around me. He’d laugh, and his whole face would break into his impossibly wide smile.” At the mention of his face, Jonas suddenly thought of his next question, “What does he look like? Under the mask.” Rey nodded and reached into her pocket for an old holo. She must have known this was coming, judging by the holovid she’d had cued up. It showed a young boy with a mop of dark hair and and dark eyes, waving at the recorder, “ Hi Mama !” his voice said, sounding tinny. Jonas had the same smile as the young boy. He’d recognized it from pictures from his own life, “He looks like me!” Jonas said, eyes wide. “He does.” Rey murmured, looking at the smiling 6-year-old leaning against R2-D2, who was beeping happily. “He was friends with R2-D2? I’m friends with R2-D2!” Jonas beamed at the holo, then paused, “Master Rey, how did he know R2?” “Jonas, when Kylo Ren was young, he was called Ben Solo.” “He’s Luke’s nephew?” Rey nodded. “So I’m related to him and Leia?” “You are,” Rey said, smiling, “Your family has always been close by.” Jonas nodded, then paused, “I’m related to Darth Vader?” “Yes.” Rey said. “Will I join the Dark side, too?” “No!” Rey said, eyes wide. She touched her son’s cheek, “Jonas, you don’t have to follow that path. You don’t have to be like them.” “But you joined the dark side!” “I joined because I was afraid. I thought I could find safety in the dark side, but I was wrong. The dark side uses you by telling you that you can control it. By the time you realize you’re not in control, you're so afraid to lose your power that you won’t leave. It takes selfless love, Jonas, to return to the light.” Master Rey was looking him in the eye now, her hand curled tightly around his wrist. Her voice was firm and clear. This was about how he’d used the Dark side earlier. The Dark side ran in his family. He’d heard stories about Darth Vader, how fear and bitterness had driven him to the Dark side and love for his son had called him back out. He’d even been told about Master Rey, how she’d gone to the Dark side full of pride and selfishness and left humbled. There was obviously more to her story. “How did you leave it, then?” Jonas asked. He had to know, in case he was ever led astray. What had it been that had allowed not one, but two, members of his family to return back? “Love,” Master Rey said, laughing despite herself. Her eyes glittered a little and he realized, with a jolt, that his Master was on the verge of tears. “Who did you love?” Jonas asked. “You,” His mother said, rubbing his wrist with a thumb soothingly, “I found out about you and I knew that there was only one place you could be kept safe, so I left the Dark side. It was all to protect you.” “You didn’t want to leave my father?” Master Rey shook her head, her voice an emotive whisper now, “No, Jonas, I didn’t.” “Is this why the Jedi weren’t supposed to fall in love?” Jonas asked. He could feel the memory of Master Rey’s emotional pain resonating in the space between them. She’d loved his father and had gotten her heart broken in order to protect him. His mother had been able to leave the Dark side, but apparently his father hadn’t been. Kylo Ren hadn’t been able to love him enough to leave with his mother. No wonder it had been easy for his father to kidnap him four years ago without hurting him. His father may not love him enough to be a good father, but he apparently had enough paternal feelings not to kill him. It was a small comfort. Who knows, maybe he’d change his mind eventually. “That is part of it, yes,” Master Rey said, “Jedi were supposed to be impartial, focused on good and balance, not on individual sides. If a Jedi had a family on a planet being attacked, they may make reckless selfish decisions for their family.” “You had attachments,” Jonas said, “To Zhet.” “And I have made some reckless and selfish decisions for him,” Rey said, smiling again. Jonas lapsed into silence, thinking about his father. It must have been so hard for her to leave him, otherwise she still wouldn’t be hurting about it. After a long time of sitting in the quiet push and pull of the Force between then, he asked, “Do you love him?” “Who, Zhet?” “Kylo Ren.” Master Rey released him and sat back, sighing, “I don’t know, honestly. I didn’t leave him because I didn’t love him, so I guess I never had a reason not to love him anymore, not the way you do when you aren’t good for someone.” “Isn’t he evil? Finn says he’s evil.” Master Rey hated the dark side, but spoke about Kylo Ren with tenderness ? “Finn didn’t get to see the sides of Kylo that I did. Kylo Ren is the reason that Finn has a metal spine.” “So Finn is too invested to be objective?” Jonas asked, echoing one of Luke’s mantras. “Yes, but so am I.” “Because you love him?” “Because he’s your father. Whatever else he’s done, he gave me you.” Rey said quietly. She shrugged, looking a little helpless, “He took care of me the way no one else would, training me and giving me a family I had always thought that I’d wanted. “How can someone so evil love you so much?” “Maybe he’s not evil. Maybe he’s lost.” Rey whispered. She was an odd one, his mother. She now occupied this gray parent-non-parent space in his mind, just like his father, he supposed. Maybe that’s just who she was, a contradiction. He couldn’t decide that today. Instead, he asked,“What do I call you now?” Jonas asked tentatively. “You still call me Master Rey. I’m sorry I can’t be your mother the way I want to be, Jonas.” Rey murmured. “I had to choose between protecting you and raising you the way I wanted to.” Her chin trembled a little and she touched his cheek. Jonas nodded, “Okay, thank you. I… Can I be alone, now? I just… this is a lot.” “Of course,” Master Rey said, standing up slowly and watched him for a moment. She took a deep breath, nodded, and walked out of his room. At the door, she paused, “You can’t tell anyone about this, Jonas. Only Luke, Finn, Zhet, Poe, and I know about this. No one else. No friends, not Gida’smoo, not anyone, understand?” Jonas nodded, “Yes, master.” His mother walked away without another word. Jonas lay back on his bed and curled himself around his blanket. All his life, he’d thought his belonged to his Father- to his Dad, a man who had wanted him and loved him. Now it was a lie. He wondered what Kylo Ren would think of him now. He hadn’t thought much about the man since he was taken hostage, but not he couldn’t get the dark sider off of his mind. Perhaps he never would. ***** “Rey, wake up, there are First Order are on Ryloth!” Luke said, rushing to her door. Rey sat up, rubbing her eyes, “What?” “Ryloth is under attack!” “Not another starkiller!” Rey said, scrambling to her feet. “No, a fleet.” Luke said, “They’re going to be on the surface in a matter of hours.” “Are we going?” Rey asked. “Yes,” Luke said. “The padawans?” Rey said, running her fingers through her hair, pulling it out of her face. “They’re staying here?” Luke said, “They’re going to be in mission control.” Rey nodded, taking a deep breath, “Let me change, then we’ll go.” Rey threw on her combat uniform and buttoned the last button just as an “all hands” alarm blared overhead. She brushed her hair back and braided it close to her skull as Luke paced nervously back and forth by her room. “Let’s go,” she said after a long moment, moving ahead of her fellow Jedi. She jogged to the living room to see Jonas and Gida’smoo sitting on the couches, rubbing their eyes sleepily. “Master Luke and I are going to Ryloth,” Rey said, looking between the two padawans, “You’re going to stay with Todra. No sparring, but I want both of you focusing on the core workouts and endurance training we’ve been doing, okay?” Gida’smoo groaned. She hated running. “If Finn goes with us, it’ll be his first mission abroad, so take it easy on Todra. She’s got that and Baby Saani to look out for. I want you two to focus on your training and listen to her, okay?” “No side missions,” Luke said firmly. “Yes, masters,” Jonas and Gida’smoo said quietly. Rey moved forward and hugged both of them, unable to say more than, “We’ll see you soon.” Rey and Luke moved down the hallway, passing Todra and nodding to her. Something started to pester Rey and she hesitated, thinking. She looked at Luke, who looked almost haggard as they rushed toward mission control. “Luke,” Rey said, catching his arm, “I don’t want to be cruel, but you- should you be on the surface?” “I’m not dead yet, Rey,” Luke said. “Yes, but-” Rey broke off when she saw Finn round the corner, fully dressed and holding onto a cup of caffa like his life depended on it, “What happened to you?” She blurted. "My newborn is running a sadistic experiment on sleep deprivation in people she's related to." Finn said darkly. Luke and Rey both laughed. Three days later, no one felt much like laughing. Luke had been injured and a trick by the First Order had left Rey trapped on a ride with Finn’s battalion. They were going to lose, not just this ridge, by Ryloth, if they weren't careful. “Tell me we’re prepared for a siege.” Rey said, watching the First Order ships as they settled into the distant sky. Finn cursed and lit his saber, then rushed forward to face the stormtroopers, “We’re going to have to do something!” “Wow, sir,” his second in command, Adram Synn, said, aiming his blaster at the Stormtroopers across the ridge from him, “I hadn’t thought of that!” “You know what-” The world around them exploded. Rey felt herself fly forwards and then suddenly stop. Pain exploded in her hip, knees, and hands and she felt her head land heavily on her own arms. She rolled over and saw, to her horror, that the a pod from the Finalizer had landed feet from her. She sat up, looking around as Kylo Ren disembarked along with another knight. She looked over, saw Zhet and Finn stand shakily, and felt relief flood through her. Kylo Ren lit his lightsaber and Rey pulled herself to her feet, pushing aside her pain and fear. She looked him in the mask, then launched herself at him. He brought his lightsaber up and blocked her easily, but the weight in her blow knocked him a little off balance. The other knight made to move to Rey’s side, but Finn forced himself between the knight and Rey with a roar. Rey heard a low rumble from the other side of Ren’s mask and gritted her teeth. She’d forgotten how heavy he was, both physically and within the Force. He had an oppressive weight that he was using to bend her, physically and mentally. She felt the slow, unstoppable force of his mind pressing against the walls of her own. Sparks shot off their sabers and Rey’s eye twitched. “How is my son?” Kylo asked, his voice low enough that only Rey could hear. Rey gasped and was kicked back. She tumbled toward the ledge, hit Zhet, who had been trying to shoot Kylo in the side, and the pair tumbled sideways. “Where is he, Rey?” Kylo Ren asked again, stepping over her and pointing his lightsaber at her. Rey shuddered, moving so she blocked Zhet, “Where is my son, Rey? Where is Jonas? Zhet gasped, his grip on her hip tightening. If they survived this, Rey was not looking forward to the conversation they were going to have. “He’s not here!” Rey snarled, leaning forward, not caring when his saber burned her arm, “You’ll never find him!” “He’ll find me, then,” Kylo said, “A boy needs his father. Jonas will seek me out.” Rey roared, kicking him in the leg now that he was close enough. She put out a hand, catching her saber, lighting it, and spinning it around and almost catching his skull. “Rey, we're moving!” Finn shouted far behind her. Rey could feel relief and worry pouring off of Finn in equal measure. The explosion had probably done as much damage to the stormtroopers as the Resistance. “Go!” Rey shouted over her shoulder, keeping an eye on both Kylo and his knight, “I'll make my own way!” There was a dull roar overhead and Rey internally cheered as the X-wing rushed overhead, aiming a relentless barrage at the First Order’s ships that had begun to settle over the ridge. “You're not going to get away, Rey,” Kylo growled through the mask. “Sorry,” Rey grunted, breaking away and aiming blow after relentless blow at him, “Can't hear you with the whole get up on.” Rey rushed forward, crossing lightsabers with him. She heard a grunt through his mask, shoving him back. She kicked him in the knee, slashing at his mask. There was a roar behind her and she turned, barely getting her weapon in front of her face to catch the mace of the knight, who bared their teeth. Rey blinked, not used to seeing the mouth of a knight of Ren. She swung at the knight’s leg and they stepped back. “Trachiva!” Kylo shouted, his voice a horrifying grown through his mask. There was fear and fury pounding through him in equal measure. He cared about this knight, more than usual. Was he with them? Had he moved on from her as well? Rey wanted to kick herself, even as she blocked Kylo’s aggressive downward stroke. Why did she care who he dated? I don’t, she decided. I only want to make use of every possible advantage I can think of. Rey flung the knight back, using the Force to send them flying, feet over head. Rey rushed to the side, leaping off of the ridge and catching the landing. She turned and watched as Ren stepped on the ridge helmetless. “You'll never get him, Ren,” Rey whispered, watching the look of barely-controlled rage on his face before she turned and rushed away, up the ridge and to safety. After the twelve day siege of Ryloth was finally broken, Rey spent another 36 planet hours helping distribute aid to those left in the worst of it. The Republic had agreed to supply the aid as long as the Resistance agreed to work security, so Rey, Luke, and Finn had been left to decide which one of them had to stay and which one had to stay planetside. Eventually, Rey had decided to stay. This also meant that Rey didn’t get back to the base until a full two weeks without talking to Zhet. When she was finally cleared, they sent her straight from the surface to Information. The interview was long and arduous, mostly focusing on the mysterious Trachiva Ren, which the Resistance knew almost nothing about. They questioned her about Kylo and his relationship with his closest lieutenant. When Rey ran out of information, they sent in a psychologist to evaluate her mental state, to make sure she didn’t need to be placed on temporary leave. She didn’t. What she needed was to see her boyfriend, while she still had one. When she was finally released from debriefing after hours of talking to an analyst, Rey ran to her quarters to find Zhet standing in the middle of their room, packing his clothing into a box. Rey’s heart went cold, “Zhet,” she began weakly. “Don’t talk to me.” “Zhet-” “Stop.” “I’m sorry, I- “ “You lied, Rey!” Zhet snarled, shoving the box so hard it fell off the bed and shirts spilled onto the floor. “I’m so sorry, I wasn’t ready to-” “You shouldn’t have said anything, Rey, but, Force, you let me comfort you about him. I thought he was some radar technician or something, not the First Knight ! You let me believe this for four years.” “Zhet, I wasn’t ready to talk about him.” “Why not?” Zhet said, spinning around to face her, “Why not, Rey?” “I…” “What are we doing, Rey?” Zhet asked weakly, “We haven’t done anything but fight for a year. Why are we fighting for this?” He was right. Zhetam “I Always Know What to Do” Lylin was right and it killed her. She didn’t want to lose him. She’d been terrified of watching someone walk away again, but now she had to really think about it, about what it would mean. They weren’t good for each other anymore. “You still love him,” Zhet said dully. “No!” Rey burst out. “You do!” Zhet said, grabbing her arms. “You miss him and the person you were with him. You lied to me to protect him or- or to protect yourself from him.” Rey swallowed, tears in her eyes, “I’m so sorry,” she whispered. “I am, too, but we can’t do this anymore.” Rey nodded, choking her back her tears. “I'm going to crash with a friend,” Zhet said quietly, stepping away from her, “I'll figure out my stuff soon. I- I’m sorry it came to this.” Rey didn’t say anything, just hiccuped and wiped her eyes. Wiping away his own tears, Zhet walked out of the room. The second the door closed, Rey burst into tears. Distantly, she felt something flicker around in the distant darkness but pushed it away. She didn’t care who it was. She wanted to be alone. Notes: January Update Schedule* Jan 17, 2016 - Chapter 7 Jan 24, 2016 - Chapter 8 Jan 31, 2016 - Chapter 9 *subject to change