‘Benjamin Arthur Solo’ was not always ‘Bejamin Arthur Solo.’ Before Benjamin, there was ‘Belle.’ ‘Belle’ was born in the wrong body, was given the wrong name, was called the wrong titles, and was dressed as someone that he wasn’t. These facts were known to ‘Belle’ from a young age, but when the situation was brought up to (less than supportive) parents Han and Leia, ‘Belle’ was only met with disapproval and harsh remarks such as: “This is just a phase,” “You’re only feeling this way because you try and dress like a boy!” and “You’re not a boy , Belle. And you never will be.” Of course, all of this only fueled the fire of hurt and anger that ‘Belle’ felt. This sparked a very rebellious teenage phase – ‘Belle’, now Benjamin, (or just ‘Ben’ for short; it was simple and didn’t draw too much attention) had managed to only further tick off his parents with involving himself (yes, mom and dad, it’s he now) with staying out too late, not checking up, drinking milk directly from the carton instead of getting a cup, and of course, ‘ruining’ countless family dinners involving relatives with announcements like: ‘It’s Ben , not Belle . And I don’t need to wear a fucking dress to a dinner of chicken wings and macaroni (the original meal had been burnt beyond saving), or any dinner at all!” Cue a heated argument between Ben and his father about his ‘attitude’ and other such concerns, then involving his mother (she definitely didn’t approve of this at the dinner table) which resulted in some packed suitcases and a kick out of the door. After that night, Ben vowed never to come back to this place and spoke some very colorful words as he treaded down the sidewalk, suitcases in tow. Soon after the ‘incident,’ Ben had managed to find himself a steady job, saving up enough cash each month to pay for rent at a shabby-looking - yet still stable enough to house a human being - apartment somewhere a few blocks away from an old baseball field where he would go sometimes in the evening to study. Oh, right – he was now also a part-time college student, hoping to get a degree that will land him a better-paying career. Aside from that, he had been doing extensive research about his ‘dilemma’ as he called it: researching how to change his name, pulling up digital maps of the city to look for the nearest clothing boutiques for a new wardrobe (let’s face it, he couldn’t wear the same worn out Knights of Ren band t-shirt and faded jeans forever), and where to go to get stuck with a damn needle that would make his voice drop and muscles grow and allow every other change he wanted to happen. It wasn’t the most exciting or perfect life, but things were finally starting to be under control in Ben’s life. For once it felt good to be in control of something. By the time a whole entire year managed to pass by, Ben was now legally Ben , or rather ‘Benjamin Arthur Solo’ on the paperwork – he was no longer burdened with bearing a name that never suited him in the first place. He had been making regular visits to a doctor that agreed to stick him with a needle, which in a strange yet understandable way, was making him very happy. Within the first month of his testosterone supplements, he was noticing changes: his voice was deepening to a tone that he very much liked, his muscles had started to become sizably larger than they were before (with a little help from exercise routines he did at the field, of course) and finally his fucking period was gone. He also managed to scrape up some extra cash after paying rent and other expenses to go and get himself a few new clothes, mainly some new t-shirts and a few pairs of jeans (and also a new binder – the one he had secretly purchased years ago and worn in the security of his own room and out at school had worn out and split on one side). So yes, Ben could say that he was satisfied for now. But what he really lacked was a social life. That would require a lot of work…. //////// Ben was walking toward one of the exits on the campus after he had discussed some details involving one of his assignments with a professor when he spotted a flash of color out of the corner of his eye. He stopped and turned, tugging on one of the straps on his backpack as he bent over to pick up what was a sheet of paper. Upon further inspection, he saw that it had writing: LGBT+ SUPPORT GROUP MEETING WEDNESDAY NIGHT @ 6:30 PM WEST ADMINISTRATION BUILDING COME AND MEET WITH OTHERS LIKE YOU! TALK ABOUT YOUR EXPERIENCES AND SHARE WITH OTHERS! (PLEASE SHOW AT LEAST TEN MINUTES IN ADVANCE AND SIGN IN!) He blinked at the brightly-colored paper in wonder. He had been on this campus for at least a year now and he hadn’t known about this? He hadn’t known that there might be others that are going through the same thing as he is? This was certainly eye-opening. But the real question was: Would he even go? The whole thing could be a jib, just some prank-flyer put out by some punks that were looking for a good laugh (and possibly a punching bag). How could he know, really? He could have been going all of this time and missed whenever the ‘club’ had first started holding these meetings and just never got the memo. After all, he rarely stayed on campus; he had no need for a dorm or to get involved in any scandalous parties or whatever other nonsense took place on campus – he couldn’t have known unless he was really looking, or in this instance, a brightly-colored flyer flew right into his face and spelling it out in fine print. He could try it. He could like it, he could hate it. He could maybe even make some friends. Or maybe even…no, that was the last thing he needed. A relationship was totally out of the question; Ben had no time to be messing around with anyone. There were better things to do, lots of things to see...and plenty of junk food and rental movies to abide his time back home. Folding the flyer and tucking it into his bag, he went back to his apartment to shower and change. He hoped to whatever higher power that there was watching over him that everything would go smoothly. Chapter 2 Notes: There's like, a /brief/ mention of Stormpilot in here, if you blink you'll miss it. Also, I apologize if there's any spelling/grammar mistakes, I don't have a beta/a slave to proof-read over my fics. XD Hope you enjoy! P.S. - SORRY for lots of dialogue, but it /is/ a support group meeting, so...there will be talking! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben left his apartment about fifteen minutes early (just in case he got lost somehow on campus, seeing as he doesn’t go there much) and arrived at the West Administration Building only a few minutes before 6:30 PM. When he walked in, there was a small lobby which sported some small plaques and a few torn-up flyers. If he wasn’t here for the meeting, he would think that at any moment some creep janitor or mad-man would come running after him from down the hallway – the place was kind of creepy without people or lights, if you asked him. Since the flyer didn’t specify which room number to look for, Ben decided to just start walking and hope that he would spot a room with a light on, or maybe some signs taped to the wall with arrows or some stupid LGBT-themed phrase written on them like: “This way to the gay.” He might have to rethink going to this meeting if he spotted anything like that tonight. Luckily when he rounded the corner, he saw some light pouring out from one of the closed doorways, making a mental note to try and remember ‘Lounge Room 3’ on the sign next to the doorway. He walked in and spotted a table with some papers on it and another with cups and a water jug, the majority of the room taken up by a few couches and chairs. In a way he was glad that the floor was carpeted; his footsteps would be less noticeable when he came in (just in case he was late – he hoped and prayed that he wasn’t). Ben padded over to the table with the papers, finding that his assumptions were right and that the ‘check-in’ sheet was lying there with a few pens and markers. “…why do we have to sign in?” Ben leaned in a little close to the brunette woman that was standing next to him, watching her take a ‘Hello, My Name Is’ sticker from one of the sheets. “Mainly for record, to see if anybody actually goes to these clubs people make,” she responded, her voice was laced with a British accent but dull nonetheless, and she walked off after she had placed her sticker onto her shirt. “…oh.” Ben’s hand was shaky as he scribbled his name onto the check-in sheet, then moving to uncap a marker and scribble his name onto one of the stickers, peeling it off of the sheet and placing it onto his jacket. He wondered for a brief moment if he should peel it off and write ‘he/him’ on it just in case. Would anybody know otherwise? He assumed from all of the ‘sirs’ and ‘misters’ and ‘dudes’ he got in greeting that he passed well, or completely did, so maybe it wouldn’t be necessary. While he went to set his bag down in a corner, Ben took the opportunity to eye the other people in the room as he passed. He saw the brunette from earlier chatting with a tall blonde-haired woman, both holding cups of water which were barely empty – it almost reminded him of all of the college drinking parties he had heard so much about (but never had been to or seen in person). Sitting in some fold-up chairs were two males, laughing up a storm over something that one of them said, and seemingly very close. Ben almost felt sad for himself, he had been in college for nearly a year now and he knew nobody on campus (save for a few teachers he had talked to about assignments, but he couldn’t really hang out with them – that would be weird). Everybody in this room seemed to be a social butterfly, or close to it, and there he was, just some awkward newbie hoping for a good evening— Ben had to stop when he went to set his bag down, utterly shocked at who he saw walk through the door. The man was tall but lanky, his thin frame covered up in a button-up shirt and sweater vest with some slacks. His hair, oh goodness his hair , it was just very distracting to Ben (it was so great to look at, and it was very neatly groomed too). Everything about him screamed ‘my parents paid for my tuition’ type of deal, but Ben wasn’t too quick to make assumptions. However, despite how much he wanted to, he was sure that no matter what happened tonight he would not be able to talk to this man. For one, he was too nervous to even try , and two, this man probably would just brush him off – he looked fancy and like someone who couldn’t be bothered, but that begged the question of: Why would someone like that be coming to a LGBT meeting? “I’m here,” the man puffed out and took a few moments to recompose himself before turning around toward the table with the check-in sheet and the stickers. “It’s about time you showed up, we were starting to get worried,” one cried out in response. “Too busy studying again?” another laughed back. The man breathed a laugh in response and turned back around, sticker now placed onto his breast, and Ben cursed himself when he was caught staring. This night was already ruined for sure. “Alright all of you crazies, take a seat and we can get started,” the brunette raised her voice as she spoke, walking over to one of the chairs by the wall. The blonde woman that was with her followed her, but took a seat next to the man who had just come in, and the two males in the fold-up chairs stayed put. That left Ben to scramble for a seat on the couch next to his bag. “It looks like we have a newbie here tonight,” the brunette stated, tipping her chin in Ben’s direction while sneaking a glance, “So we’ll have to introduce ourselves.” There was a collective groan from the group, which made Ben unsettled more than anything. Maybe he shouldn’t have came, they already found him a nuisance. “Do we seriously have to do this every time we get a new person?” one of the males gestured with his hands as he spoke, giving a desperate look at the brunette. “Yes, it’s to make everyone feel welcome,” she replied, nodding back at him, “Now you start.” “Fine,” the male sighed and turned himself so he was facing the imaginary ‘center’ of the chair circle they had, “My name’s Finn, I’m nineteen, and I’m gay.” “Alright, good,” the brunette nodded at the man next to Finn, “You’re next.” “Uhh, alright,” the dark-haired man straightened himself up in his chair and cleared his throat, “I’m Poe, I’m twenty, and – I’m also gay.” “Hell yeah you are!” Finn turned to fist-bump Poe and they laughed. “I’m next then,” the brunette turned to face Ben and flashed him a grin, “I’m Rey. Nineteen, pansexual.” “Nice to meet you, Miss Flirtatious ,” Finn joked. “Guys, shut up and stay on task!” Rey argued back but smiled nonetheless at his jab, “Plasma, go.” The blonde woman shook her head at Rey and smiled, “Alright, well…my name’s not Plasma, but you can call me Phasma. I’m twenty-one, and bisexual.” She turned to face the red-headed man sitting beside her, “Your turn.” The man mumbled to himself and shifted in his spot, Ben noticing that he was picking at his slacks with his fingers. “Well,” the man sniffed, his eyes fixated on the floor, “Call me Hux. I don’t like my actual name. It—“ he cut himself short and shook his head lightly before continuing, “Just Hux. Gay.” “You didn’t say how old you were,” Finn piped up after he finished. “Does it matter?” Hux countered back, turning his attention toward the other. They started bickering toward one another, which then drew Rey and Phasma into it somehow, but Ben wasn’t paying too much attention to it. He was too busy making sure to remember how Hux’s voice sounded when he spoke, going over this new information several times in his head. He wasn’t sure if he was ever as attracted to a person in his life as he was now. He thought it strange how the man had cut himself short talking about his name, and he wanted to know more about the situation, but— “Uh, Ben?” Ben straightened himself up and lifted his head from where it hung between his shoulders when he heard his name being called, noticing that the entire group now had their attention fixated on him. He felt the heat of a blush start to rise on his cheeks, and he furiously rubbed at it, hoping that it would go away. “Sorry,” he whispered, clearing his throat before he spoke again, “Uh, my name’s Ben. I’m…nineteen, and….” His voice trailed off as he considered what to say. Honestly, he wasn’t very one-hundred percent about his sexuality (seeing as he had never been on a date in his life), but here was no doubt in his mind that he wasn’t straight. Would it just be safe to say that he was gay for now? Surely nobody would question him about it later on after this whole ‘introduction’ nonsense was over. “…and I’m gay. And trans.” He added the last part in a quieter voice than before. “What?” Rey gasped and leaned forward in her chair, “Congratulations!” “Congratulations? What is there to congratulate about being trans?” Finn questioned her and looked at Poe, who only shrugged. “Because he’s found out who he really is and he’s happy! Hopefully,” Rey replied and turned back toward Ben, “Well, not that it’s anything big, but you’re the first transgender person we’ve had in the group. But you’re welcome nonetheless.” “Thank you,” Ben nodded back politely, allowing his eyes to flicker over the rest of the room to gauge their reactions. He found his eyes had stopped when they met with Hux’s own, staring back at him. For a moment, Ben wondered if Hux was going to say something, something stirring behind those pale irises, but then Hux looked away and continued to pluck at his slacks. “So, does anyone have anything to complain about this week?” Rey asked aloud, casting a sideways glance at Finn who closed his mouth, “That is relevant to the group.” “Well, I’ve been talking to someone but when I showed up for the first date, he got out of the car and right back in after he saw I was taller than him. I haven’t heard back from him since. Can you believe that? What is with these males and their over-inflated egos?” Phasma threw her arms up and shook her head, huffing a laugh. “That’s ridiculous!” Rey gasped, “You should have thrown your heel at his car!” “No way, I don’t need to see him again for information exchanges or anything—“ “I, have somethin’ to say,” Poe smirked and threw an arm around Finn, tugging him closer, “We’re hitched now, so he’s taken, ladies.” “We already knew that was bound to happen eventually,” Rey rolled her eyes, “You two couldn’t stop staring at each other since the first day of this club.” “ Whaaat? No way,” Poe gave her a look of disbelief and waved her off, “I think you’re just jealous; I’ve seen you talk with almost every guy and gal on campus!” Phasma shifted closer to Hux and placed a hand on his arm, giving him a concerned look, “Hux. You’re being quiet. What’s wrong?” At that, Rey and Poe hushed their bickering and turned to see what was going on, Ben included. “…I almost didn’t come tonight,” Hux spoke up in a clipped tone, tugging at the bottom hem of his sweater vest, “My father. Again.” “Jeez, can’t he lay off of ya for once?” Poe sighed, “You’re a frickin’ adult, tell him to shove off!” Hux shook his head and buried himself back into the couch cushion as best as he could, “I can’t. He’ll….” “Alright, that’s enough of this negative garbage for one night. Who was supposed to bring the snacks for tonight?” Rey stood and went over to the table with the water, followed by Finn and Poe. Ben let out a breath and stretched himself out, leaning back where he was seated. He watched as Phasma tried to coax Hux up to get some water and talk with her, but he just shook his head and curled in further on himself. When Phasma finally gave up and left, Ben took the opportunity to try his hand at socializing (after a very long time without). He scooted to the end of the couch he was seated at and met Hux at the corner of his own. Well, here goes nothing. “-- hi,” Ben said, reaching his hand out politely, “Ben.” Hux glanced up after some passing moments and fixed him with a look before meeting him with his own (small, soft) hand, “Hux.” Ben offered the other man a smile, suddenly aware of the tightness in his chest (whether it was from his binder, his nerves, or both, he wasn’t sure anymore). There was silence that passed between them before Ben spoke up again, “So you’ve got it hard with your parents, too?” Hux scoffed and shook his head, fingers rubbing over his temples, “Of course. They’re never satisfied with me no matter what I do, good or bad.” Ben nodded in understanding, “Yeah. Mine never approved of me, either. And not just because of the whole being trans thing, but…just all of my life choices in general, I think. They thought I was better – or could be.” He saw Hux glance at him out of the corner of his eye, and then look down again. He wondered if Hux found something interesting (or maybe even attractive) in him too. Or maybe he was just curious. “My father wanted me to go into the military. He wanted me to be an accomplished commander or general like him ,” Hux furrowed his brows, “So when I said I wanted to pursue an education, rather than a military career, he was furious. Not to mention that he found out I was gay. I made a fool of myself thinking I could bring someone home when they were away, and….” Hux stood from the couch and smoothed out his shirt, taking off the sticker and crumpling it up in his hand. “I should go. I’m not even supposed to be here,” he mumbled and went over to the trash and tossed the sticker away, making for the door. Ben sprang up and grabbed for his bag, going after Hux who was nearly out of the building before he caught up, “Wait, I—“ What was he supposed to say, ‘I’m attracted to you even though I only just met you tonight?’ ‘I think I’m in love with you?’ Absolutely not, if he ever wanted a chance to talk to this man again. Hux probably wouldn’t want to hang out with a weirdo. “I just…I enjoyed talking with you, er, in general. I mean, not talking about bad stuff, but-“ Ben chewed at his lip nervously, “Well, do you think that, we could be friends?” Hux crossed his arms over his chest and arched his brow, unsure of what to say. Ben was ready to be denied right then and there, so he could just move on from this embarrassment. He could totally just hole up in his apartment forever, right? “…well, I don’t really know how much free time I would have to talk to you. I have classes during the day and….” Hux rubbed at his arm, starting to shiver from the cold night air. Ben would have given him his jacket, but he decided against it. “I’ll give you my number,” Ben stated, taking out his phone from his pocket and holding it up, “You can…text me, whenever you have time. Or, if you’d like a nice, quiet place to study, there’s an old baseball field down the street from my place that’s perfect. I can take you there sometime.” Hux chewed at his lip for a moment before nodding, patting his own pockets to search for his phone, “Yeah. Sure. That will work.” The two exchanged numbers and Ben offered to walk with Hux on his way home, but Hux had shook his head, saying that he didn’t want him to go that far out of the way just for his sake. So Ben wandered back to his apartment for the night, stripping down to change into some more comfortable sleeping clothes. He stops when his binder is removed; frowning as he sees his chest, still a constant reminder that he’s not quite fully to where he wants to be. That started to make him think of what Hux might say (if they did end up getting together). What if Hux didn’t…like that sort of thing? What if he was looking for an actual guy? Ben tried to shake the thoughts away, changing into different clothes and crawling into bed to sleep for the night. /// Since the first meeting, Ben has been going back every other week, and starting to get to know everyone in the group. He was clicking quite well with Phasma, who was quite impressed with his hair, oddly enough, and wished that she could do more with her own. Rey had made it a habit to tease Ben about anything whenever she had seen him, either at the meetings or on campus (he could also confirm her frequent flirting with everyone ), but he didn’t take it too harshly. Finn and Poe he could get along with, but they were a little too wild for him (and too eager to hook him up with somebody after they found out he was single), so he mostly avoided them if he could help it. Most of his free time now was spent with Hux studying, walking around town and finding new places to hang out, or eat. Ben had invited Hux over to his place, but it seemed like Hux wasn’t ready for that yet. Steadily, their friendship was growing, and Ben found himself falling even harder for this wonderful man. But the problem was: could he even dare to ask Hux to go out with him? Notes: So the final chapter (MAYBE the final chapter) will be coming soon! That should have all of the Good Kylux(TM) in there (I was going to put some in this chapter, but I figured I'd save the best for last). : ^) So stay tuned! Notes: My Tumblr: @lukesterr (Chapter 2 coming soon! It's about to get...GAY. --and supportive!)