Chapter One – Final Flight and the First Order Chapter One – Final Flight and the First Order The Millennium Falcon had settled in at an angle, the saucer shaped starship’s portside brushing the edge of the icy precipice. A thirty metre swath gouged in the surface of the glacier, marking the trail to the crashed freighter’s location. Beyond that was an equally broad miles-long path she had shaved through the snow encrusted coniferous forest beyond. Branches tangled in the base supports of her sensor array, needled twigs and snow covered her mandible accesses. She was nearly buried, her landing struts had not deployed, and the snow piled in around hatches and windows. The old ship settled and groaned, more boulders tumbling off the supporting cliiffside underneath. Corellian alloy bulkheads strained against their bolts and welds, the impact of her near lightspeed landing approach having tested her far beyond what she had been designed for, but not even close to what she had been so lovingly built for. It was not her first crash landing, nor would it be her last. The Falcon had arrived near Starkiller Base’s operations belt, just out of traditional sensor range with three beings in her hold: the Captain, the Wookiee, and Big Deal. After a series of the usual arguments and a quick supply check, the three organic beings had exited the Falcon’s hold through the portside dorsal hatch, on their way to destroy yet another superweapon, at least the third such task the Falcon had participated in since meeting Captain Solo nearly forty years prior. Her hull shifted again, a deep shudder rumbled through her frame, at which point the Captain turned back to his ship, an expression of concern crossing his weathered features. Han Solo took a few steps forward, snow crunching beneath his boots. The wookiee Chewbacca and Big Deal paused, respectfully observing the interaction between the legendary pilot and his ship. Han’s silver mane tossed wildly in the wind, a gloved hand reached up to flick at a stray lock that had stuck to his lashes, his glittering green-gold hazel eyes rheumy. Reverently, Han reached out to the lower edge of the semicircular cockpit window half buried in the snow, brushing off blocks of ice with his hand. The smuggler’s action gentle, deliberate, and thoughtful. “I know,” whispered the old pilot. Giving the ancient starship’s viewport one last swipe at the frost, Han spun on his heel. He marched towards his co-pilot, pausing to lock eyes momentarily with Chewbacca and then stoically hiked past his companions to lead them into the blizzard. The ship’s external visual sensors recorded their silhouettes as the trio vanished into the sparkling whiteness. Within the hour after her crew’s departure, the Millennium Falcon’s security monitors fired up. Alerts flickered across her consoles, warning of potential hostiles outside of the Falcon’s empty hull. Overhead, two TIE fighters hovered, one at the bow, the other at the Falcon’s stern, the low howl of their ion engines echoing across the ice sheet. The Falcon had been left at low power, just enough energy in her system to run security countermeasures and her main computers. She could avoid most rudimentary energy sensors at this level, but her crash site could not be disguised visually. The TIE’s remained on sentry as a rectangular First Order troop transport approached from the east. The transport ship settled opposite her starboard side on the snow swept path the Falcon’s occupants had trod, burying the hastily concealed footsteps beneath an icy flurry of downwash. A ramp dropped, the white thermal boots of snowtroopers stomped down into the snow, the half dozen soldiers lining up in formation at the base of the transport’s ramp. A pair of troopers followed bearing a repulsorcart of sensory equipment. They were followed by a thin-lipped officer in a dark grey uniform who strode the ramp with an imperious air. “I want every part of this ship checked!” The aquiline featured man snapped at the two troopers. He made a quick motion with his fingers and the scanner detail hustled off to inspect Starkiller’s unwelcomed visitor. Remaining a moment, his eyes studying the battered freighter, he ensured the troopers went about their duties, then shivered visibly, retreating into the heated confines of the transport. The Falcon, her systems preprogrammed to identify specific threats, was well aware of the allegiance of the surrounding organics signatures. The ship languidly amused herself with the scanning team. She refused to cycle the dorsal hatch, even when confronted with a high-level lock-code slicer. When the team resorted to spreaders and pry bars, she responded with an electrical pulse that rippled lightning over her hull, stunning the men unconscious. Another crew bearing cutting torches approached with insulated boots and were nearly thrown to their deaths into the valley below when she shook them off with an inverted repulsor thrust. The final crew warily lumbered up to the hatch, armed with insulated magnetic boots and a repulsor field dampener. As they planted detonator charges around her access, the round aperture mysteriously spiraled open, revealing a dimly lit elevator pad. At this point her logic circuits lit up indignant, and she shunted their objections to the ponderous personality of her apathetic transport computer. [Shut up,] after all; she did have her self-preservation protocols. It would not do for the Wookiee and the Captain to return to an open blast crater for a top hatch. The wily old Corellian freighter waited as the First Order crew took their time. Judiciously scanning the YT-1300, the troops searched for potential explosives or traps to catch unwary visitors. The rough landing had dislodged numerous item in the ship’s holds. The troopers methodically sifted through the chaos of items ranging from professional grade hydrospanner toolsets, a sodden Whyren’s box full of children’s’ comic flimsies, to a locker jammed with antique blasters and even slug throwers. A slicer droid, an immobile sleek red anodized cube of virulent programming was brought in with the intention to download logs and navigational data. The troopers plugged the invasive mechanical in to the Falcon’s engineering station’s scomp terminal, only to have the droid light up with electrical discharge, its electronic shriek reverberating around the corridors as it overloaded. The hapless mechanical cursing vehemently in binary at the inwardly smirking ship’s computer. The Falcon replied gleefully with an acidic Corellian expletive-laced binary taunt. The Millennium Falcon gamely tolerated the presence of the snowtroopers who scoured her corridors, the men struggling to balance themselves on her durasteel decking against the odd angle she had settled at in the snow. They scrambled over upended cargo crates and toolboxes thrown across the corridors by the rough landing, carefully scanning for sabotage. They would find little if anything. The Falcon had languished on an Outer Rim graveyard for years until just a few days’ prior, nothing of note onboard would have remained among the sand and scavengers of Jakku. A timepart later, the searching troopers indicated a lack of success. Satisfied, a trooper in the hold’s common area spoke into a comlink. His voice was crisp as the wind that whipped across the glacier. “Ship is clear.” Outside, a sleek ebony shuttle descended next to the troop transport. Its elongated upright wingpanels scissored, and retracted along their length as the shuttle dropped gently to the glacier surface to rest on its landing pads. Amidst a hissing cloud of the landing jets’ vapor, the ramp lowered to allow a tall midnight-cloaked, masked man to descend. His gloved fist clenched at his side, his entire posture tense, readied. The menace rolled out from him in a wave of unease among the assembled First Order soldiers. Men shuffled and muttered uneasily. The leading snowtrooper sentry stepped up and saluted the imposing figure. “Ship is clear, sir” the snowtrooper’s voice wavered slightly. She sincerely hoped it was clear, the man known as Kylo Ren was known to have quite the temper. Rumor had spread of a prisoner’s escape from an interrogation facility earlier in the day, the result being the utter destruction of the chamber by the lightsaber of the man she faced. “Logs?” The soulless black lenses of the Knight of Ren’s black and chrome mask bored into hers. The trooper stiffened, clutching her blaster to her plastron a little tighter. Kylo Ren took a half step forward, easily towering over the trooper. His tone became demanding, “Logs, maps, navigational data, security footage?” “Sir, the slicer droid was rendered inoperable by an unexpected countermeasure. We are awaiting a repla-“ she rambled, trying not to quail. Kylo growled, pushing past the nervous trooper. She had nearly relaxed when he whirled around. “Have you found tracks? Heat signatures? Anything ?” Ren’s tone indicated his exasperation. If the First Order was to be a successor to the Galactic Empire, they had to at least try to be more thorough, more attentive, to just…be… smarter. “Uh, w- we called in for a scouting team.” The trooper stammered. Her knees were quivering nearly as badly as her voice. Kylo Ren paused for a lengthy moment, perhaps waiting for more information. When no further info was forthcoming, he seemed to roll his eyes beneath his mask, the gesture broadcast by the frustrated roll of his chrome-masked head. The tall black clad knight proceeded to stride through the footprint packed snow to the dorsal hatch. The trooper at the top of the ship gave Ren a crisp salute and took a few steps back, allowing the dark knight access. Ren grunted recognition and stepped onto the elevator pad and reluctantly lowered himself into the old smuggling ship. Chapter 2 : Chapter Two - Home Notes: A/N: I would like to thank my first ever Beta reader erindarroch; a goddess of patience, wisdom, and master of fanfic. I hereby do claim any mistakes as mine. A/N: I don’t own any of this. We’re playing with Disney’s action figures in their sandbox (uhh…snowdrift?). A missing moment fic inspired by TFA cut scene “Kylo Searches the Falcon”. It’s about a minute of angsty SW goodness on the HD version. This chapter ends with some utter puffy fluffed fluff. A good start to 2017. May the force be with you this New Year. Timeline: Star Wars VII - the Force Awakens; within canon (including Bloodline and Aftermath: Life Debt) ...more or less. Soul Searching Chapter Two – Home Once ensconced within the aged smuggling freighter, the dark Knight Kylo Ren emerged from the port hallway into the distinctive curved corridor that rang the ship. His arrival was marked within by a razor-edged draft of the outside’s environment’s frozen air. The hulking black-wrapped Knight paused at the doorway, waiting for the cold-induced fog to evaporate from his helmet’s lenses, enabling him to see clearly within the clement confines of the vessel. An adjacent First Order snowtrooper stiffened, then deliberately turned his gaze away. Growling under his breath, taking cautious lumbering steps, Ren moved down the hall to the aft section of the ship. Kylo braced himself on the round bulkheads and crash padding, careful of the shifting debris. He moved past the troopers searching the crew quarters, ignored the looks from the soldier searching the aft circuitry bay, the curious glances of those scouring the dislodged contents of the rear and starboard side cargo holds. He snorted derisively in his mask, the ship was an absolute mess and there was loose stuff everywhere . Kylo smirked caustically at the thought of the ship’s infamous owner having just an absolute, tongue-tying apoplectic fit over the craft’s current condition. Having slogged through a lifetime’s worth of scattered clutter, Kylo arrived at the elongated octagonal cockpit entry. The Knight of Ren paused, his black gloved hands reached up to pull away the worn charcoal-colored knitted fabric of his cowl, revealing a dented black helmet. Taking a harsh breath, he stepped inside with his right foot, arm reaching forward to support himself on the outer edge of the co-pilot seat against the awkward angle. He pulled on the dingy pale leather chair to move forward and his other arm wrapped around the head of the pilot’s chair - his somber black robes stark against the stained backrests. Kylo stood there for a heartbeat, a second, a moment - arms spread, balancing on the snow-slicked metal decking between the two seats. He cocked his head, as though sampling the air like a predator. The breath in his lungs came rapidly now. The atmosphere felt heavy, thick, stifling. He lowered his gaze, focusing on the Force imprinted residue of the recent past, taking in the gleam of the burnished controls, the discolored leather seats, that achingly nova-bright lingering Force presence of- “Han Solo,” Kylo rasped. His mask became an echo chamber for his ragged breathing. Head dropping further, he fought furiously against the onslaught of recollection. Despising the dry tightness in his throat, he inhaled shakily. Kylo endeavored to redirect his innate Force based psychometric abilities to pinpoint on the task at hand. He labored to ignore the overwhelming background noise of the unfiltered emotions and memories imparted by the ship’s long history of occupants that exuded from the surfaces they had touched, the air they had breathed, even the blood and sputum ground into the pitted surface of the decking. The confines of the legendary ship practically reeked of history. A timid sound behind him caused Ren to whirl. A First Order snowtrooper stood at attention in the hall just beyond, openly nervous, quivering. “S-, Sir-“ the trooper began. Were the man’s knees really shaking? “Leave us.” Kylo Ren snapped, annoyed. He flicked his hand at the man, dismissing the irritating gnat. The trooper angled his head – curious - looking past Ren, surveying the otherwise empty cockpit. Us? He was fairly certain the ship had been abandoned. “…Sir?” “Leave us …the- this ship!” clarified Kylo angrily. “I don’t need your presences to disrupt my investigation.” “Yes, Sir!” Saluting, the trooper attempted an about-face, only to blunder to the side of the tilted hallway. His shoulder pauldron making a sharp crack as he stumbled into the durasteel bulkhead. Taking a moment to recover his bearings, the visibly relieved trooper shortly shuffled off in an awkward gait to clear the ship of his comrades. Huffing, Kylo tore off his helmet, revealing youthful aquiline features beneath a wild mop of jet-black hair. Dark, tormented eyes viewed with wry amusement; the confusion of retrofits, open panels and exposed wiring of the cockpit. His nostrils flared as he inhaled the cool recycled air of the timeworn vessel. The evocative odor of leaked drive coolant, hydraulic grease, human sweat and Wookiee filtered through his nasal passages. Kylo shook his head, long black hair tangling in his lashes. He shoved an errant strand behind his prominent ears, listening with some concern to the occasional creak or groan emanating from the stressed frame of the ship. Quickly now, he had to discern the purpose of their visit. Was it to rescue the girl? Or had they sabotage in mind? Sighing heavily, he ran a hand through his mane, exasperated. Resigned to having to do it the hard way, he flopped his long frame into the pilot’s seat. Kylo languidly pulled off his right glove, reached down, fingering the fabric of chair and running his bare fingers along the cool metal of the armrest. The familiar aura of the ship around him made the Knight uneasy, unbalancing the very foundation of his dark conviction. His skin crawled as though he was being observed. Indeed, it felt as though the vessel was analyzing, assessing – even judging him. But no… He shook his head to clear his skull of the absurd thought. Any sentient creature knew even the most complex mechanicals did not possess innate morality, or personality for that matter. How could they? They were preprogrammed. They possessed no Force ability, no imprint upon it except for the atoms with made up their mass. A meteorite had the potential for more soul. The recollection of a stout, plucky blue and silver R2 unit, arguing vociferously with a humanoid-shaped golden protocol droid washed over Kylo. He recalled the seemingly perverse pleasure the 3PO droid took in tormenting Solo; with its inane banter, its complaining, its constant need for acknowledgement, especially when his parents were-… Kylo growled, twisting his freed glove in his hands. The leather squeaking and rustling as he did, edges of the stitched seams stretching and scraping against the exposed flesh of his bare palm – the sting reeling him back in to the present. Taking another calming breath, he recommenced his study, trying to locate the relevant thread of the Force amongst the chaotic weaves that filled and flowed from the panels, seats and overall structure of the cockpit of the Falcon around him. The Force exposed Kylo to lashes of sound, sensation and color - irrelevant vestiges of history and impression; bitter blood-soaked battles with pirates, the unapologetically greedy and base emotions of the parade of thieves that had possessed and neglected the ship over the years. There was an extensive period of the freighter rusting forsaken amongst the dead titans of Jakku. The recent earnest relief and near-joy of the ship’s reunion with its Captain and Wookiee, gleaming like jewels amongst the muted threads of more-distant memory. Gods. Not only was his fath– Solo’s ship a physical mess. It exuded a similar cluttered disarray in the Force. The residue of the First Order Traitor’s hyperactive energies bounced around the ship. The ex-trooper: FN-2187, left a layer of poorly disguised fear, anxious excitement, and… some golden-hued naïve purpose… a longing… Wa-, was that romantic intent? What?! - From a mindless clod like a stormtrooper?? “Ugh.” Kylo’s face scrunched, wishing that sensation had never entered his mental palette. There was the Wookiee’s imprint, the ancient creature’s resolve focused on the nebulous and foolish ideal of the Lifedebt; the honor-bound burden of protection that Wookiee imagined he owed Solo. Kylo’s skin itched again – the purity of the Wookiee’s honor threatened to erode Kylo’s defenses. Other sensations gleaned from the Wookiee’s deeply imbedded presence, were hidden under reinforced layers of the cryptic wisdom of an arboreal space-faring alien – being nearly impossible to decipher. He wondered if the creature had some – however slight – attunement to the Force. The old ship cradled him in its impression in the Force. The warm envelope was somehow homey - haunting, yet comforting. Kylo growled in frustration. He couldn’t allow himself to feel this-, this…sentiment! Gripping the armrests, his fingers digging deep indentations in the padding, Kylo refocused on the mystical energy that permeated the ship, the air, the planet and encompassing galaxy beyond. He spread his dark tendrils out, seeking disturbances, possibilities, ripples indicating a disruption in the flow of destiny. He discovered the thread of fear and determination that had initially alerted Kylo to his fa-…Solo’s arrival planetside; no doubt due to panicked turmoil of the crash. But then, the trail of thought and emotions got indistinct. “Hmmmpf,” Kylo grunted, confounded. Kylo recalled, that decades prior, Han Solo had received some hasty instruction from the Jedi Master Skywalker on defending his mind from intrusion. Solo learned to erect mental walls, that is, if he concentrated enough. A young Ben Solo’s repeated naïve imposition into his father’s Force-blind psyche had triggered that momentous event. Han Solo getting training from Luke Skywalker . Kylo snorted in derision. Solo did not possess a lick of Force ability, but with deliberate concentration he could dampen his strong personality’s imprint upon it. The old man’s usually powerful roil of emotions dissolving into the background clamor of the other ordinary beings around him. It was not a Force ability per-se, merely an alteration of a common meditative technique. Considering Solo’s criminal nature, it was no surprise that the cagey rogue had evolved his original mental defense into an outright camouflage against the probes of a Force user. Annoyingly, the old smuggler had once again managed to deftly cover his tracks. A click emitted from a speaker in the center of the console, followed by a wavering static, punctuated intermittently by indistinct voices. The speaker popped and hissed sporadically. The timbre of the voices nudged Kylo into an eddy of his own. As he was immersed into the Force’s influence, it teemed with the shimmer of the living things around him; First Order troops, officers, native flora and fauna. The muddled vocal tones navigated him to the residue of the familiar presence of- “Dad? Dad! Daaad!!” a high voice squeaked urgently. A single breath, then a rapid chant ensued, “Dadadadadad.” “Holy…” – some hastily muffled words in a lazy baritone. “Just-, Whoa…I’m getting ‘er ready, kid.” “C’mon Dad! Can I try? Puhleeeze! You promised!” The tousled black mop of the over-enthusiastic five-year-old bobbed wildly as he balanced on his toes. The child’s white tunic untucked from the waistband of his dark brown trousers, exposing a cherubic round little belly. He reeeached for his father, bouncing impatiently. The heel of his (they’re so cool, Mom!) shoes’ imbedded lights chasing across their surface at the impact of his feet on the deck. Ben Solo gripped the white shirt sleeve of his father’s right arm as it rested on the pilot’s chair, jerking on it eagerly. The wookiee in the co-pilot’s chair warbled at the Captain in support of the future crewmember, who nodded and grinned. Ahead of the trio, in the viewport, the star speckled edge of a spiral outer rim arm of the galaxy wisped out at the edge of deep space, beckoning them. “Okay. Okay, Junior. But don’t tell Mom. It’s-“ the Corellian pilot’s bright hazel eyes winked at his son. “-classified!” the starry-eyed youngster finished with him, bouncing once more, the shoes lighting up. The pilot’s chair rotated, allowing the boy room to climb up. Yanking on the red military piping that ran the seam of his father’s dark blue trousers, the spindly-limbed child clambered onto his father’s lap. The boy crawled overtop the adult’s thighs, the pilot flinching as the boy wriggled into a position where he could lean forward and brush the tips of the silver levers on the center section of console. His father clutched the lad’s hips lightly to balance the boy, guiding him in the drawling accent of his homeworld. “Can you wrap your fingers on the auxiliary power and hyperdrive levers? How about the autopilot? …No? Need two hands? Okay.” The boy shifted onto his knees. The pilot cringed at the pressure from the child’s bony joints digging into his thighs. He hooked his fingers through the boy’s belt loops, allowing the child to stretch and grasp a lever in each hand. The brilliant smile on his son’s face could not be wider. Ben darted his big brown eyes back to meet his father’s for permission. “When?” the child’s voice chimed. The handsome brown-haired man tapped the display monitor beside the boy. “Co-ordinates for Chewie’s return to Kashyyyk are entered. When the countdown finishes, it’s safe to go,” Not mentioning that the pilot himself rarely abided by the display. The ex-smuggler flew more on instinct than information, his bond with the ship virtually preternatural. As the countdown progressed, the wookiee took a moment to lean over, growling an extended question at the pilot. The pilot smirked, long grease-stained fingers combing through the unruly hair erupting in all directions off of Ben’s head. “Yeah, it was definitely well more than I could have imagined.” answered Han Solo - playfully rough, - yanking the boy close for a peck on the temple. Ben squirmed at the prickly texture of his father’s cheek. “Right?” Han prodded his son with a serious expression. Ben was a bit discomfited by the shift in his father’s demeanor. He reacted as gut instinct told him to; throwing his small arms around the neck of the man holding him, squeezing tightly. Chewbacca hooted at the boy’s response. “Totally worth it, I’d say.” Han’s voice was rough. He cleared his throat, coughing into the cuff of his sleeve, before bracing Ben’s small torso once more. “It’s almost time.” The display ticked down to single digits. Ben beamed at the two pilots. “…Three,” the boy counted loudly. “Two,” his father matched his count in a gruff tone, “One!” the three beings cheered raucously as the boy yanked on the lever set, triumphant. The wookiee roared and ruffled the youngster’s hair with affection. The boy was thrust backwards into his proud father’s durasteel embrace as the ship surged forward past lightspeed. The stars ahead stretched into liquid lines as realspace morphed into the mesmerizing blue chaos of hyperspace. The speakers’ static hiss dissipated, the sporadic drip of meltwater from the decking into the ship’s workings below punctuating the looming silence. Shoulders hunched, Kylo clenched his lids shut at the memory, the edges of his eyes stung. This was not what he had been searching for in the threads of the Force. He blinked furiously, trying to clear his vision. Balling his fist in frustration, he rose, spun on the thick sole of his booted heel, bitterly slamming the padded side of his fist at a section of the cushioned contour panel near the top edge of the cockpit doorway.