I gripped Kylo’s hand a little bit tighter and she beamed back at me. She looked marvelous- as she always does. She was wearing a dress so black that there seemed to be no light hitting it. It was short, and it showed off her curves beautifully. The turtleneck dress had a zipper running down the middle, which the lucky person who had the privilege of unzipping would have to do so from bottom to top. Her hair was curly and slightly messy from our earlier fuck, but it worked with her overall appearance. Men would instantly fall for her. I on the other hand was wearing something that Kylo herself picked out. It was a short and sweet, golden tee shirt dress that she swears brought out my freckles and eyes. I told her she was full of shit. // Kylo smiled at me as she opened the door to the Hotel, where we would find someone to play with. “What?” I asked as she ushered me inside. “You’re stunning.” I blushed lightly, “You’re not so bad yourself.” She grinned at me, like she wanted to eat me alive. I squeezed her hand and moved forward, going toward the bar. I gave her a look that said there’ll be time to eat later. She nodded and took a seat at the bar. I turned to the bartender and flashed him a bright smile, “We’ll have two glasses of champagne.” The bartender’s eyebrows shot up. “What could you two lovely ladies possibly be celebrating?” Me and Kylo gave each other a special, intimate look. I turned towards him and smiled, “Lust.” He made a shocked face and shrugged, before turning away. Kylo moved her hand on my thigh and pinched. This night was going to be interesting. // We didn’t have to wait too long. We never had to wait long. That was the thing about men, they were entitled. Felt like the world had to submit to their petty whims and desires. At first it surprised me. No matter what bar no matter where we were in the world. Men would walk up to us and suggest that he had a threesome. It didn't matter what we were wearing, or how we were behaving. It used to shock me. Now it's predictable. “Hello ladies, what could you two possibly be doing all alone this late on a Friday evening?” Kylo and I turned to study the man who had addressed us. He was plain. His hair seemed like it once was a beautiful shade of gold, but now it was greying with age. His face was wrinkly, and his eyes were a bright blue. I could see how some women would find him attractive but I couldn’t. I liked unique and bright things. Things like Kylo. The man was probably in his late forties, probably owned a company, and was definitely married if that ring on his finger had anything to say about it. They were all the same. Kylo spoke up, “We’re waiting for a special someone.” Her eyes sparkled at the last two words and the man seemed to be put off by her blunt answer. Kylo was never too good at interacting with others. “Who might that special someone be?” He asked, silently surprising me with his determination. I bent down so that he had a clear look at my breast and smirked. He stared, completely unashamed. I moved closer to him and whispered in his ears, “Why don’t you take us somewhere and find out?” // We made it to the man’s hotel room in nearly five minutes. Once inside Kylo immediately moved towards me. I opened my mouth for her and she responded quicker than I expected. Her breath felt hot in my mouth as her tongue glided off of mine. The man - Tom or some other generic name - moaned at the sight. We ignored him and Kylo continued to kiss me. She began to grind her body against mine and I grabbed her ass for some leverage. That only made her want me more it seemed. She felt me up slowly and I moaned in her mouth. I heard something wet and figured that our guy was jacking off, but I didn’t care. It wasn’t about him. It never was. Kylo squeezed my boobs and I gasped in her mouth. I would've loved to continue with her, but we had business to take care off first, I pulled back. She opened her eyes slowly and looked at me sadly. I cupped her cheeks and mouthed the word patience. She grunted and nodded before turning back to our man. She moved out of the way so that I could see him indeed jacking off. He was sitting on the bed completely nakd. He gave us a sly smirk. “Starting without us?” I teased as I snaked my way to the bed. I laid on his right side, and I motioned for Kylo to lay on his left. His grin deepened, “I couldn’t help myself, you two are just beautiful,” he turned towards me to kiss me, but I turned away. “Ah uh!” I smirked at the look of confusion on his face. I reached out and gripped his penis in my hand, giving it a few long and slow strokes. The man’s head fell back onto the pillows. I nodded at Kylo giving her the signal. Her eyes gleamed. “You know what I want?” I breathed into the man’s neck as I continued to stroke him. “Ww-what?” “I want you to give my friend a hickey.” He opened his eyes and schedule sharply. He turned to consider Kylo and smiled. “Okay.” He turned towards Kylo and fumbled with her zipper for a second. I watched in anticipation as he got higher and higher until he was at her breast. He bent forward and kissed her still clothed chest. I huffed in annoyance, and lightly shoved him. “Alright, alright!” He laughed as he went back to unzipping Kylo’s dress. Once he got to her neck he froze in shock- they always did. I took the opportunity to quickly undress myself, letting the hungry mouth on my stomach breathe a little. “What the fuck!” The man gawked at Kylo’s third eye which set proudly on her neck. It blinked at him, the glared. My second tongue licked its lips at the sight. The man tried to turn back towards me but gasped at the sight of my second mouth. It was salivating at the very thought of food. I watched as Kylo’s fangs grew in, my resolve slowly dissappearing. The man tried to leave the bed but it was too late. Kylo pinned him down and immediately bit off his left arm, she drank the blood that was squiritng from his shoulder. He screamed in pain and I immediately sat on his chest and leaned over his head, my second mouth quickly devouring his face. He tasted salty and tangy, it's not like my mouth really cared about taste though. The man shook and squirmed underneath me, as my mouth bit and quickly swallowed his face - skeleton and all. Once he stopped I knew that he was dead. Kylo and I continued eating for what seemed like hours. We didn’t talk too much while we ate. We didn’t even acknowledge each other really. Our instincts took over, and all that mattered in the moment was our target. When there was nothing left of the man we both slumped back on the bed. Killing always felt like sex. The goal was always to feel as good as possible for as long as possible. But once the food was all gone, I always felt empty but excited at the thought of there being a next time. I turned at looked at her. She was covered in sweat and blood but she never looked more beautiful. She turned to me and smiled brightly. We both moved to each other and kissed each other. I moaned at the taste of the man in her mouth. Her fangs bit the fat of my lips until blood spilled out. I grunted at the feeling of her tongue licking my lips, effectively whiping the blood off. I sat up and pulled her closer to me. I reached inside of her panties. I slipped my fingers against her fat pussy and wasn’t too surprised to feel how wet she was. “Always so wet for me.” I murmured against her lips. She growled as she moved on to my neck. My hips twitched against the sharp sting feeling of her fang sinking into my neck. “Hux! Pleaaassee.” She moved against my hand, and I smiled at her. I decided to give her some mercy considering how good she’d been for me. For us. I slid my fingers inside of her, feeling woozy from how soft and warm she felt. I rubbed my fingers against her clit and she cried out. This wasn’t going to last long, I was tired, and Kylo was too beautiful to ignore. I sped up my pace quickly. I absolutely loved the noises that Kylo was making. “Ah! Fuck! Hux, so good.. So perfect. Fuck!” She squinted her eyes shut and groaned. She twitched against my fingers and screamed my name as she came. I held on to her and kissed her collarbone. “So good for me Kylo. So good.” She slumped in my arms and slowly regained her breath. I slid my fingers out of her and she winced. I dipped my fingers towards my second mouth and Kylo’s eyes widened as she watched its tongue quickly lick up the taste of her juices. “How does it taste?” She asked absent mindedly. “Delicious.” She looked back at up me and blushed. I pulled her closer to my and wrapped my arms around her. We both laid down on the bed and I kissed the top of her head. “Night ‘Tage.” “Night, Kylo.” In the morning we’d have to clean up this mess, leave town, and lie low for a little while. But for now we had each other. And that was more delicious than any man would ever taste. Notes: Because I absolutely cannot get enough of the serial killer au trope of "tricking someone to have a threesome with us then murdering them" Anywho, I really hope that you liked it! I struggled to come up with a plot for this prompt because I've never written body horror before. I kinda like how it came out tho! haha Kudos, comments, and bookmarks are always appreciated! My tumblr: oforlikelalune Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 23 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work →