“Are you afraid of me?” he asks, in the dark, in the night. There is no night, not in space, but Humans make one all the same. They stand high up on a viewing platform, away from the hustle and bustle of the souls whose shift is quietest. Both of them should have turned in for the night, long ago. They should be in their respective rooms, resting for the next day. Not standing here, listening to the hum of the engine, watching the light of stars that could well be dead float by. “I’m not the one in the mask,” his companion replies. “The mask is there for you to be afraid.” “But you keep it on to hide your own fear.” The soldier is - maddeningly - correct. Correct in ways Kylo has never let himself face, and it hasn’t taken an IT-O unit to work it out of him. Hux is not afraid. Not of the mask, even though he should be. Kylo doesn’t understand that, and here he is, all the same. “But what of what’s underneath it?” Kylo pushes. “How can I be afraid of something I haven’t seen?” “Isn’t that the most terrifying of all?” A shrug. “No. Not to me. My fears I know.” Kylo wonders what his own worst one is. Once, he knew. Now… it’s more complicated. Thumbs ease under the closures, slide at the locks that keep his face from view. He’s not sure when someone last saw him, and his eyes fight to stay up when the mask reaches his hip. Hux examines him, then reaches out with a hand. No - the glove needs removing - and then there’s skin on skin and Kylo almost cries out at the strangeness of it. It’s more intimate than anything he remembers, feeling his cheek pushed, his lip thumbed. His whole self shakes with the heat of it, and this - oh this - is the most terrifying thing of all. How much he needs it . “You’re not frightening,” Hux proclaims. “Not to me.” Kylo wants to beg those fingers to stay, but they drop. He’s woozy and drugged, and there’s no hiding his reaction, not now. “You are,” Kylo says. “You are, to me.” Hux is terrifying, and Kylo can no longer run. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 130 of the Kylux - Fluff & Angst series Next Work →