The Midnight Hour Kylo Ren stormed down the hallway; boots echoing off the durasteel walls. If he were in any other mood, he would smirk at the way the Stormtroopers quickened their pace at the opposite end of the hall. But not now, now his anger clouded his vision and covered the ship in a haze of red. He knew where he was going, his steps though loud, were purposeful. He soon reach the door to the quarters her quarters; he didn’t bother knocking. The door flew open from the impact of the Force, and the Knight stepped inside. The silence seemed too loud, it seemed to penetrate his helmet and pound itself into his skull and he stopped. Ren looked around, something felt off. Even at the oddest of hours, such as this very moment, the Knight could easily hear the young woman’s mind loudly working, thinking, calculating. But not tonight; tonight her mind was abuzz in a different manner, a manner Kylo was unfamiliar with. Her train of thought was, uneven; not broken and frazzled like her thoughts became when she was stressed, her thoughts seemed to drift. Her mind appeared to be in a haze, but what really threw the Knight off was the single emotion that thrummed through the young woman’s mind; peace. Hux was never at peace. In the short time Ren knew the young General he had never sensed anything but stress and determination rolling off her consciousness. This was certainly new, and certainly a cause for concern. Realizing he had been standing completely still in the entrance of Hux’s quarters for quite a while now, Kylo Ren stepped forward cautiously and quietly. Forgetting why he traveled down to the General’s quarters in the first place (to complain about malfunctioning battle droids. Droids that he had caused to malfunction) ideas raced through the young Knights head at what could have caused the General’s consciousness to malfunction in such a way. Perhaps she was sick, or maybe even drunk. He tried to push down the feeling he refused to call panic as images of a wounded general were conjured up by his overactive mind. No, he told himself, she can’t be sick or injured, I would feel her pain. His boots creaked softly as he made his way through the dim quarters, dimmer than what Hux usually preferred he idly noted as he rounded the corner. He stopped dead in his tracks, his cheeks heating up slightly. She wasn’t sick or injured or drunk, Hux was- Hux was sleeping. Now that was something he had never seen the General do before. The Knight was about to leave, cursing himself for being so worried, before he turned back once more. It was obvious that Hux had not meant to fall asleep, as she was slumped on her desk, head resting on her data pad. That can’t be comfortable, a part of himself reasoned, he supposed it wouldn’t help the General’s high stress lifestyle if she had a neck injury. At least, that’s what the Knight told himself in order to rationalize his actions. As he stepped towards the sleeping redhead, he reached out with the Force, ensuring that her sleep was deep and she would not wake up while he was in her quarters. After ensuring that she would remain asleep, he pushed all the thoughts from his mind and scooped up the General. She was much lighter than he expected, he could feel how slender, almost bony her frame was through her uniform. He moved her gently, as if he was afraid she might break apart if he jostled her too hard. He carried her from her desk to the small, neat bedroom; he opened the door with the Force and stepped inside. Ever so gently, much more gently than he would ever admit, he pulled back the covers and placed the General- the bane of his existence and the thorn in his side- on the bed. He quickly removed her boots and placed them by her bed. Looking down at the young redhead, he lifted the heavy weight of Force sleep off her mind. Ren listened until the odd, unsteady and gentle pattern of her mind- her dreams he realized, resumed their slow loping pace across her consciousness. He shook his head suddenly, cursing himself for- for what? he asked himself, being concerned for the health of his co-commander? Yes. He decided. He was simply expressing concern for the General’s health, after all, how helpful would an injured General be? Pulling the blankets over the general’s form and making a mental note to ensure the woman actually ate, Kylo swiftly exited the General’s quarters. Chapter 2 : The Morning Hour Summary: The morning after Notes: Wow I'm sorry. Exams happened, work happened, school happened, and inspiration for a new chapter didn't happen. But here, it's not much but it makes me feel less guilty. General Hux woke to something tickling at her nose; brow furrowing, she opened a bleary eye before sitting up quickly. She was in bed. That would be normal, if she actually slept in her bed on a regular basis, and what was more, she didn’t remember getting up from her desk, taking off her boots and actually getting in bed. She pushed her mussed hair out of her eyes- it must have fallen out of place last night- and got up. The energized and blissful feeling from sleeping in a bed for the first time in weeks felt strange to her. She straightened her uniform, nearly turning her nose up at the idea of sleeping in her bed in the same clothes she wore while yelling at troops and Ren alike. Shaking her head and stepping over to her desk and forgotten datapad, Hux picked it up to check the time. It was late. Very, very late. Having had her schedule memorized practically since she entered the academy, knowing she didn’t have to be on the bridge for at least another two hours slowed her quickened heart rate a little. She let out a little breathe before placing her data pad back down. She sighed rubbing at her eyes before trailer her hands through her pin-straight hair before recoiling slightly. Her hair felt dirty and greasy, and Hux made a small noise of disgust; she was surprised by how caught up she could get in her job and how quickly she could forget things such as basic hygiene. She shrugged off her uniform and stepped into the refresher. Turning the water on ,she stepped under the spray, feeling all of the tension leave her muscles as she closed her eyes. Ren felt stupid. Really really stupid. But here he was, carrying a tray of heaping, hot food down the ship’s corridors. He could feel the confusion rolling off the officers and storm troopers; but he could also feel their own fear keeping them silent. He stared straight ahead, thankful that his mask covered his burning face. He moved quickly, ducking into General Hux’s quarters and praying that the Stormtroopers passing him weren’t the same from the night before. He scanned the room as he stepped inside, thankful that the General was nowhere in sight, though he could hear the water running. He could see that her sheets were rumpled and disorderly, proving she had more or less slept the night in them. He almost laughed at the amount of hairpins on and around her pillow. He stood there, for who knows how long and who knows why, simply taking in the scent and sight of the General’s quarters for the second time. At least until he heard the water turn off. Panicked, Ren set the tray down on the desk and bolted. Hux exited the shower wrapped in a towel, wringing out her coppery hair, when she stopped suddenly. Someone had been here. Nothing was missing or even moved, but a massive tray full of food cluttered her desk. She approached it carefully, as if it was a bomb. It looked and smelled fine, no, it smelled wonderful. The scent permeated throughout the room making her mouth water. Yet she inspected it. There was no note, no sign of who had left it. She was certain she hadn’t requested a meal to her quarters. And this was certainly too much for her to possibly eat. She turned away from it to change into a clean uniform and gazed at the clock. There was time still before she was required on the bridge. General Hux did something she hardly ever does, she sat down and ate. Notes: I might continue with the next chapter being from Hux's perspective; It'll be a lot of 'wtf ren' as if there isn't enough 'wtf ren' out there already