First Encounters Two boys-no, two men-sat alone on a downed tree stump, that lay on the edge of a shallow forest. A forest that rested, elevated overlooking a small town. The town below the pair twinkled lightly, with only a few buildings illuminated at this time of night. The street lamps were the main sources of light at this point, dotting across the town. Almost like the starry sky above them, was reflected into the town below. The two men that sat looking down at the town were silent, enjoying the company of the other, while their systems were lightly buzzed with the electrifying tang of alcohol. Said alcohol coming from a shared bottle that rested between them on the forest floor. Of the two, one of them dragged their gaze away from the town back up to the sky. To watch the glittering light of stars dance around the backdrop of black. Being so far from any very large city, the stars could dance freely and brightly, and the sight always enraptured the smaller of the two. While the taller male also pulled his gaze from the town below, his eyes instead turned to rest on the man beside him, looking over his form. Although it was dark he would always be able to see him as if it were broad daylight. His bright ginger hair, that seemed almost orange in the right lighting, that was always strictly combed back and parted with a perfect straight line. Though now after partaking in drink and the past day’s festivities it was now slightly shook from its strict prison. Laying flat and loose against his head, draping over his forehead. His soft sloping shoulders, usually so sharply defined with his large coat he wore nearly everywhere, but was now discarded in the warm early summer heat. The taller man’s eyes trailed lower, looking over the slim fit of the other man, how his torso curved into a thin waist and small hips, into his lanky legs which were just a tad shorter than his own. He smiled softly, a gentle little tug of his lips, something so small it could fool some into questioning if it was even there in the first place. Despite all the pair had been through the past four years, he was always amazed at how striking the other man looked. Especially the special glint in his eyes when he became enthralled in something he loved so dearly. As he watched up at the stars, he could see that glint, that softened his usual stern and stoic face, cutting away into who he truly was underneath his built up mask behind. Again he was always amazed at how perfect he seemed to be, when he was slightly disheveled and off in a secret place of his mind, a place that he went only when he was around. His eyes stayed locked stiffly on his companion as his mind began to wander away. Thoughts swirling with thoughts of the past couple years and alcohol. They’d come so far, grown so close, and yet here they are, the last day together before they’re pulled away for years. His thoughts turned a bit darker at that, being reminded that this will be his last time seeing someone who has become such an important aspect in his life. “Kylo-” He was jostled from his thoughts, even making an involuntary jump when his companion addressed him. Kylo hadn’t realized that the other had stopped staring at the stars, and now stared at him, most likely wondering why Kylo was staring at him so absentmindedly. “I-what? Sorry Hux just kinda drifted off-” he gave an apologetic smile and Hux continued to look on with his normal blank face. “Yes I noticed,” He turned his head away reaching down for their bottle of whisky, stolen from Kylo’s father who was never good at locking away the liquor, and sighed. But Kylo knew this kind of sigh. It wasn’t an exasperated sigh, no it was more of just a release of air, Hux did it often when he caught Kylo doing something overly romantic, and he doesn’t know how to properly react to it. “What were you thinking about?” he inquired just before tilting the bottle back against his lips, greedily gulping down a big swig of the ambur liquid. “What?” Kylo tilted his head to the side, his wavy ebony hair sliding and bouncing to the side along with the movement. “You were thinking about something to make you drift off, what was it?” he asked again not looking back at the other, keeping his gaze straight forward. Kylo himself turned his head to look back over the little quiet town. He let out a sigh of his own, leaning back as best he could while on a log. “Us,” he stated simply, unable to not notice how Hux stiffened slightly beside him. He chose to elaborate further. “Just how we got to where we are now,” he laughed quietly to himself, turning his head up to the sky, watching small wispy clouds try to obscure the view of the dancing light, but all they managed to do was give the stars a beautiful gown to waltz around. “Remember when we first met we hated each other, and now look at us,” as if to prove his statement he leaned over a bit, resting his head on Hux’s shoulder. Hux did not enjoy outward displays of affection, but sitting here on the downed log, at one in the morning in the shallow woods, it was their domain. Their little place of dwelling, where they felt safe and themselves. So instead of pushing him away as he would have almost anywhere else, he relaxed under him and rested his own head on top of Kylo’s. He also smiled softly to himself, making a short snort. “I certainly remember a little brat who couldn’t handle being outshone by the new kid.” Kylo made a light jab to Hux’s side, lower lip sticking out in a pout at the teasing. “Well I remember a little prissy rich kid strolling into my class acting like he was better than everyone else-” Kylo shot back, smirking a bit now. “That’s because I was,” the pair broke out into laughter at that, Kylo’s hand coming to wrap around Hux’s waist so he wouldn’t topple over. “Yeah well not better than me, maybe those other annoying kids,” Kylo laughed moving his head to the side and pressing a soft kiss into Hux’s neck. “Oh no, I was immediately better than you, that is for sure!” Hux shot at him, face dusting with a small blush as he felt his neck being kissed. Though that didn’t keep him from leaning slightly into the lips. “‘Snot how I remember it,” he added, along with another kiss. “Well you were too spacy in middle school anyway, how would you remember?” “Says the astronomy nerd!” “Wrong kind of spacey, nitwit!” The pair continued to bicker like this, Kylo only being silenced when Hux pressed the whisky bottle to his lips, giving him no other choice but to drink. As he drank he let his mind wander again, despite what Hux said, he does remember middle school, a lot more vividly than he’d like to admit. Ben Solo was a child not greatly accepted amongst his peers. He was a little strange, with large ears, a big nose, skin dotted with dark freckles and moles. His hair a very dark brown, just like his parents, and never knowing how to properly act around other kids. They thought he was weird, and with his easily triggered temper it only added fuel to the flames that rose against him. He eventually learned a way to use their concerns and apprehension for him to his advantage. They would spread rumors and antagonize him into blowing up, which would result in something of either his own or the school’s getting broken. So he was told that the only way to keep them from picking on him was to make them fear him. He became a fighter, began to attack his bullies, viciously, fights he would always win. Word of his strength and short fuse infected the school, instilling the fear he was hoping, and from then out the other students stopped talking to him altogether. He never saw that being one of the outcomes, as halfway through seventh grade he was without friends. And no one brave enough to try and make his acquaintance. That is, until Armitage Hux strutted into his life. The little boy showed up at the school one day, and acted as if he had been there every day before. Walked in, wearing clothes that made him look as if he just came straight from a fancy private school, sticking out like a sore thumb, an annoyingly smug sore thumb. Sweater vest overtop a wrinkle free dress shirt, khaki pants adorning his legs, trailing down to perfectly polished black dress shoes, topped off with a large coat with broad shoulders that was just slightly too large for him. His hair set so stiffly that it looked as if it were glued into place, eyes hard, and face straight, he looked as if he was hear to be taught by the queen of England herself, not sitting well immediately amongst the middle class public school children. Ben didn’t like him right off the bat. Something about his stuck up attitude that wafted an ‘I’m better than you’ atmosphere, and how he looked over all his classmates as if they were all his underlings just set Ben off. He had appeared in the desk next to his own one day in his history class, sitting with his back perfectly straight, not even using the back of the chair, hands folded overtop his fancy organized binder, eyes straight forward. Ben gave him an angry glare as he trudged over to his own seat. Throwing down his backpack and slouching in his chair. He glanced over to see Hux looking at him, gaze hard and near venomous. Ben’s own face seemed to deepen in his scowl, skin around his nose crinkling up. “What’re you lookin’ at?!” Ben had demanded leaning closer in his seat, trying to make himself seem more intimidating. Hux raised an orange eyebrow looking over Ben with a look no less than disdain. “Just admiring the animal life of the classroom.” came his curt reply, spoken as if it were to any passerby on the street, while his face reflected pure spite. Ben could feel a growl rising in his throat, but luckily for them both, it was the teacher that stopped him from doing anything further. A project had been discussed by the teacher for quite sometime, and it appeared the start date was finally nearing for the students. As the teacher spoke more on the details he allowed himself to sump further in his seat and occasionally glare at Mr. Fancy Armitage Hux. He didn’t care about the project, at least not enough to pay attention to what the teacher was describing. It would just be something he’d complete the night before or find a way to trick his mother into doing it for him. Suddenly he noticed that the redhead he had been glaring at was now looking back at him. It was like looking in a mirror, both their glares matching the other’s ferocity in them. “Ben!” he jumped and it was then the teacher had been trying to address him. He straightened up and looked at her, trying not to look as dumbfounded as he was. “Is that alright with you?” she asked, for what he assumed wasn't the first time. He hadn’t heard anything, but he didn't want her to know he hadn’t been. Throwing caution into the wind, a habit he picked up from his father, and replied, “Y-yes mam!” she looked him over, her stare giving away she knew he was completely lost, but she turned her back on him and back to the board. “Fantastic, that’s very nice of you to agree to work with our new classmate.” What?! He watched as she wrote his name and Armitage’s next to each other under the heading of “Debate Groups”. A debate project, they were having a debate in class and Ben had just stupidly committed himself to with Mr. I’m-too-good-for-the-rest-of-you Hux. He groaned softly to himself slouching back down in his chair and looked over at the redhead, who was still glaring at him. “Well don’t look so eager,” came his sarcasm, “At least pretend like you’re not going to burst with excitement.” With that and a roll of his eyes Armitage turned back forward, giving his attention back to the teacher. Ben wanted to dig his fist into his pale freckled face so badly, in fact he might have done it if he was pressed just one more time. Luckily for the both of them Armitage looked like he was done with Ben, for now. Ben had wasted no time in leaving that class once the bell had rung. He didn’t want to stick around with Mr. Fancy Pants any longer, he was still riled up by him. This is why things were better when everyone left him alone. But Armitage Hux was new, he didn’t know what Ben was capable of, he didn’t know to be afraid. With a small smile adorning his pale face Ben let his thoughts run rampant with the idea of beating Armitage's blank face. Roughing up his perfect clothes, staining his stupid shirt with his blood, scuffing up his shoes, and tearing his hair out of it’s stiff placement. Ben wanted the kid to cry and beg for Ben to leave him alone, Ben wanted him to fear him. Armitage Hux reminded him what it was like when kids weren’t scared of him, and he hated to remember it. Snoke was right, making them fear him was the better alternative, sure he had no friends, and he was a lot lonelier than he let on to his parents, but that’s what Snoke was for, and he’d take all the loneliness if it meant he wouldn’t have to look at Armitage Hux’s smug little face ever again. Much to Ben's dismay, he couldn’t put Armitage in his place, not yet. They were required to work together on this project, and even with Ben’s irrationalities, he could at least try and put his feelings aside until they could get a decent grade. But Armitage made it so hard not to reel back and punch him right in the jaw. Ben swore that every time he opened his mouth he was begging Ben to punch him. Ben had come close to doing it, more than once, but luckily someone or something would interrupt his thoughts that screamed for him to do it. Despite both boy’s obvious disdain for each other they actually managed to get some work done. With Armitage's strict work ethic and perfectionist personality, coupled with Ben’s passion and natural talent for persuasive speeches (something he couldn’t help but pick up from his senatorial mother), they were extremely productive and in no time flat had solid arguments for both sides of their topic that both seemed like impenetrable walls of logic and facts. It wasn’t until the day of the actual presentation that Ben realized the entire debate couldn’t be won on content, they made sure both arguments were equal, it would have to come down to delivery. And while Ben felt confident in what he’s inherited from his mother and the talent she helped him refine, he also heard Armitage practice his speech. It was intimidating, something Ben was not used to feeling. The teacher assigned them each a side of the argument with the flip of a coin, that way it would be fair and neither party would have the advantage. And right off the bat Ben knew he was doomed. Ben had passion, and he wrote his passion right into his words, but Armitage, he emitted passion. The way he spoke, flowing through his words, the emotions he conveyed while at the same time keeping himself together was astonishing. He showed bursts of anger in certain moments, and kept it in check at others, invoked sympathy where it was needed and constructive thoughts elsewhere. His speaking abilities could go up against Senator Leia Solo-Organa, and he was just a seventh grader. His tongue was sharp and his wit sharper, every jab Ben tried to make at his argument were batted away easily, it was like Ben was fighting with a dual edged sword, and every argument bounced of a shield of logic by Armitage and sent it right back at Ben. When it was all over, Ben realized he had no chance right from the beginning. A winner of the debate was named, and the class cheered, and Ben felt his anger and embarrassment rise. Armitage won, and he stood there with the smuggest look on his face, that read “I knew I would win from the start”, it made Ben’s face heat up and his fists clench. They would both get the same grade, except Armitage would get five extra points for winning, and it made Ben so close to losing it. The teacher could see this and had Ben go sit down while moving Armitage to sit closer to her desk. She had dealt with Ben enough to know that she needed to separate him from whatever his rage was directed at. Armitage sat in that seat like he was king, no, emperor, of the entire world, with so much regal smugness Ben was surprised the students around him weren’t choking on it. He thought he just might. Armitage embarrassed him, in front of a class that feared him. They should have been too scared to applaud his failure, but Armitage Hux compelled them to do it and practically ruined his superiority in this class. Armitage needed to be put down, right in the place he belonged. Below Ben, like everyone else was. Armitage was smart however, once the bell rang he was gone with the rush. He knew Ben was out for blood. And yet his retreat didn’t seem cowardly, but rather strategic. He was going to meet Ben on his own terms, and that thought irked Ben just that bit more. He swore he would break the slightly smaller ginger, make his stone face crack and crumble, cover it with blood and tears. Ben wanted him to know who exactly he had messed with, who exactly Armitage Hux thought he was better than. As he’d hoped his opportunity came soon, but not in the context he would have prefered. He was sitting out in front of the school, waiting on his father to pick him up. He was late, again. When dealing with Han Solo, you always expected him to be late, if he was on time, or god forbid early, that means Leia was in charge or you’re faced with an imposter. Nonetheless Ben was beyond irritated that his father was late, and he sat there on the bench, chin resting in his hand and a subtle pout on his lips. It was here that Armitage Hux approached. He was silent as he stalked closer, he was already thin and most likely light, but the grace and authority he walked with made his steps almost silent, like a cat stalking its prey. It wasn’t until he was just a few steps behind him that Ben finally took notice on the quiet rustling and crunching of grass behind him. And when he turned the boy stood there, back straight as always and face twisted in a smirk. “Well hello Benny, are you sulking like a toddler?” he asked, his voice raising into a condescending tone. “What do you want, and don’t you dare call me that!” He shot back with a growl, standing up to match his height. He was sure his cheek was red from his palm, he tried to show he didn’t care. “I just wanted to talk, no need to be so hostile. You know I’ve heard some things from the other students about you, none of them are good.” Ben felt his fists clenched tightly, he wanted to punch him so badly right now. “What do I care what you hear?” he lied his face beginning to heat up. His thoughts had already begun to run rampant about the possibilities of what exactly Armitage had heard. “And what do you care for that matter?!” He shouldn't of asked, he knew he shouldn’t of asked, it was a trap Armitage set and Ben was stupid enough to walk right into it. Armitage smiled at him and walked around the bench, his way of removing anything that could protect him, showing he didn’t fear Ben at all. “Well you see, some acquaintances I’ve made give off the impression that they are scared of you, which I find laughable. You look like nothing more than a spoiled little baby-” Ben swore his vision turned red, he was not going to allow this nobody to insult him, to act like he was better than him, to not fear him. He reached out, fisting the other boy’s perfect wrinkle free shirt and pulled him close so that they were nose to nose. Armitage didn’t even flinch. Ben was baring his teeth in a fierce snarl, but Armitage's face remained solid, his smirk remaining unmoved. “Stop talking now, or else I’ll make it so you’ll never open your mouth again.” He had growled, arms shaking in rage. Armitage gave a laugh that sent some droplets of spit fly out onto Ben’s face. “I’d like to see you try.” His smirk grew larger as he narrowed his eyes. It was a dare, to egg Ben on, and had Ben been thinking straight he might of realized, but he was so lost in his rage he couldn’t help but finally give his shaking fists what they hungered for. He reeled back and wasted no time in sending a punch squarely for Armitage's perfectly stone face. He felt the two collide, and Ben released his hold on his shirt, wanting to see Armitage fall on his ass, and maybe get some pretty grass stains on his fancy pants. Armitage didn’t go down, he staggered back, clutching at his nose with one hand, but other than that he seemed unaffected. He still kept his smirk in place, but his eyes shown a new determination in them. Ben had been so shocked that Armitage hadn’t fallen down sobbing and bleeding, that he couldn’t react fast enough for the punch that hit him back. Nor the second, or the third. Three punches came at him, two for the face the third for his abdomen, all in such quick succession that he found himself in the grass, with his nose bleeding all down his black T-shirt. He looked back up, cupping his nose trying to stop the blood that just kept coming. Armitage looked down at him, smugger than Ben had ever seen him, rubbing his knuckles. Ben lunged, he took no time to asses himself, he jumped the ginger, sending him to the ground. He tried to punch, but Armitage managed to grab his wrist before it could come down on him. He wasn’t fast enough for the second, which collided with his lip, splitting it wide open. He wasn’t lucky enough with the second as Armitage grabbed the other wrist too, holding them tight. “You’re such a prick, you piss me off so much!” Ben screamed struggling to free one of his wrists, to no avail. As they struggled and Ben leaned over Armitage, a lot of the blood from his nose ended up on Armitage's face and shirt. At least that goal had been achieved. “I’m the prick?!” Armitage spit out between clenched teeth, as he fought to keep Ben from continuing his assault as well as attempt to get free himself. “You’re the little brat that glowered at me the moment you saw me! You made enemies with me before I spoke a single word to you!” “When a little twirp shows up looking right out of some stuck up rich school what do you expect?! Is that where you came from? A fancy rich school, you get kicked out or something?! You stupid or something-” His words cut off as a sudden hard punch landed under his jaw, making him bite his tongue and lip. Armitage had released Ben’s wrist, for the sole purpose of punching him again, his composure falling finally as he gave into his unbridled rage. Ben was taken back again, not expecting the blow, and endured another which managed to shove him off Armitage entirely. He landed on his back with an ‘oof’ and a groan, beginning to feel the pain from the other punches. He expected more, prepared to defend himself, but upon looking up he saw Armitage still on the ground panting heavily, looking up at something. Or someone. A shadow cast over Ben, and when he looked up towards its source he saw none other than Han Solo sauntering over to them. He looked disappointed, and Ben didn’t know if it was for the fight, or the fact it looked like he was losing. “Ben!” He called out, loudly and with enough authority it made him flinch. He let out a deep sigh and relaxed against the grass. As all his anger began to finally leave him he was able to think clearly again. And he knew his mother would be furious about this, and so upset about how much blood he was covered with. It would have been worth it, had he at least managed to make Armitage look the same. However he only landed the two hits, he doubted Armitage looked even close to how he did. When Han reached him he held out his hand to help him up. He didn’t want to take it, he didn’t need his father’s help. But everything hurt and he just wanted to leave. So he took the hand and slowly raised up, seeing Armitage doing the same on his own. He really didn’t look as bad as Ben. But his wrinkle free dress shirt was wrinkled and covered in grass strains and Ben’s blood. Same with his fancy dress pants which also had some grass stains. His hair was messed up and ruffled out of the strict comb from before and his face had a nice bruise and a split lip. Ben allowed himself to smile, taking Armitage's ruined exterior as a victory. “You alright kid?” Han asked, not to Ben but rather to Armitage. Ben couldn’t help but feel betrayed. “Yessir,” Armitage answered quickly, not meeting Han’s gaze, keeping his head down. He looked genuinely ashamed of his actions, something Ben couldn’t think possible before this. Han looked him up and down, checking him for any severe injuries or anything that would make him seem sarcastic or condescending. Apparently finding neither he gave the redhead a short nod and spoke, “I’m sorry about Ben, he has a hell of a temper, don’t worry he’ll get it for this,” “Dad-!” Ben tried to protest and defend himself, but with the glare he received he shut up indefinitely. “Now, I don’t know what this squabble was about, I hope something worth it, but I want none of it! I’m not gonna tell the school or nothin’ just go on home kid, if it happens again I’ll bring my wife down here and the school will be under fire so badly both of you will be in detention for the rest of your school careers.” Ben looked down at his feet, face flushing with his own shame. He didn’t want mom to know that he’d fought another kid, he had promised her no more fights, though he had said that assuming no one would dare to antagonize him again. “Am I clear?” Han bellowed looking back and forth between the two boys. “Yes-” Ben mumbled wringing his hands together. “Yessir.” Armitage spoke again, head still downcast and arms firmly held against his sides. Han looked at Armitage for a few moments longer, finding his behavior more than a bit odd. But this wasn’t his kid, and he hadn’t ever met this kid before, so he let it slide off as the kid’s weird personality. “Good. Come on Ben.” Han gestured over to the beat up 1986 Toyota Cressida, with chipping paint, dents all around, and even scratches littering it’s sides. The old Cressida which had been named the Millennium Falcon, by it’s owner, looked more than unappealing, but those who knew it, knew that it had a lot of reliability and power lying underneath the hood and inside the inner workings. Ben mumbled to himself, just quiet enough that his father couldn’t hear, and made his way towards the falling apart vehicle. He slipped into the passenger's side seat, with the door making a loud creaking squeak open, and another closed, before buckling his seatbelt. Then leaving himself to pout about the lecture that was sure to come. Han slipped into his own seat, his door making much similar noises, only his door wouldn’t close right at first and he had to try slamming it again. Even though Ben knew how good this car could be when necessary, he still felt that maybe getting a new car would be easier than dealing with all the trouble with this one. Han has to fix it up at least once a week. He tried starting it then, the engine making some painful sounding whirrs and sputtering coughs before it stopped. Han sighed and gave it another go, whining and revving started up until the engine finally did roar to life, the exhaust sputtering out a big cloud of smoke just before they pulled out of the parking lot. “So, what was it this time? Look at ya funny? Take your seat? Did he spoil the ending to a movie you haven’t watched yet?” Han began to tease, as the intro into the lecture Ben would have to endure through the whole ride back to the house. He gave a loud huff and turned his gaze out the window, he didn't need this from his father right now. As they pulled out of the parking lot of the school and onto the street, the car ran parallel with the courtyard that Ben and Armitage had fought in before. Armitage was still standing there, right in the middle, head downcast, arms still at his sides. Though now his hands were in tight little fists and his arms shook rapidly. If Ben didn’t know any better he’d say he was crying, but since he did know better he figured the ginger boy was shaking with rage, at Ben most likely for nearly getting them both in trouble. He thought nothing of it. He also thought nothing of the very bad black eye Armitage came to school with the next day, which didn’t match with exactly where he had hit him. He also thought nothing of the slight limp Armitage tried to hide. Because despite all this, he came to school back straight, clothes wrinkle free, hair stiff and proper, and face as stoic as a statue.