Pay The Debt I Owe Poe woke up and didn’t know where he was, but he knew he was surprised to wake up. It took him a moment of staring at a clean white ceiling illuminated by what was plainly sunlight before he finally gave up on remembering. Brain damage, he thought, and pushed himself carefully up on one elbow, grimacing at the doozy of a headache pounding behind his eyes. He might be hung-over. The world tipped and spun a little, and he braced himself against it, sick as the memory of the rhyndo came back. But after a moment, it steadied out, and he blinked in some surprise around at a pleasant little bedroom he was quite sure he’d never seen before. And there, in the corner of it, was BB-8, plugged in to a charging port, one light next to the charge cable blinking softly to indicate the charge was complete. Memory returned then, a little fuzzy around the edges, but Poe remembered it all, all right, and slipped out of the bed— he was in clothing he’d never seen before, a set of the kind of ill-fitting anonymous pajamas you got at the nicer sort of hotel on Inner Rim planets, what the fuck— and over to the astro droid, pressing the button to end the charge cycle and power up. BB-8 spun up instantly and beep-whirred at him in recognition and a little confusion. “Oh,” B said, “Poe, good morning, is it morning?” “It is morning,” Poe said, “I think, I don’t know where we are.” “Util,” B said, “Northern hemisphere, capital city, post-coup.” “Thank you,” Poe said, and couldn’t resist sliding his arms around the droid and hugging em. “You stayed with me,” he said quietly, resting his head against the smooth side of BB’s upper dome, away from the sensors. The surface of the metal was cool but warmed quickly to the touch, familiar and unlike anything else. “You get into too much trouble without me,” BB answered, modulating eir volume for Poe’s proximity. “You were not well last night, you lost consciousness while debriefing with General Organa. She was not very alarmed and said she’d expected as much, but I was worried!” “I’m sorry to have worried you,” Poe said. “I really passed out in front of the general, huh?” “She said you’d done it before,” Beep conceded. “I had,” Poe said. “It’s. Not my finest moment. I assume she was good-humored about it, at least.” “Yes,” BB-8 said, a little cranky. “You need to observe adequate rest protocols! You have sustained brain damage recently! More so than usual!” “This is true,” Poe said, and kissed BB-8 next to the sensor array again. He remembered, now, the various events of yesterday. The thing that clung closest to his memory, though, was Finn, a soft solid presence in the Force, holding him close, keeping him from harm, and murmuring warm promises to him. He loved Finn, there was no point trying to deny that; he loved him, he wanted to be with him, all the time, he needed him. And part of him wanted to twist up miserably, in cynical expectation of that being used against him the way it always was. But that memory was so compelling, Finn’s sturdy sweetness and implacable faith. He couldn’t bring himself to pine. Finn demanded trust, and everything that Poe was wanted to give it to him. “I’m adequately rested for now,” Poe said to BB. “Do you know if I have any clothes anywhere?” “The ship you and Rey stole,” BB-8 said, “Rey told Pava where to find it, and Pava and Wexley went and got it and brought it back here. They said there was a bunch of stuff of yours in it.” Poe sat back and blinked at BB-8, confused by a number of things-- firstly, that ey was using people’s last names now, and secondly, by the entire story. “Rey and I stole a ship?” He had no memory of that, at all, not even a weird phantom sense-impression. “I wasn’t there,” BB-8 said, a little resentfully. “You made me leave, remember?” Poe stared at em for a moment, blank. He remembered that much. But it was at the edge of— it should have been something dramatic, like an abyss or gaping maw, those were the phrases they used to describe things in holodramas. It wasn’t. It was just a kind of fuzzy blankness, neutral-colored, that he couldn’t really look straight at. “I remember that I made you leave,” he said. “But I don’t— know what— happened after that?” “Well,” BB-8 said, “you stole a ship, probably because you found out that bounty hunters were after you, with Rey, and Wexley can’t believe the thing actually flew here because it’s a piece of actual junk, makes the Millennium Falcon look like a high-end racing yacht, and I’m quoting him on that one.” “I gotta see this,” Poe said, and it was enough that he went out barefoot in pajamas, because there was no trace of clothing in the little bedroom he’d woken up in. Poe whistled, long and low. “That really is a piece of shit,” he said, looking at the beat-up little light-duty short-range cargo hauler sitting in the berth, crookedly parked, with some extremely suspect-looking solar charging arrays unrolled across the duracrete. They looked like they’d been cobbled together out of actual garbage. “I told you,” BB-8 said. They went in together, and Poe waited for it to look familiar. It really didn’t. It was cramped and vaguely grimy, though it had been painstakingly cleaned at some recent date, and bore a lot of marks of careful repairs. There was a single berth, and it was covered in pillows, the bedding rumpled like it had been left in a hurry without being made. There was a little galley. Poe found the conservator, and opened it to find nothing but a single, mostly-empty container of frijol and roz. He sniffed at it. It was— he’d made this, surely he had, it was his go-to thing to make when he only had simple cooking facilities. He blinked at it, shut the container, stuck it back in the conservator, poked through the other compartments. Almost all of these supplies were the kind of thing he would stock up on, were he left in sole charge of provisioning for a journey, but he didn’t remember buying any of them. This was how he’d organize them, too, if it were left to him to put them away. There were even the breakfast rations he liked, the kind you could just auto-heat in their little tin. He was hungry, so he ate one, because there didn’t seem to be any reason not to. It didn’t bring back any particular memories. He poked through more of the storage compartments, and was confronted with his own toiletries kit, with his own shaving stuff, his own hair products, his own trimmers, sitting on a pile of his clothes, folded the way he folded them. “This is so weird, B,” he said, but lost no time, picking out a fresh set of clothes from the ones here, because he was not going to wear these anonymous weird hotel pajamas any longer. Bonus: his boots were here, his favorite ones. He’d been wearing his ugly shower sandals yesterday, for the Force alone knew what possible reason, and he’d assumed that meant these beloved boots were lost. But no, here they were, reasonably well-maintained, with a clean pair of socks balled-up inside one of them, as if he’d set them out to put them on and then changed his mind. “Huh,” he said, and went into the tiny ‘fresher, found his own towel in there, cleanish to boot, and noted that the thing was set up to use real water. He poked at the indicator. It was well-provisioned. “Well, shit, B,” he said, and took advantage. He didn’t spend much time, just got all the assorted blood and dirt and filth off himself— especially his filthy feet, he’d walked out here barefoot like an idiot because he just hadn’t wanted to talk to anyone— and the soap, the soap smelled familiar. He stood for a long moment breathing the scent in. It was familiar. Not from anything. It had to be just— he’d used this ‘fresher before, with this soap. He’d stood right here, he’d— He couldn’t focus on it, couldn’t really remember it, and after a moment, he switched the water off and got out, toweling himself off as best he could in the tiny space. He had to step out into the ship to get dressed. It felt really good to be back in his own clothes, but also disconcerting, because he’d lost enough weight that nothing quite fit him right. Even his damn underwear sagged a little. BB-8 had been playing with the ship’s interfaces, and brought up a note onto the heads-up display. Poe squinted at it. Went into town, you were out, I didn’t want to wake you going back to that pub, i think that woman is a friendly i feel a lot better today and i’m okay, i hope you didn’t over-tire yourself i won’t stay in town long, i should be back before midday if i’m not back by nightfall, take the ship to the main city on this planet and look in the folder on my datapad marked Tooka Holos, there are instructions. Don’t rush off to rescue me, there are reinforcements in the main city and they’ll help you. But don’t worry. I’ll be back. He shook his head. “I didn’t write that,” he said. “I don’t know who this is from or to.” “Analysis suggests your writing style,” BB-8 said, “matching your vocabulary and word patterns and also the fact that your datapad has a folder called Tooka Holos that contains a number of holos of tookas being tookas but also some lightly-encrypted mission briefs that you should probably have under better security.” Poe reread the note. “I don’t,” he said, shaking his head slightly. “You did,” BB-8 said. “Furthermore, analysis suggests this totally reads like the kind of note you leave for people you’ve slept with.” “You don’t know that,” Poe scoffed, unnerved. “You’re being a big coward,” BB-8 said. “Go inside and talk to Rey.” “You don’t really think I slept with her,” Poe said. He’d remember that. He’d definitely— she was terrifying, he’d never— “I don’t know,” BB-8 said primly, “you sent me away, so I wouldn’t know.” “Stop it,” Poe said, but he got his boots on and deleted the message off the heads-up display before going back inside. “She’s still unconscious,” Kalonia said, “and so is Finn, to forestall your next question. Both of them are expected to recover fully, don’t worry.” Poe twisted his hands together for a moment. “Can I— sit with Finn, for a bit?” “If you don’t wake him,” Kalonia said. “He’s lightly wounded enough that we can accelerate the healing just with bacta patches, but it’s a big strain on the body to do it that way and he must not be disturbed.” Poe was familiar with the process (similar to, but lighter than, what they’d done for Finn before-- much lighter, if there was no sedation), so he promised to be quiet, and eased himself into the dim room where Finn was in bed. Finn looked perfectly healthy, tinged blue by the light from the monitor, childlike in deep sleep. Poe sat for a few minutes, gazing at the roundness of cheek and lip, the perfect line of his heavy jaw, the sharp-soft edge of his neatly-trimmed hairline. He wanted to kiss Finn’s face, his cheek or forehead, wanted to stroke his soft hair, wanted to touch him, but he’d promised he wouldn’t risk a disturbance. So, after sitting for long enough listening to Finn breathe that his mind unwound a little, Poe stood up and slipped silently out of the room, and stood in the hallway collecting himself, letting the memory of Finn’s regular breathing try to settle in place and overwrite the pain and fear of yesterday. “There you are,” Kes said softly, coming down the hall. “I was looking for you.” “Hey, Dad,” Poe said, and turned and walked with him the direction he’d been heading. Kes slid his arm around Poe’s shoulders and pulled him in as they walked, and Poe leaned into him. Kes kissed the side of his head and kept walking. “Finn’s still asleep, yeah?” “Yeah,” Poe said, “Kalonia said he needed a few more hours.” BB-8 had plugged emself into the data port of the medical center’s main data system. Poe patted eir upper dome near the sensor array as he passed by, and BB-8 chirped something semi-unintelligible, and Poe figured he’d leave em to it. “Come sit with me, then,” Kes said. “I wanna talk.” Poe rolled his eyes. “Fine,” he said. He’d nerved himself all up to deal with Rey, and now he didn’t have anything do with all those nerves. Maybe yelling at his Papa would make him feel better. Kes led him unerringly to a sitting room that was currently unused, and it struck Poe that his father surely had scouted out the entire building. Not just because he’d been a Pathfinder and had kept their much-vaunted tendency of superior environmental awareness at all times, but also because he was the sort of person innately who liked to know where things were. Poe had never really before given much thought to how much of his father’s personality was innate and how much was due to the life he’d led, which had been pretty complicated. Poe knew firsthand now what glory in battle really meant, and also that it was surely that much more gory and immediate for a footsoldier than a pilot. But Poe had done enough on-the-ground work to intimately know the difference. And he had a lot more in common with Kes, now. He thought he’d probably rather chew glass than bring up the interrogation droids, though. The feeling was probably shared, or surely he’d’ve known before last month or whatever that his father had literally written the textbook on resisting those things. It was a nice little room, sunlit and well-furnished, with a tasteful holodeck display in one corner, and soft couches and chairs placed in nice conversational groupings next to little side tables. Poe sprawled comfortably on one of the couches, and Kes settled into a nearby chair. “Looks like you managed to clean up and find some real clothes,” Kes said. “You too,” Poe pointed out. Kes had even shaved; he looked downright presentable. Poe was uncomfortably aware that his beard was on the verge of gaining sentience. But he hadn’t wanted to take the time and hot water to shave it in that little ship. Kes shrugged. “I eventually peeled myself off the floor and found a nice couch to sleep on. I saw they gave you a real bed. You’re a genuine war hero.” “Ha,” Poe said. “I don’t remember. Who put me into those pajamas?” “I helped,” Kes said. “I haven’t seen you passed-out like that since trying to wake you up to do chores when you were about fifteen.” “I’d had a rough day,” Poe said with a shrug. Kes snorted, and the conversation went quiet for a moment. Poe watched the dust motes in the sunlight and thought about how to even begin to ask his father the questions he needed to. “You know,” Kes said, after a long moment, and there was something a little bit awkward about the diffidence in his posture, a little studied perhaps, as if there were a great deal riding on this, “you could, ah.” “Spit it out, Papa,” Poe said, not unkindly. Kes tilted his head and gave Poe an unimpressed look. And it was in that moment, really, for the first time, that Poe suddenly realized that his father and he were really both adults, really on a mostly-equal footing, and there truly no longer was any particular vestige of the authority his father had always sort of casually had over him-- either for Poe to obey or defy. It was immaterial. They were just two men, with a shared history, but no particular obligation to one another, in either direction. It was utterly bizarre, and felt like being unmoored, and Poe sat up to put both of his feet on the floor. “What is it, Papa?” he asked, because while it was freeing, it was also terrifying. They owed one another nothing, and that meant that they had nothing tying them together except sentiment. Kes gave him a narrow-eyed look, not unkind but certainly analytical, and Poe had no idea what he was thinking. “It seems to me,” Kes said, a little gruff and breaking eye contact like he was making himself vulnerable by this admission, “that it’s silly to expect you to do all your reconciling and recuperating in a strange place like this.” He meant Util. “Well,” Poe said. “We were going to be sent back to the base, the General said.” Kes nodded, looking down at his hands. “I thought maybe you’d want to come back to Yavin IV with me for a little bit. All of you.” “Oh,” Poe said, and it made sense, and it also made sense that Kes would be nervous to ask it. And all the homesickness Poe had felt since he’d first left that place, twenty years ago now almost, came crashing back, and Poe had to take a breath in and let it out before he could say, “I’d love that.” Kes looked up, then, shy and pleased and a little disbelieving, and Poe felt warmth expand through his chest cavity at having made his father make that face. No, they weren’t untethered, and they still were obligated to one another, but it was-- it wasn’t the chain Poe had mistakenly been thinking it was, the heavy weight of guilt. It was something he could choose, something they both could choose. “You think the others would like it?” he asked, and Poe braced himself a little bit, inwardly, for Kes to parrot back some of Poe’s own adolescent mean comments about the birdshit-filled jungle backwater. But Kes didn’t. “I think they’d love it,” Poe said, sincerely, when nothing of the sort was forthcoming. Kes smiled. “I already asked Leia,” he said. “She said she wanted to come too.” “Surely she doesn’t have time,” Poe said, laughing. Kes’s smile went a little rueful. “Handing the harbor over to the Fronteras has already made it a First Order target,” he said. “So there’s no real further harm in just-- handing it over to the Resistance. If anything it’ll mitigate the risk, having them there to protect themselves.” “Really,” Poe breathed. It was a long time since he’d considered the politics of the Yavin Harbor Council, but he didn’t have to think about it too hard to know how long they all must have argued about this before Kes even came here. Kes shrugged. “Anyway,” he said. “Organa’s coming, whether the rest of you do too or not.” “Wow,” Poe said. He considered that. “Well, we’ll need a base, won’t we?” He rubbed the back of his neck. “You gave my room away anyway.” “I did not,” Kes said, and he sounded actually offended. Poe looked at him, and he was actually offended. “Who would I have given your room to?” “You have, like, fifty adopted kids now,” Poe said, and he felt like a mean little jerk for even bringing it up, but it was true. Kes’s offendedness went cold, which was never a good sign, and he ran his hand down the front of his shirt, collecting himself in a fashion that suggested Poe was about to lose this argument, which he hadn’t really intended to be an argument at all. “There’s a dormitory,” Kes said, eyes a little averted. He was being nice about this, then. “A couple times I’ve had a kid or two stay in the house, the real hard cases. But they stayed in the guest room, Poe. I never gave your bedroom away.” “Oh,” Poe said, and felt like an asshole. He’d pretty much left for good like fifteen years ago. “Why the hell not?” “In case you visited,” Kes said, a little frostier, and that wasn’t his hard cold argument-winning frost, that was his made-himself-too-vulnerable retrenchment frost. It had a distinctive brittle quality to it that wasn’t at all like Kes’s usual implacable steel. “I wasn’t going to have you go stay in Norasol’s house just because I’d given your room to some spice-addicted moppet I felt sorry for while he was detoxing, or some tragic traumatized orphan who’d fixated on me and just needed to be close for a while. Your bedroom has always only ever been your bedroom.” “Oh,” Poe said again, and it came out small. He felt like a piece of shit. But he hadn’t known. Kes stood up, and Poe glanced up in some trepidation as he realized the man was approaching him. To his astonishment, Kes knelt in front of Poe’s feet. “Baby boy,” he said softly, “it didn’t do you any good because I never told you that.” Poe opened his mouth to argue, but couldn’t think of anything, and Kes took both of his hands and held them. “You don’t get to feel shitty about my fuckup. That immaculate, untouched bedroom is nothing but a monument to my stubbornness. But, if you come back, between mine and Norasol’s there’s enough bedrooms for any configuration of bed-sharing or not you want with all your little friends, and anybody else you want close.” “Papa,” Poe said, scandalized. “I’m telling you,” Kes said, and the grin was back, “you’ve slept with that girl, I know the look.” “I’m sure I haven’t,” Poe said, but his huffiness was a little derailed by a weird little sense memory of her hands in his hair. That had to be another vision, and surely could not have really happened. Kes shook his head slowly, chewing on his lower lip. “I know I’m right,” he said. ______ Bolt had spent basically the entire evening and night waiting for someone to notice he wasn’t really with the Resistance, on-edge in anticipation of the moment they noticed him and stuck him in the brig or something, or doled out the punishment Pava had promised him, at least. He’d shed Arana’s coveralls, depositing them carefully in the room that had become the makeshift personal supplies room, and so he was going around in nondescript civilian clothes. But he wasn’t hiding. He didn’t want to hide. He wanted to be told what to do. He just. Wasn’t exactly eager to remind anyone that he needed to be told what to do, either. He helped out, here and there, whenever he saw something that needed more hands to make lighter work. He unloaded some big freightlifters full of supplies, and was rewarded, at the end, with a piece of fruit he’d never seen before. The others all got one too, and he watched them to see how to eat it. It was juicy and tart and he’d never had anything like it in his life. He was starving, but he was sure that wasn’t the only reason it tasted so good. One of the other unloaders showed him the trick for getting the peel off the segments after you’d broken it up. It was possibly the best thing he’d ever eaten. He eventually found his way into a room that was being used as a dormitory, and was nonchalantly handed a blanket and told to find a corner. So he did. He’d been either on stimulants or coming off them for so long that he’d forgotten how natural sleep worked. He lay in the room full of gentle snores and hushed whispers for a long time, staring at the shadows moving on the ceiling as the cargo loaders worked outside all night, listening to the whoosh and rumble of starcraft coming and going and the occasional bangs and thumps of things getting dropped. There was never any hullabaloo, though, and it all seemed to keep going smoothly. The noise was kind of soothing; he didn’t mind lying awake in it, surrounded by the hum of peaceful, expected activity. He must have slept; he blinked his eyes open and it was full daylight, the light streaming in around ineffectual window coverings. The room was still full of sleeping people, but there were rustles of activity; it seemed like maybe one shift was getting up and another was coming to bed. Bolt folded his blanket neatly and left it in a pile next to the door, and followed along until he found the makeshift cafeteria, where a striking blue xeno with four arms and a dazzling array of facial protuberances served him something in a bowl. He must have stared at her too long, because she curled what might have been a lip and said, “What, you never seen a rabwa before?” “Is that what-- is that you?” Bolt fumbled. He had to save this interaction, she was the person with the food. “Yes,” she said, impatient. “I’m sorry,” he said, sincerely, “you’re just-- you’re so beautiful . I’ve never-- I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to stare!” She made a noise that might have been a laugh. “You get an extra scoop for sweet talkin’, kid,” and she plopped another spoonful of whatever it was into his bowl. “Now quit holdin’ up the line.” “Yes, ma’am, thank you,” he said, and moved along. “They teach ‘em manners nowadays, I guess,” the xeno said to her humanoid coworker, and he shuffled to a table and ate in the corner while nobody paid him any particular mind. He was starving, almost shaking with it-- whatever had happened to him yesterday, his body was alive now and wanted to be fed. He was glad of the extra spoonful. He could have eaten more, but it seemed like pushing his luck to try to get another portion. He had to find someone who was in charge, he decided. No-- Finn. He had to specifically find Finn. If Pava found him, she was going to kick his ass. But Finn knew he’d fought on their side, and would advocate for him. Well, was more likely to advocate for him than anyone else here was, at least. So he had to find Finn. They’d taken Finn to the med bay, he’d heard someone say as much, so Bolt very hesitantly made his way there, watching traffic patterns and trying to blend in so no one would look at him. He made it into a smallish room with a man in it surrounded by data holos, monitoring all of them and looking harried. “Do you need the doctor?” the man asked Bolt, without preamble. “Uh,” Bolt said, thinking of how he’d almost died. “N-- I don’t-- uh.” Shit. That wasn’t a good answer. He should have planned for this. The man frowned at him, then picked up something blaster-shaped and pointed it at him. Bolt flinched violently, not recognizing what it was at first. “Hey now,” the man said. “Calm down, I just gotta scan you.” Bolt had really thought the man was going to summarily shoot him in the face, so the breezy reassurance wasn’t very reassuring. He tried to compose himself, and really tried not to get mad at the guy. The man was frowning intently at the readout. “Stars,” he said, “you’ve had some terrible things happen to you. You’d better have the doc take a peek.” “I’m fine,” Bolt said, really nettled. He’d spent his entire life having his reflexes finely honed into weapons unto themselves, which tended not to pair well with being startled. No one here knew that. It was common knowledge in the First Order that you didn’t make sudden moves around the TIE pilots, but it was clearly not the same with Resistance snubfighter pilots, and nobody here took any care. “I just came to see Eff-- Finn.” He remembered, just in time, not to use the man’s aurenumeric designation. But, not quite in time, really; the man squinted at him, then back down at the readout. “Finn’s still under sedation. Who are you?” the man asked. Bolt really considered just turning around and running away. But he’d come here for a reason, and the man hadn’t actually shot him in the face, and he had to turn himself in sometime, even though his heart rate still hadn’t settled down from his violent fright a moment before. “JN-4002,” he said, shoving his shaking hands behind his back. The man blinked at him, frowned, then keyed something in, and Bolt saw his own medical file come up, with an identity holopic he didn’t remember them taking. He looked awful in it, wide-eyed and drawn, not quite looking at the holocam, like maybe he hadn’t known they were taking it. “Ohhhh,” the man said. He frowned, and looked up sharply. “You shouldn’t be out of bed. You’re not supposed to be here at all!” “I,” Bolt said, twisting his hands together behind his back as the shaking spread to his shoulders. “There were— ext— extenuating circums— stances.” He’d just figured when this happened to him it was the drugs, but his body seemed to be doing it on its own just fine. Great. His mouth was dry and his instincts were screaming at him to get out of here, but he knew if he ran they’d chase him and it would be worse. “I bet,” the man said. A message popped up in the corner of one of his datascreens, and he said, “Okay, kid, go down that hall and go in the door on the left, the doc really wants to take a look at you.” Pava had said there would be punishment for him. He’d assumed, from her tone, that it would be informal, but he didn’t know where she was in the chain of command. Maybe the doctor would administer it. Bolt swallowed hard, squared his shoulders, set his jaw, and nodded his thanks to the man before forcing himself to walk down the hallway. “Bolt,” Dr. Kalonia said, as he came in the door. “Oh, my goodness, I’m so glad you’re all right. When I found out you’d snuck out I really thought zero-grav would kill you.” She got to her feet and came towards him but it was so carefully non-aggressive that he managed to stand his ground and not flinch as the door hissed shut behind him and she closed in. “Almost did,” Bolt admitted. “You— weren’t wrong.” She stared at him in dismay, then raised a hand gently, carefully inserting it between his arm and body and guiding him across the room. She radiated non-threatening, and it was just enough to keep Bolt from panicking. “Please,” she said, “come, sit, let me look at you. What happened? Can you tell me?” He managed a deep breath, and sat obediently, tucking his shaking hands under his legs. “I don’t know if I c-can explain,” he said, but did his best. He hadn’t really expected the doctor would be the one to debrief him, but if she was the first to get ahold of him, it made sense. He’d told her about the way he’d deceived the others on the cruiser and managed to steal Arana’s ship, trying to make it clear that the others hadn’t done anything wrong. She had a strange expression on her face, which he couldn’t parse; he was used to trying to read officers’ expressions but it wasn’t doing him any good. He got as far as blacking out in the X-Wing, and she interrupted him. “I’m more interested in knowing your symptoms than the strategic situation,” she said. “I’m sure the— whoever’s in charge of the snubfighters, I don’t know if that’s Commander Dameron again, he hasn’t cleared his medical eval with me— they’ll need to hear all those details, but I just need to try to understand your condition. You said zero-grav had a bad effect on you, do you know how long you were unconscious?” Bolt shook his head, confused. “No,” he said, “but— well—” He bit his lip. “I am pretty sure I was d-dying, I had fluid in my lungs and stuff, I couldn’t breathe, but then K-Kylo Ren,” it was hard to say the name, “he— did something to me, I don’t know what. At the same time, about, as he did something to— to Poe.” He corrected himself. “C-c-commander Dameron.” You needed to be careful about officers’ designations. “Ah,” the doctor said. “Yes, all right. That makes sense. Otherwise I couldn’t understand how you possibly could be alive and ambulatory.” Bolt gradually calmed down a little bit as she examined him, then, because she moved slowly and told him what she was doing and when she used a scanner on him, she held it in a non-threatening way. She looked at the readout, and put the scanner down and came and gently picked up his hand, which was still shaking. “Do you have a lot of these kinds of tremors?” she asked, as if it would be all right for him to answer in either the affirmative or negative. “N-n-not as m-much now,” he said, struggling to get words out, “without d-drugs, just— just when I’m n-nervous.” She had his hand between both of hers. Her hand was warm, and she rubbed her thumb soothingly across his knuckles. “You’re nervous now? Why is that?” His mouth sealed itself shut, and he shook his head slightly, keeping his gaze down. She just kept rubbing his knuckles, waiting patiently. “You can tell me,” she said quietly. “What you say to me is confidential, if you want. I don’t have to record it. Has someone threatened you?” He frowned in incredulity, and shook his head. Who would even have to threaten him? “N-no,” he managed to say. “I, I just. I don’t. I don’t know what— I d-don’t know what you— what the Resistance— what the p-punishment is for— absence without leave— defying ord- orders— impers— impersonating an off- officer—” He breathed out, breathed in, trying to keep his voice from shaking. “Oh, sweetie,” she said, which was nonsensical. “So I was h-hoping to s-s-see Finn because at l-least he’d kn-kn-know that I— I— I,” Bolt said, and then had to grit his teeth to try to maintain control of himself. He was panicking, he recognized the signs now. It used to happen a lot more when he was on the stimulants. He also hadn’t cared as much, but then, he’d always been in-context, surrounded by other pilots who knew what was up. Here, he was the only one, and he was coming to understand that he was kind of a freak. X-Wing pilots weren’t like this, and this wasn’t the drugs, this was all him. He’d had another half a sentence to say, but he gave it up as a bad job and just pressed his teeth together instead and stared at his ever-more-distant feet, trying to force regular breaths in and out like the older pilots had taught him when he was a cadet. “It’s all right,” Dr. Kalonia said, sort of far away, and she was still holding his hand. “I’m right here with you, Bolt, it’s all right. I think there were some mitigating circumstances. Oh, you’re doing so well. Good, deep breaths. You’re doing the right thing. Just like that, Bolt. Just like that.” Everything went dark and far away for a little while, and he focused on the doctor’s voice and let her talk him down, and she was pretty good at it. They’d all known how to do this for each other, all the FO pilots, but she didn’t know the catchphrases, there were some phrases everybody knew and you could repeat them and it was familiar. She didn’t know them. Of course she didn’t know them. It was still okay. It still counted. He mastered his breathing, eventually, and she was waiting calmly for him. “There you are,” she said. “You’re doing all right now.” “I’m doing all right now,” he said. Maybe that was one of their catchphrases. “That’s good,” she said. “Now. Bolt. Listen. I’m not in the command structure here, really, so I have nothing to do with anyone being punished or disciplined or any of that. If anyone is given any kind of punishment, even if it’s just being confined to quarters, I oversee that to make sure that the person being punished is not medically harmed by it. That’s my role. If anyone wants to punish you, I’ll be here to make sure you’re not taking any undue physical or mental harm from it.” “Okay,” he said, mistrustful but too tired and flattened by fear to express it. “I mean it,” she said. “I won’t let anyone hurt you. If you are afraid of anyone here, for any reason, you come to me, all right?” He looked up at her, managing to school his features into obedient blankness. “Yes ma’am,” he said. ------- It was a lot of logistics, and Kes thought at one point with a sort of grim humor that back in the day when he was a twenty-two-year-old war hero, he’d’ve had no idea how to handle this, but now after thirty years of running a harbor, he was pretty confident about making this work. He let the high-ranking types hammer out the strategy, and worked with the mid-ranking types on coordinating the logistics, and sent out a couple of strategic long-range comms which, of course, Etto had been expecting. Kes had rolled his eyes at all the pre-planning, but he had long ago learned that just because you set out on a suicide mission didn’t mean you shouldn’t take help planning for the return trip just in case. It had saved him more than, well— at least a handful of times. (He should not have survived his twenties.) Since they were traveling on the Fronteras network, Kes knew they’d get to everyone who needed them, whether he knew about it or not. The Harbor Council was probably going to be annoyed with him, but not as much as they were probably going to be preoccupied in collecting on bets from one another. Kes didn’t condone it, but he knew about it. He was really just about the only holdout. “Dameron,” Leia said, and he paused, blinking up from his datapad; he’d been making his way down a hallway, half-thinking of going to check up on Poe after the meeting that had just broken up. “Ma’am,” he said, glancing past her to confirm there were other people in earshot. He cracked a smile. “You’ll have to be more specific, once Commander Dameron’s back from rest leave.” “I know,” she said, favoring him with a brief smile. “But in the meantime, I can economize on words a bit.” “It saved you two syllables ,” he said. “You’re so concerned by this,” she said, now visibly amused. “It’s my position,” he said. “I can’t stand inefficiency, you know? And the worst are the false economies, when you think a shortcut will save you something, but it always winds up costlier, it just does.” She laughed, at that. Kes mentally tallied who was still close enough to overhear them. Statura-- he was a few paces back and not engaged with them at all, but there was no way he wasn’t observing this. It would have to be for Leia to decide whether she wanted rumors to spread, but it would also be a good test, Kes supposed, of how loyal her people were to her, what wound up being said about her if she kept being chummy with him. “Well,” she said, “that was what I’d wanted to talk to you about.” “False economies?” he said. “You know, if I had a Republic-backed credit for every time somebody tricked me into going off on a rant about false economies for their amusement— well, I’d still be broke, but I’ll be diplomatic and not say why.” Statura snorted, clearly caught off-guard by it. Leia turned and glanced at him. “Sorry,” Statura said, “I wasn’t— that was just really funny.” “If you like dad jokes,” Kes said, “I got a whole collection. Don’t think for a second that we get a lot of good stuff off the holonet way out in the Gordian Reach. No, sir, we gotta make our own entertainment.” “At least Yavin can actually connect to the holonet once in a while,” Leia said. “We’ve had to run so dark that we couldn’t even have a reliable connection.” “Mm,” Statura said, lighting up a little, “I hadn’t thought of that.” “Pros and cons to being openly established somewhere,” Leia said, “but one of the pros is, you could probably catch up on whatever horrible holodrama you were addicted to.” Statura shot Kes a sly look. “Bet the food’s good,” he said. “Oh,” Kes said, “fair enough, it is.” He chewed on his lip a moment, considering that. His message should have arrived by now. He hoped someone had the wit to make sure Norasol saw it, before showing her the separate one he’d recorded for her. “Do you still make--” Leia began, but bit it off. Kes glanced over at her, and her expression was conflicted, but he could make out wistfulness. “I usually make my atol with masa but I know I could make you atol de roz,” Kes said quietly. “Norasol got the recipe when we lived on Alderaan, and I know how she makes it for visitors.” Leia looked up at him, and smiled slowly. “It’s all right with masa,” she said. “I haven’t had it either way in— decades, probably.” Statura looked between the two of them, and visibly tamped down curiosity, instead smiling in polite neutrality. That’s a test , Kes thought, but to temper it a bit, said to him, “I was born on Alderaan.” “Ah,” Statura said, interested. “Really!” “So was Poe,” Kes said. “He doesn’t remember it, though.” Leia suddenly turned her head, looking down the hallway intently. Kes was pretty attuned to physical movement in spaces, and he knew nobody had entered up ahead; she was reacting to something inaudible. So Kes wasn’t really surprised when Luke stepped into the hallway. He had been in a small room that Kes’s prior scouting had revealed to be suitable for a bedroom; it made sense the man would have been resting, as he’d been up all night working with the Operations people. Luke looked tired, and bleary, but there was no trace of sleep in his voice when he said, “Rey’s awake.” ________________ Norasol listened to the door opening, listened to whoever it was come in and wander around the house trying to find her. She should call out, help whoever it was find her. Either it was Etto, Kes’s assistant Rodia, the sweet little girl Nessa who came around all the time, or it was an enemy come at last to kill her, and if it was an enemy, then it was about damn time. “If you’ve come to kill me, you’re almost too late,” she shouted, thinking on that. It would be such a pain in her ass if she finally got murdered now that she was too feeble to really do much damage in return. She’d really had her heart set on making them pay for it when they finally came for her, but she had so little power left, physically or spiritually. She’d just have to hope one of her hexes got them on the way back out of the house. “What?” Etto asked, coming to the doorway. “Oh, it’s you,” she said. He was the least interesting of any of the possibilities. She was fond of him, but he didn’t even have the redeeming value of being pretty, like the other two people in this system with door codes to her house. (Rodia was ostentatiously beautiful, not really Norasol’s type-- she was tall, broad-shouldered, well-muscled, handsome and curvy and pretty like a peacock, with big sturdy capable hands and a razor wit. Nessa was lovely, petite and musical-voiced and soft, and if Norasol were thirty years younger and still in possession of her own heart, she’d be in love with Nessa. But it was a long time since Norasol had had anything left of her heart to give. And she was a very old woman, after all.) “What did you say?” Etto asked, frowning deeply. “It really sounded like--” “It doesn’t matter,” Norasol said. “Why have you come to bother me? I am an old woman and I don’t have time left for bullshit.” Etto, unaccountably, laughed. “You never had any time for bullshit,” he said. “Well,” she said. He had her, there. “True. What, then?” Etto held up a datapad. “We got a databurst from the Resistance,” he said. “Is Kes dead?” Norasol asked, steeling herself. She had numerous times in her life been called upon to face the unimaginable scenario of outliving that boy, who she’d guided from his mother’s womb with her own hands and cared for his whole life. This was only the most recent time of many, but for some reason it was harder than usual. (Her sweet little bird, with his wide wondering dark eyes, who had only ever wanted to be gentle, and had spent his whole life dealing in brutality.) Probably because she was so old now, and so thoroughly fed up with that boy’s shit. His and his son’s, who she’d also guided from his mother’s womb with her own hands and sent off to die. It was getting fucking tedious, was what it was. “No,” Etto said, and he sounded happy, that asshole. “Well did he save Poe or not? Is Poe dead?” Norasol demanded. “No,” Etto said. “Poe’s alive. See for yourself, Kes sent a couple of messages.” The first thing he brought up was a text message, which Norasol had to squint to focus on. “Kes didn’t write that,” she said. “No,” Etto said, “of course not. It says, it’s from one of the comms people at the Resistance. It’s just the cover letter. One of these holos, Kes recorded and it’s for the Harbor Council to show everyone in the system.” “Oh,” Norasol said, because she knew what that meant. “It’s his announcement of our alliance with the Resistance,” Etto said. “I watched that one, and passed it along.” Kes had gone into this mission with the pre-approval of the Harbor Council to offer that alliance, so it wasn’t a surprise. “It’s pretty good,” Etto went on, as if that surprised him. “Kes really-- he said some good things.” “Of course he did, I didn’t raise an idiot,” Norasol said. “No matter what I usually say.” “There’s also a message to you, though,” Etto said. He selected it, and it came up on a freeze-frame, of Kes’s face, looking bored and fed-up. “With an attached file.” He opened the attached file, which was a holopic of Poe looking tired and thin and-- no, it wasn’t Poe, it was a young man with entirely the wrong ears, but almost exactly Poe’s face. “ Who is that ,” Norasol said. “I don’t know,” Etto said. “Presumably Kes explains.” “Fine,” Norasol said, impatient, and poked at the playback control. “— is for Norasol Yauta,” Kes said. “So when you save it, just label it with that, they’ll know what to do.” He looked tired, shadows under his eyes, but his expression was animated; he was fired-up over something. “Go ahead,” said a voice off-camera. Kes looked straight into the holocam. “Norasol, I got a good one for you,” he said, and then he switched to Iberican and his speech picked up in rapidity. “I mean, also, I lived, and Poe’s all right, and apparently the rhyndo is a false alarm or something, I’ll have to let him explain it. But he’s fine. So there’s that. But I have a couple of things I need to tell you. Number one, I’m coming back to my house, so I hope you haven’t sold it yet, or if you did at least I hope you got a good price for it. Number two, Poe is coming, and he’s bringing a couple of friends, including one really beautiful boy I think he’s fucking, and a girl who’s either in love with him or crazy, I can’t tell, probably both.” Norasol laughed at that. “It’d be about time he brought somebody home,” she said. “Trust Poe to overachieve on that,” Etto said fondly. “Beyond that,” Kes went on, “I’m bringing half the Resistance, which I’ll explain in the other message, that you probably already saw,” and he gestured, and Norasol said, “he puts too much faith in you,” and Etto said, “Shh,” because Kes had leaned in, and was saying, “and Leia Organa, so I guess you’re allowed to speak of her again in my presence.” “Ha,” Norasol barked, throwing her head back, but she had to refocus quickly, because Kes was still talking. “I don’t want to hear it,” Kes said, looking a little grim. “I still think she’s cursed, Norasol, I just don’t think there’s any escaping it.” “Shows what you know,” Norasol said. Kes had the spiritual aptitude of a bar of soap, and she’d told him so many times. Well, maybe he was a little better-off than that, but he didn’t know what the fuck he was talking about when it came to curses. “You’ll be pleased, though,” Kes went on, looking a little smug, the little shit, “to find out that Leia has discovered the fate of the Missing, and you were wrong the whole time.” “The Missing,” Etto said, leaning in sharply; he wasn’t Oaxctli himself, but he’d lost a cousin or something, he was one of the Fronteras guys who was really invested in the cause. “Turns out the First Order had them this whole time,” Kes said, shrugging elaborately. “Who knew! I attached the ID holo of one of the First Order TIE pilots who defected to the Resistance. His callsign is JN-4002.” His expression went gentler. “I will bet you a whole batch of wah that he is either the son or grandson of Tito’s older brother.” “Show me that holopic,” Norasol said, smacking Etto’s arm. Etto pulled it up again, which made Kes go a little farther off and even tinnier. “You’re looking at the picture, yeah?” he said. “I know I’m right and you know I’m right.” Norasol had never before this moment realized how much Poe resembled his paternal grandfather, in his face and features. This boy was even more strikingly similar in appearance to Molo, who’d been about this age when Kes had been born. Tito’s father had been Molo’s brother. This boy— she’d have to look at his hands and read his eyes to tell, but he was somebody’s son all right, maybe grandson. There was no question he was from that bloodline. “He’s right,” she said resignedly. “I will be home to cash in on that bet in four days,” Kes said. “You’d better get going. Rodia will help, she’s been wanting you to teach her to cook some of those dishes, you know. You’ll want a party, I promise, it’s mostly good news. The parts that aren’t good news is that we’re probably all going to die, so we might as well use up all our nice things anyway.” “He’s right,” Norasol said, rubbing her forehead. “Etto, he’s right, this is terrible.” “I’ll see you soon,” Kes said, and reached out, waving a hand, looking up at someone. The holorecording cut out. “We might not all die,” Etto said, a little forcedly. “Everyone dies,” Norasol said. “Go get Rodia for me, and Nessa. I have to make a shitload of tamal.” ______ The formal holo was a little more polished. It opened on Kes, composed, standing full height, impeccably groomed and dressed in a clean jacket and trousers with heavy boots. “This message is for the Harbor Council, and the people of the Yavin system. This is Kes Dameron, of your Harbor Council, speaking to you from a planet where the Resistance has won a battle against the First Order.” He paused, to let that sink in, raising his eyebrows and lowering his chin. “It was only a skirmish, but it has escalated the conflict, and underscores that the time for neutrality is past. We must act decisively to defend ourselves. I participated in this mission with the understanding that my involvement would signal an end to the neutrality that the Yavin system has heretofore maintained in this conflict. Henceforth, Yavin is aligned with the Resistance, led by General Leia Organa.” He tipped his head back a little, squaring his shoulders, and let out a breath, expression solemn but determined. “Neutrality was our only defense,” he said, “but the destruction of the entire Hosnian system illustrated for us very vividly that neutrality is not safety. There is no safety in staying uninvolved. The time when that could have been considered any kind of shelter is past.” He’d had his hands at his sides, but he brought them up now, lacing his fingers together in front of his chest, looking down at them. “I know everybody knows I was in the Rebellion,” he said. “I know that, people talk about it all the time. But I don’t know how many people know that before that, I was a refugee. My family came from a dying planet and sought political asylum on Alderaan. I grew up with a lot of hard lessons. And the first thing I learned is that nothing is safe and nothing is sacred.” He looked up, first from under his eyebrows in a heavy glance, and then raised his head to continue. “So this message is for all of you, in the Yavin System: I need you to prepare. I need you to understand that we have no choice, and we need to prepare. The first thing you have to do is to decide, in your heart, whether you try to look somewhere else for safety, or whether you stay and fight. If you need to leave, no one will blame you, and I will help. But if you stay, you have more decisions to make.” He let his breath out, nodded, and looked down again. “If you stay, you need to make concrete plans for the worst,” he said. “We will be allying with the Resistance, and they will station a ship at our harbor to protect us, but that does not mean we will be safe. The First Order, as far as we can tell, no longer has a planet-killing weapon, but they don’t need one to annihilate us.” He looked up, straight into the holocorder. “Yavin is small and Yavin is fragile. One star destroyer with normal armament would take less than a day to destroy us. Three shots from a cannon and the space station is unusable, everyone on it dead. Six shots and every settlement on Yavin IV is destroyed. Another five shots and the rest of the settlements in the system are demolished. They don’t have to destroy a planet to destroy us. We are weak and we are defenseless. “So,” he said heavily, after a short pause. “I tell you this not to frighten you, but to convince you: you need to make plans. You need to prepare. Liquidate what assets you can, and store your credits offworld. Prepare to send your children away, if you have anywhere to send them. Decide what you can give up, and what you’d rather die than lose, and make your plans accordingly.” He leaned in, intense. “I have not made this decision lightly,” he said. “But I have lived through this before, and I know what is at stake. The most important thing is that you know, in your heart, who you are and what you can survive, and you prepare to survive it.” There was a pause, and he let out a breath, his aspect softening somewhat. “Fronteras has agreed to set aside any of their inter-clan affairs, and ally unreservedly with us. Their network will be at our disposal for asset dispersal, evacuations, and transport, especially of children, and of livestock. Essin clan’s patriarch Etto, who you know because he has been acting as Harbormaster, has assigned representatives to every district to help in the evacuation plans. Please understand, Fronteras is putting aside many of their own very serious concerns to help us in this, and this assistance is not given lightly. Please be respectful, and understand that now is not the time to exercise old grievances.” He paused again, looking tired but resolute. “I am truly sorry,” he said, “to have had to make this choice. But I came here with the authorization of the Harbor Council, and our collective best interests in mind. The last thing I will urge you to do, in your planning, is to make your plans for after this is over. Tell your children in secret where to meet you, or where you will find them, whether the worst happens or not. Even if all is lost, someday someone will rise from the ashes to continue. Do not despair. Try, where you can, to leave something for the survivors. They will persevere. It may be that most of us survive, and can resume the lives we are leaving now. It may be that we don’t. But life will continue. Make what preparations you can, and in the meantime, we will fight together, and accomplish what we can.” Notes: I know, I know, I have a constant little mental process that's banging pots and pans together shrieking "THREESOME THREESOME THREESOME" so I'm on the same page, here, I just-- I had to do right by the plot. It takes a while to wind down from this degree of over-plottedness, you know? I promise I'll get there! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Home Out In The Wind series Next Work →