In little Arkanis, the Woods were always just a short walk from the Hux Manor, not even separated with an iron fence as they are in more populated regions. He knew those dense forests well, winding his thin body between branches, ignoring how they caught against his cheeks and against his long, red hair. He could not remember his mother, but he could remember her book of fairy tales well. They spoke of grieving little girls gone out for walks through the Woods, getting snatched up by fairies. He is a boy—but with his long hair and slender stature, perhaps the fairies wouldn't mind so much? Not when he grieves for something he can't quite remember. Not when her grave has already been lost, somewhere within the Woods. “There you are,” a relieved voice calls. He turns his head, stubborn frown growing upon his lips. “It's okay Alis,” he says stubbornly, nails digging into the palms of his hands. “I've just been out for a walk.” She shakes her head, ringlets of brown hair bouncing against her sooty face. “It's dangerous in the Woods... You shouldn't be out here.” Her palm is cold and sweaty, even through the cloth of his shirt. “Armitage, you know you're not allowed to leave the property.” He gives a soft sigh, throwing one last glance over his shoulder at the Woods. … But little Arkanis is not their home for long. The Republic had won the long and dreadful war, absorbing the Empire's Arkanis into the outreaches of her new country. “We're moving,” the Lady of the house announces. “About time too... It'd be a shame to lose any business.” Armitage doesn't say a word, leaning close to the ground, stoking the flames within the fireplace. Behind the Lady, Alis is busy, carefully combing golden locks. “Ouch,” the Lady says, snatching Alis's wrist. “Careful,” she says, voice so very sharp. “You do want to work with our household, don't you, dear?” Alis stills, brown eyes widening with fright. “Sorry, my Lady,” she says, keeping her voice low and meek. “Hmm? What was that?” the Lady says, nails digging into already scarred flesh. “Sorry!” Alis squeaks. “I am so very sorry. I will endeavor to be more careful.” The Lady drops her hand. “Good.” She tilts her head, catching Armitage's gaze. “And you--” she says, voice growing nasal, “--haven't you been dallying long enough?” “Sorry, my Lady,” Armitage mumbles, ducking his head in his hurry. Once they are finished with the normal tasks for the Lady—Armitage cleaning here and there and Alis helping the Lady to dress in one of her fine gowns—they move on to the tasks of the day. It is difficult, packing the Lady's traveling bags. They are absolutely stuffed with fine gowns and jewelry. She keeps an eye on them, fanning herself with some pink silk fan, lips pursed, giving her a cross expression. As if they'd steal from the Lady... Who would be so foolish? “Armitage,” Alis says, voice hushed and head lowered. “Come along... let us pack the carriage.” Most things within the house would be left behind. Who would need old furniture when the Capital awaited? “Yes, Alis,” Armitage says, obediently following in her footsteps. Alis takes one end of the Lady's traveling bag and Armitage takes the other. The boy—thin and sickly looking, pale as a slip of paper—does not quite carry a fair share of the luggage. The two struggle down the steps. “Move aside.” The horseman takes one end of the luggage from Armitage. “Weak,” Lord Hux says, rolling his eyes. “How useless.” “Sorry sir,” the boy says, ducking his head. Lord Brendol Hux had been a merchant by trade, coming into a large sum of money with each deal. He'd made his way into society within the Empire. He would surely make his way into society within the Republic. The only true problem would arise later, with his lack of a suitable heir. No daughters or sons from his wife. … The ride to the capital is a long one. Armitage falls asleep, leaning upon Alis. He must drool too, awakening to find her shoulder damp. The woman only plays with his long hair, giving him a small smile. “Go back to sleep,” she instructs. And so he does. … Things continue as normal for five years. Armitage is twelve years old when the Lady of the house's belly begins to show. The servants gossiped amongst one another. The doctors and philosophers hadn't quite been able to aid with the Lady's problem in conceiving. Just one visit from the local witch—a greying man who called himself a Sith— and several cups of tea had been all that it had took to get her to conceive. A glorious day for the Hux household. Armitage fists his hands, nails digging into his skin. Alis forces his hand to open. Her smile is small, not meeting her eyes. “This... will be a good thing,” she promises. “You'll see.” … Twin boys are born, neither inheriting the red of Lord Hux's hair. But the Lady of the house does not make it. Brendol Hux does not leave his quarters for days. … How can they go on? Armitage scrubs the kitchen floors, knees and elbows aching. His red hair is tied up and away from his slowly reddening face. The Lord of the house had fired a third of the servants, the very same servants who dared to suggest he remarry, if only for the sake of his twin boys. Old maids and chefs and horsemen that Armitage had grown accustomed to have had to take their leave of the house. But their tasks remain, falling on the shoulders of those servants who are allowed to stay. He is twelve years old— at least he thinks he still is— and taking the tasks of a few. It's hard work... But the hard work spares Alis, whose knees are achy and nearly constantly bruised, and Elise, who is growing very old, and Gertrude, whose always been a bit forgetful and a bit overworked, and Armitage thinks he can bear it. … It takes a period of fours years of grieving for Brendol Hux before he returns to society properly. Alis takes care of his heirs—Alastair and Barnaby—just as she had taken care of baby Armitage. Lord Hux goes off on a trading run, seeking white fur pelts from the North, within or even beyond the treacherous Woods. “And what shall I bring as gifts for you?” Brendol Hux asks, taking a knee and speaking with his tottering children. Barnaby chews on his own hair, brown locks long enough to curl cutely—though it is hard for them to do so when so damp. Alastair's green eyes shine spectacularly. “Papa,” he calls, voice high and bubbly, stepping forth away from his minder. “A toy!” he demands. “Bring back a toy, something... soft.” “Very well,” Lord Hux says, though he does not look particularly pleased at the thought. And then he and his caravan of horses and carriages are off. … It is not the most successful venture the Lord had begun, but the household manages. Armitage frowns to himself, taking on more responsibility. Slowly, the amounts of servants the Hux family has dwindles. Even he notices. The coffers aren't as lined as Lord Hux would like for them to believe. … He is maybe sixteen when he first sees a tutor. The man who arrives at the Hux House is old and thin, face so very sharp, high cheekbones so very prominent. But his eyes shine with a sort of intelligence. His heart pounds when he first sees the visiting gentleman. Armitage is dressed in the best of his uniforms—something of dark, rough fabric still too loose on his form—but his shoes are falling apart on his feet. The stitching has worn off on the left and each step makes an awkward sound, as the bottom of the shoe falls away. “Hello, sir,” he says, standing properly straight and serious faced. The man raises a brow. “Hello,” he says. “My name is Wilhuff Tarkin. Who might you be?” Armitage's mouth goes dry at that. He schools his face, hoping that he does not give a bad appearance, even with the soot that's smudged about his face and his arms. “Hello Mr Tarkin,” he says, cowed. “I'm... my name is--” “Just a servant,” Alastair's voice rings out, clear as bells. “Ignore Ari, Professor Tarkin. He doesn't know anything.” At the child's side is the shyer Barnaby and Lord Hux himself. He steps forwards, ignoring Armitage's presence and shakes hands with the professor. “It's good to have you, Wilhuff,” Lord Hux says, genuine warmth coating his words. “I thought I'd have two students, not three,” Tarkin remarks, raising a brow. “You do have two students,” Lord Hux says, pushing forth his twin boys. “Armitage,” he says sternly, “go back to work. You'll not pay your mother's debts by being idle.” “Yes sir,” Armitage says, bowing his head and scuttling off. … He sees different tutors over the years, Tarkin returning nearly once a week for lengthy sessions on Imperial history, along with their newer, more adopted, Alderaan history. Alastair's become something of a scholar now, even at his young age, dragging smaller, more colorful books with him wherever he goes. “Ari,” he says from where he lies on a couch, finger pointed at some word. “Do you know what this says?” He looks close, eyes drawn more towards the colorful pictures—a knight in dark armor upon an equally dark horse. Majestic and beautiful... Armitage's fingers itch to trace the surface of the image. “No, young master,” Armitage says, hating how inferior he is to someone so much younger. Alastair snorts, already knowing. It'd be nice, knowing how to read, Armitage finds himself thinking. The books that weigh heavily upon the library's shelves are large, thick with knowledge of sorts. His mother's collection of fairy tales—stories that she'd written herself—must lie somewhere in that room... But he'd never find it. … Armitage thinks he is perhaps twenty-four when a trading venture does not go as planned. It is not just simply an unsuccessful trading venture. It is a dreadful one. Brendol Hux returns to his estate burdened by debts. The tutors don't return. Talk is done, behind closed doors, of more servants being fired... … The talk seems to come with action, far too soon for Armitage's liking. Alis leaves soon enough, a sad smile on her face as she touches Armitage's shoulder. He struggles not to shrug it off, shuddering. “Remember,” she instructs. “Lord Hux has taken care of you all these years and your mother before you... Remember to take care of him too.” Perhaps his face does not show proper enthusiasm for that statement because Alis laughs, the lines around her eyes crinkling softly, the rest of her looking so unsure.. “If not for Lord Hux then... be selfish. The fairies help those who have spent their lives helping others,” she says, speaking of old Arkanis fairy tales, tales that his mother had supposedly adored. “Alis,” he says, not unkindly. “I think I am too old for fairy tales... I am... merely working to pay off the debts.” The life debts, as he'd heard Professor Tarkin describe them once. A man too—tall and gangly, and still so very thin. What fairy would lend him aid? Especially in financial matters? Him. The bastard son of a dead kitchen woman. “I miss when you were little and could not be kept from the Woods,” she says, sadness and fondness too clear in her voice. “You really believed in fairies.” “Alis, please,” he says, stiff-lipped, not really able to meet her eyes. “I was a child.” “And... so very innocent,” she says, nodding. Satisfied. “I think your mother would be proud of you—even if she saw how stoic and serious you've become. Take... care of yourself. Let yourself have fun sometimes... It's not always about hard work.” … Alis was not exactly right with her parting words. The Woods were long and deep, stretching about the continent. The Woods was just outside the iron fence that surrounds Lord Hux's land, so very close to Capital City. Armitage wipes his flour-dusted hands on his apron, untying it and hanging it in its proper place. Alastair and Barnaby, now sixteen and just about at the age for their debuts into society, could bring the Hux family out of their debt, if they only married well. Lord Hux had taken them out into town, quite possibly buying them another set of winter cloaks or some other gaudy garment. It'd be important for them to dress the part, if they were to marry into better, wealthier families. Alastair had inherited limp and straight hair from his father along with his mother's golden coloring while Barnaby had been unlucky to inherit plain brown hair, though pleasantly curled. The breeze is refreshing, even if the rough, outreaching branches are not. Armitage winds himself through the trees, coming to a river bank. He pulls off his thin and tattered cloak and places it on the ground, lying upon it. He'd packed a meal too to go along with the pleasant atmosphere. He shudders—the ground so very cold. He'd get used to it soon. The Woods were worth braving the chill. He unwraps his meal: a slice of bread, leftover from yesterday's loafs, a small hunk of cheese, and a bit of meat. His stomach grumbles in anticipation of the meal. Before he can even take a bite from the cold meat, he hears an inquisitive meow. “Oh,” Armitage says, meeting the green eyes of the stray he'd come to know. “It's you.” The cat approaches, sitting down with an air of dignity, tucking her tail over her little paws, and meows again. He tosses his chunk of meat to her. The greedy little cat tucks into her meal, and so does Armitage, staring out as sunlight strikes the oranges and yellows of Autumn's leaves. … It's at night, when Armitage brushes Barnaby's hair that the boy begins to speak, cheeks bright and warm, glowing with some sort of happiness. “--you should have seen it, Tidge,” he says, clasping his hands together. “We drove by the Royal Palace... It's gorgeous.” Barnaby's voice is small, filled with wonder. Armitage has never seen the Royal Palace—he'd never truly been anywhere other than the Market and the Woods. He hums, a wordless nothing to keep Barnaby placated. “They say the Prince will be looking for a spouse,” Barnaby chatters. “In two years' time,” he says, nodding to himself. “He'll be twenty-four then...” And Barnaby would be eighteen, the proper age for one to marry. Armitage untangles ribbons from his hair, placing them to the side. He hesitates. “You aren't thinking that you'll marry the Prince, are you?” “Just because you'll never marry doesn't mean we won't,” Barnaby admonishes, shifting under Armitage's hands. “Hux is a noble name, even if our family hasn't been in the best of positions lately...” An understatement, if Armitage had ever heard one. “We'll surely be sent an invitation to the Prince's Ball,” Barnaby says. But he doesn't sound so sure. Armitage brushes out his hair one last time, carefully. “Good night, sir,” Armitage says, excusing himself from the room. Barnaby doesn't say a word, just sits there, on the edge of the bed, staring out of his window and towards the night sky. Chapter 2 Notes: again, a huge shout out to my beta, chalkroses.tumblr.com !! This time, Ben's PoV. It's hardly dawn when he wakes, rolling himself out of his bed and stretching. Ben knows he must be quick—quick enough to beat any of the servants that tend to his needs. He hates it, hates being cleaned and stressed by strangers being paid, told what he's to do for every hour of the day. Only the Captain of the guards understands, turning a blind eye at his repeated 'borrowing' of her horse. But in all fairness, Saber is an adventurous horse, unafraid of even the Woods. And Ben could never know how deep into the Woods he'd go, sometimes surrounded entirely by trees and darkness and the sounds of forest animals, all blending in perfect harmony. It's nothing abnormal for him, slipping out of the castle, a heavy fur cloak upon his back. Saber is ready for the trip, nickering softly within the stables. He frees her quickly, patting her neck reassuringly. “Ready for a ride?” he asks. She neighs, answering. “Alright,” Ben says, clambering on top of the horse and kicking her sides. She sets off, already heading towards the first few trees leading to their normal path within the Woods, overlong branches whipping at their cheeks, at their sides. * He loves the feel of wind rushing through his long, tangled hair. Loves the way leaves crunch underneath Saber's footfalls. He might push her hard at times but she loves it too, letting out a nicker and a neigh as they ride. Ben smooths a hand down her flanks, patting her, as they continue. His bow and quiver of arrows lie heavy against his back. He is no fool. Ben knows just what the people think of the always angry Prince Organa. How the common folk grumble and groan, longing for Duke Skywalker's daughter to return, to be found again, and-- and-- if only she could be the heir to the throne... He pushes Saber harder, a stray branch scratching his cheek. The Woods extend throughout the continent, thicker near the edges and near the Capital. It's there that wild animals run about amongst the faeries—large deer, plentiful rabbits, others still. While the Jedi claimed the area to be too dangerous, Ben has never found much trouble. He hears a rustle, ducks underneath a branch. There, a deer stands, antlers long and slender and surely worth a small fortune. The deer's pelt hints at its youth, though its size just so happened to be abnormally large, much larger than anything Ben had seen. It's not time for the annual Hunt. But if he could just... hit it. The deer stands before a river. It turns away from Ben, looking at something else. Ben reaches behind himself, slipping an arrow from its quiver and bringing it to his bow. His archery skills were lacking. But this couldn't be pure luck. This was a sign . He pulls back, focused on the deer's thick brown fur. A shot just above the heart would be a killing shot, a shot to prevent excess agony for the creature. Its ears ruffle oddly. Does it know? Does it know it will die? Ben holds his breath, eyes widening. “Leave!” someone yells, running alongside the riverbank, waving his arms madly. “Go on! Leave!” The deer startles, returning to the trees. “What the hell?” Ben mutters, putting away the bow and arrow, heart hammering in his chest. The man approaches the river, staring across it, where Ben hides between the trees. He's angry, his youthful face pulls into a nearly venomous sneer. He wears all black, as if he is a mourner, a thin cloak wrapped about his shoulders, hood covering the top of his head. One hand clenches the black fabric of the cloak, fingers white. “Who the hell do you think you are?” the newcomer scolds. “No hunting is permitted now. Deers can only be slaughtered during the Great Hunt.” Ben rolls his eyes. “Fancy yourself the protector of innocent creatures then?” he calls. “I could ask you the same. Who are you?” He looks the man up and down again, now noticing the grey dust smeared about the man's face. Dust? Ash? “I thought peasants were not allowed in the Woods when no Festivals are occurring.” “I've done no harm,” the man says. “You, however, nearly killed one of Queen Organa's protected deer.” Ben rolls his eyes again. His own mother wouldn't punish him for one of her pointless laws. The man groans, throwing his hands up in the air, annoyance nearly tangible. “You hunters are all the same.” Oh. The man doesn't know who he is. The man—who must have grown up underneath a rock or something!--could not recognize his own country's prince! “Really?” Ben says, flashing a toothy smile, heart beating quickly at the thrill of it all. “Have you run into many hunters in these parts of the Woods before?” The man scoffs and turns away, walking back in the direction he came, wordlessly, soundlessly. * Sneaking out of the castle is somewhat easier than returning undetected. Ben hurries, pulling Saber at his side, hood up. “And where do you think you're going?” Han pulls the hood off of Ben's head and spins the boy around, scowling. “Hey dad,” Ben manages. “Hey yourself,” Han says. He smacks Ben's shoulder. “What were you thinking? Running off again? You missed your lessons. Worse, you made everyone worry.” Han spins on his heels, walking towards the castle. He doesn't even wait to see that Ben is following—of course the wayward prince follows. No need to hear repeats of his parents' disciplinary speeches, or, worse, his uncle's. “I'm old enough,” Ben scoffs, running a hand through his long hair, tugging at the roots. “Old enough to be kidnapped like your cousin and leave the kingdom without any sort of line of succession?” Han shakes his head. “You can't be reckless like that.” Ben scowls behind his old man. As if Han really cares, some part of him thinks. Han Solo, greatest rogue in the nation and Consort to the Queen, is afraid of his only son. * Phasma tosses him his saber. “Once more,” she says, almost teasingly. She hasn't even broken a sweat. He snatches it out of the air. A bead of sweat trickles past his temple. “We've been at it for a while,” Ben complains. An hour, maybe more. A solid lesson in sword fighting that had followed several other lessons of varying topics. Swords, politics, manners—it all grows tedious when packed so tightly together. “Don't tell me you're growing tired, Prince Ben.” He scowls at that. Phasma relents. “Fine,” she says. “Our lesson is over.” Ben drops the sword and stalks off, huffing. “You're going to the Woods then?” Phasma calls after him. “Careful where you thread, lest you step foot in a faerie circle.” “Sounds tempting right about now,” Ben snaps, sending a nasty glare her way. It doesn't work. It never has. Phasma is one of equal standing in height and strength if not title. If she was ever truly threatened by him, she would deal with it like she deals with everyone: by trouncing them in a duel. * He finds himself riding in the direction of that river from the other day, the sun shining idly through the trees. It's not enough to warm him, but thankfully he has his cloak. The branches part to reveal the clearing. Ben freezes atop his horse. Someone lies so very still beside the river. He slips off of Saber's side, leading her to the water and leaving her there. “Hey,” Ben says, reaching out, fingers brushing rough black fabric. With a jolt, he realizes just who he's seeing. That same antagonizing commoner, thin cloak wrapped about their thin frame. He lies, one fist resting beside his head, mouth just slightly opened. He breathes, quietly and smoothly. His skin is chilly to the touch. And yet he does not stir. Ben sighs. Slowly, he removes his fur cloak and places it atop of the sleeping man. “Let's go,” he says, turning to Saber. Most people did not dare to enter the Woods, not without the guidance of Alderaan's hunters and huntresses and the blessing of their ruler, not with folklore of faeries and other creatures so abundant. Whoever the man was, he didn't seem to care for all that. Interesting, but infuriating. A chance to talk to someone without them behaving differently because of his blood. He rolls his eyes. “Wait.” Ben freezes in place, one foot in its stirrup. He turns his eyes, eyes wide with guilt. The sleeping man is awake now, the hood of his original cloak falling back from his head. His hair is long and copper, spilling over his shoulders. He sits upright, Ben's fur cloak falling into his lap. The man narrows his eyes, looks down at the cloak in his lap. “You gave this to me? Why?” The way he says it makes it sound accusatory, as if Ben had wanted something bad to happen. “You looked cold,” Ben says. The man is not impressed with that answer, rolling his eyes at his prince. “And you? Now you're cold.” Ben snorts. “Keep my cloak. It'll keep you warm.” “Fine.” The man takes the fur cloak and wraps it around his shoulders. He stands, picking up his own tattered one and shakes it. Slowly, he approaches Ben, a scowl upon his face. “Here,” he says, placing the black cloak about Ben's shoulders. “Then you'll keep mine.” Ben's mouth goes dry with shock, words lost on him. * And of course he gets a lecture when he returns. How he cannot lose his cloak so easily. How so many people worked day after day to have enough to even afford such a luxurious thing, make of fine furs imported from a different kingdom. How he is so arrogant, so disrespectful to roll his eyes at his father, a former trader and smuggler who just so happened to marry into royalty. How he'd never understand such a struggle. He picks up a chair and throws it against a wall, it falling apart upon impact. He shakes with anger, with annoyance—wanting to destroy more. He doesn't have his sword, but he thinks about going to find it, going to train himself to exhaustion, going to-- “Ben,” Leia says, coming to her feet. She is tight-lipped and angry. But she also must be afraid, something inside of Ben thinks. How sad, for his own mother to be afraid of him. “Go to your room,” she says, absolutely furious with him. “Master Skywalker and Master Kenobi will not be pleased to hear of this. You will not have your advanced swordsmanship lessons until you learn some maturity. You are the Prince, aren't you? Act like one.” Ben turns upon his heel, snarling at her. “When will you act like a Queen?” he snaps. Leia is unmovable, unshakeable, unsurprised by his reaction. “You are the Prince of Alderaan. You will behave like the future ruler our kingdom deserves. You will learn control.” He leaves. * A week of days filled with meditations and lessons and agonizing boredom. His Uncle looks at him strangely. “I too have struggled in my youth,” the old Jedi says. “And now as well...” Ben doesn't say anything. He scowls, shuts his eyes. Breathes in, breathes out. Doesn't feel calm, like his Uncle thinks he should. * He wakes up early, filing out of the castle, the stranger's rough black cloak wrapped about his form. The hood conceals his head well enough. It's like Saber already knows what he's here for, nudging him until he can open the stable door. In no time, they're flying, rushing through the Woods. Ben ducks underneath the odd branch, leaning close to the horse. He can't help the string of laughter that escapes. Freedom! What a wonderful feeling. And once again, he finds himself at the same river. Ben slides off of Saber and leads her to the water. She snorts once, as if annoyed by the gesture, and drinks. I can do this on my own, thank you very much , her eyes seem to say. "So, you've come back?" a man calls, sitting at the riverside. In his lap, an orange cat sits, looking smug. His hood is pulled back, revealing long orange hair pulled into a low ponytail. "Are you here to scold me more?" Ben asks, patting Saber's flanks again. "I don't see any weaponry, so I suppose not." The man raises a brow, appraising Ben from head to toe. "Unless you become a true savage and attempt to rip out an animal's throat with your teeth." Ben can't help the snort of laughter. "And where did you come up with that?" The man shrugs. "I can just tell you're a brute, ready to dissolve into a tantrum at any moment." "Have you experience with brutes then?" Ben asks. "Enough," the man says. "What's your name, huntsman?" It would not do good to tell the peasant his real name. Ben panics in the moment, heart pumping much too loudly. "Kylo Ren," he answers. "An odd name," the man says, stroking the cat's fur. It curls up in his lap, comfortable, purring rather loudly. "Well, what's yours?" The looks from Ben to the horse, face rather impassive. "Hux," he answers. "Hux," Ben repeats. "And you're the one calling my name weird? How do you spell that?" Hux gives him a strange look, as if the spelling should be obvious. Hucks? Huks? Hux? Hucts? More possibilities exist… "Well, what brings you to this river Hux?" Ben asks. The man shrugs simply. "It's usually peaceful," he says. "When you aren't here." "That isn't fair to me. I'm hardly ever here," Ben protests. That gets an odd bit of laughter from Hux's throat. He turns his head away as he does it, as if meaning to hide his laughter. "Well, when you are here, it certainly feels a lot less peaceful." "If you're seeking peace," Ben says, "then you should try meditation. It's a popular method so close to Capital." Hux hums. "Yes, well, I'd rather not. I'll leave that to the witches." "The witches?" Ben repeats incredulously. Hux waves a hand. "Sith. Jedi. Whatever you call them here." It should make him angry -- angry with the disrespect shown towards his family, his uncle. But it doesn't. Hux talks to him plainly, unafraid. The peasant would quake in his boots if only he knew who he was talking to. A secret like that would bring no harm to either of them. Far off, somewhere beyond the Woods, two horses trot, their master urging them along. Hux stand, urging the cat out of his lap. It does not really obey as he pushes it off, meowing its protests. "It was surprisingly pleasant to speak with you, Ren," Hux says, "but I am afraid I'm needed elsewhere." "Huh?" he barely manages before Hux takes off, dashing his way through trees and other plant-life. Saber nudges her face against Ben's back, as if encouraging him to catch up to Hux. He sighs, turning to face her, resting his face against her own. "And then what?" Ben says. "Ask for his permission to escort him where he is needed?" Ben snorts. As if his newfound acquaintance would allow him to do a kindness like that. Chapter 3 Notes: Small warning, in the very last section [...At noon, Lord Gyyll appears...] there is a very brief mention of the corpse of an animal. Once again, huge shoutout to my beta-reader chalkroses.tumblr.com I made a moodboard for this fic a little while ago, but I never added the link, so here it is: http://gaygalaxyguy.tumblr.com/post/154956550235/if-the-slipper-fits-a-kylux-cinderella-au Armitage returns to the Hux House just in time, hiding himself in the kitchen. Freshly baked loaves of bread have been left to cool beside an opened window. He moves the rack of the over, placing them on a bare table. He reheats the soup he's already cooked, stirring hurriedly, and adding in another dash of spice. He turns, pumping water from the sink and pouring it into a kettle, preparing for tea. Fresh milk is stored in the conserver, blue and fatty—his mouth waters just looking at the jug, so he tears his eyes away. The front door opens, bringing in cool air and idle chatter. Armitage brushes his hands against his apron before clasping them behind his back, straightening his posture. “Welcome back, sirs,” he says, stepping into the kitchen doorway. “Lunch will be ready in just a moment--” “Armitage,” Lord Hux scolds, his two sons practically plastered at his side, carrying packages, cheeks flushed with excitement. “I've told you, the meal should be ready when we are here.” “Sorry sir,” Armitage says, bowing his head. Lord Hux clicks his tongue and sighs. “Go carry the purchases up to the boys' rooms. Alastair, Barnaby, follow him.” He takes a stern tone, as if thinking that Armitage would dare to steal some clothing from the Hux family. Armitage holds back a snort, just barely. As if he would fit into the clothing. Everything, everything seemed to be too short and too large on his beanpole of a frame. He accepts the bags from both of the boys, grunting softly under the weight. It's heavier than Armitage had expected. It cannot simply be fine cloaks, but perhaps more winter clothing? Perhaps proper shoes? “It's so exciting,” Barnaby says, practically buzzing in his boots. His soft curls bounce about his head, eyes shining happily. “Alastair has found a suitor! Go on, tell him Alastair!” The blond boy shakes his head, a soft expression crossing his head. “What does a servant need to know about my love life?” “I do help pick your outfits, sir,” Armitage says. “It would be helpful to know who you are trying to impress.” Going up the stairs with the purchases is a more difficult task. He struggles not to cough, lungs aching just slightly. A bead of sweat drips from his forehead. Alastair snorts, tilting his head up in some snobbish gesture. “Well, if you must know,” he says, just as Armitage reaches the top floor. “He is a nobleman, one Lord Tethys Gyyll. He is advanced in age, but I don't mind becoming a widower. No shame in that.” Alastair's lips curdle into a smug little smile. “So, something classy,” Barnaby says. “But not too uptight!” Alastair laughs, so easily amused. “Look at him, brother. What would Ari know about something being not uptight?” Barnaby laughs too, a tittering little string of giggles. “Lord Gyyll has invited the house to the Royal Hunt,” Alastair announces. “Ah,” Armitage says, soft, pieces clicking together easily. He is the first one to enter Alastair's room, placing the bags on the ground. “New clothing for the courting then?” “Not all of it is mine,” Alastair snorts. Barnaby bends low, picking up two bags, evidently filled with his purchases. “You'll go with us too,” Barnaby says, smiling. “You'll work with Lord Gyyll's servants during the Hunt.” Armitage nods. “Yes sir,” he says. “When are we to go? We are to stay with Lord Gyyll, yes?” The Hunt was only a mere two weeks away, located at some campground within the Woods. It's almost exciting. “Yes, he has a winter house within a clearing of the Woods,” Barnaby says, clapping his hands, acting out his excitement. “I've heard it's made of iron, to keep the fairies away.” He whispers this, face flushed and oddly interested in that. Alastair reaches out, pushing Barnaby's head away. He laughs, harshly, much too loud. “Oh, silly little Barnaby,” he says, pinching his brother's cheeks. “No house is made of iron, not even houses in the Woods. Their fence is just much, much taller.” “Aw,” Barnaby says. Armitage has already begun the process of unpacking, tucking clothing in their proper places, hanging particularly delicate pieces up on hangers. The Woods, the Woods are calling. * Armitage yawns, stretching across his mattress, blanket falling from his form. Sometime, during the night, the fireplace had gone out. He blinks sleepily, mouth dry. It's cold in the servant's quarters... far too cold. He stands, not bothering to fold the blanket, going to the bowl of water he had brought to the room before he had gone to sleep. Armitage reaches out, scooping some water with his hands, and drinks. Wetting his hands again, he washes-- his face, under his arms, anywhere he could have sweat during the night. Then he undresses, tossing his bedclothing to the mattress. He opens his closet, picking out another uniform. This one had not been properly adjusted -- the shoulders much too big. Another day, another day of work. * It's a waiting game. Just when he would be told to pack his meagre belongings for the Hunt... Just when he would be told to pack both Lord Hux's belongings and the belongings of his sons... Armitage does not have much to pack, so it'll be easy when it's his turn. Any old uniform would do, each being identical, worn out in the same spots as the other. But he dreads packing for Alastair, who has much riding on this experience. He'd never heard of that particular Lord, but Armitage is well aware of how few people he knows. But he is excited—ill-advisedly excited, for so much could possibly go wrong! (Why would Alastair's suitor even allow a mere servant to tag along to such an important event? He doesn't care, can't seem to care. He'll do anything to carve a place for himself at the yearly Hunt.) He goes to sleep that night, curled in front of the fireplace. * "Pack enough for the weekend," Lord Hux instructs. "The finest riding clothes for Alastair and Barnaby. I've already picked what I'll wear. Bring the best of your uniforms." "Yes sir," Armitage says, barely suppressing his excitement at seeing the spectacle of the weekend. Brendol Hux looks at him oddly, rolls his eyes. No doubt he finds his improperly behaving servant to be a nuisance, but, to Armitage's delight, he does not receive a scolding. * Lord Hux doesn't need to send for a carriage. Instead, that Lord Gyyll has sent them two carriages. They're large, elaborate things, coming with their own horsemen. The horses are calm and steady, even when Armitage approaches, arms laden with his things for the weekend. “Here,” the second horseman says, grabbing the handles to Armitage's bag. “Let me.” He's a curious looking man, smaller and mousy, black hair and dark eyes. He smiles when Armitage looks at him, eyes sliding shut. “About time,” Alastair grumbles as he gets into his carriage, following his father shortly. The first horseman helps him in, wordlessly, a patient smile upon his lips. Barnaby follows too, helping himself in. Armitage lets himself into the second carriage, the carriage mostly reserved for luggage, and places his lonely little bag onto the lap. The horseman nods at him before closing the door. The sounds of the horses crushing the snow underfoot and the trickle of a nearby river are soothing sounds. Sounds that can easily put a tuckered out servant to sleep. * Lord Gyyll's cabin is nestled in-between several. The cabins are surprisingly large, Armitage finds. And these four in particular share a peculiar iron fence, tall and slender, each rod stretching out and curving, almost like a net or cage of sorts. The buildings a three stories high, all made beautifully. The servants that work for Gyyll are all lined up outside, standing shoulder to shoulder, dressed in mismatched clothing. Costumes. They're truly dressed for the Hunt's festival. “Hello,” one of the servants greets—a cheerful woman with hastily braided brown hair and heavily lined eyes. “My name is Marybell. I'll be the one to show you to your rooms.” “And where is Lord Gyyll?” Lord Hux demands, crossing his arms over his broad chest. “Lord Gyyll is out, picking up his costume for tonight,” Marybel says, fresh and pleasant. “The festival should begin soon. Please, change into your costumes. The carriage will be ready once Lord Gyyll returns.” If she detects Brendol Hux's disapproval, she sure doesn't show it. * The servants' quarters is a large connected building of sorts, no walls separating the beds and a stairway leading to only more sleeping quarters. The windows let in light, warming the room with the sun's glow. A fireplace crackles in a different corner of the room, actual warmth seeping from it. Marybel is at his side, same smile resting gently on her face. Armitage is shown a bed and a place to keep his things, just underneath it. He sinks down, on the bedcovers, struggling not to let out a pleased sigh. “So, Armitage, is it?” she asks. He nods. “Yes?” “Where's your costume?” she asks, cheeks rosy. “You're going to the festival, aren't you?” “Isn't... isn't the festival for the nobles?” Armitage asks, brows furrowing. Marybel laughs. “Oh, oh, yes,” she says. “There's two, really. A big festival within the clearing, one where the Hunters show up, holding the fruits of their labor. And then there's a smaller one, just one with all the servants of the families. It'll be fun,” she promises. Somehow, he doubts this. “So you don't have a costume?” Marybel assumes. Armitage nods. “I didn't think I'd need one,” he says. The tradition itself – of dressing up as something you're not – is somewhat childish to him. “I could just wear this,” he says, gesturing to his servant's uniform. Marybel shakes her head. “Oh, no, no!” she insists. She taps a finger against her chin. “Wait here,” she instructs Armitage before flitting about the room. He couldn't follow the willful woman even if he wanted to. “I was thinking,” Marybel says, bright as a bell, “we could match. I'm going an a Queen.” She holds up a violet dress as proof, sequins painstakingly sewn on. “You could go as my little Consort Prince!” He can't quite help the sneer that grows on his face at that. A different servant snorts, chuckling much too loudly. “No one wants to be your consort, Bell,” the man says, far too jovially. “Well, Jonas,” Marybel says, turning upon him, furious. “What would you suggest our guest dress up as?” He smiles, all teeth, and rolls his eyes, standing and walking to one of the closets. It's a large thing, probably shared by the servants. Jonas pulls the sliding door back, revealing lines of clothing. “How tall would you say our guest is?” Jonas murmurs, pushing racks of simple dresses aside. “Hmm,” Marybel hums. “Just about Zachariah's height, I'd say.” Jonas pulls out black clothing and holds them out. The shirt is collared, just like what Armitage is used to. The pants, however, flare outwards awkwardly at the hips, like some sort of riding pants. Marybel claps her hands together, so clearly amused. “Oh! A soldier man, then.” “Yes,” Jonas says, laying the garments down on an unused bed. “But not just any soldier man.” “Oh no,” Armitage mutters. Jonas pulls out a greatcoat, a black, heavy thing, borrowed from yet another servant. “A general,” Jonas announces. “Just sew on some designation stripes.” He tosses it to Marybel, who stumbles forwards to catch it. “Alright,” Marybel says, handing it to Armitage. “Easy enough. I'll bring you some material.” The fabric of the coat is soft and plush, a very warm material. “Oh, but it'd be ruined,” he protests. “I can't--” “You can have it,” Jonas says. “It's mine. From when I was in the army.” He pauses, shifting his eyes away, wringing his hands. “It's not like it means anything now,” he says with a shrug. “The Empire has fallen.” Armitage's eyes fall back down on the fine coat, unmarked, the coat of a minor man. He sighs, picking up a borrowed needle and strips of white fabric. * At noon, Lord Gyyll appears, dressed in some woolen thing, calling himself a fairy, some sort of wookie belonging only to stories. He looks about Lord Hux's age, hair fully grey. “Welcome to the property, Lord Brendol Hux,” Gyyll says, smiling easily, eyes warm. His eyes fall upon Armitage, standing behind amongst all the servants. “Oh, I only prepared three horses for you all... had I known we'd need four...” Lord Hux takes it in stride, chuckling lowly. “No, no. Armitage is merely a servant.” Gyyll looks at Armitage then to Brendol, furrowing his brows in a particular way. “Alright,” he says haltingly. “Come along. The Hunt is about to begin.” The door is hardly shut before Marybel springs into action, dragging Armitage behind her. “That means our festivities are starting soon too!” The servants of the Gyyll household do not take horses or even a carriage. The group of twenty servants are dressed in costumes: Marybel as a queen, Jonas as a wolf, someone as a fisherman. They take little footworn paths, Marybel as their leader, until they come to a gathering place. Like the scattered houses within the Woods, this gathering place is protected by a large iron fence, spiraling upwards, like a strange birdcage. Tents have been set up, along with long tables. People have already arrived, fellow servants, all belonging to different households. It's far too loud, people chattering and music playing, a nearly full band playing at one edge of the cage. A fire is going at the festivity's very center, nothing being cooked on top. Colorful stalls and booths are arranged nearby, small trinkets and sweets being sold, but no meal fit for the table that's been arranged. How odd. Armitage finds himself to be alone, sits at one empty spot of the dreadfully empty table. Marybel finds him, even in the crowd. The dress looks nice on her, sparkling with every movement. Her cheeks are red and flushed with excitement. She reaches out, squeezing Armitage's hand. He pulls it away wordlessly, giving her an odd look. “You might not be finding this fun so far,” she says, possibly drunk. Armitage had noticed the smell of wine, but had not noticed the distributor, and so he sat there, terribly sober. “But I promise it'll get better... in... just a moment...” Marybel eyes the fence's opening, sees how two of the party-goers opens it. Not too far off, the sounds of horses, horses trotting and trampling the ground, as they come. “What's going on?” asks Armitage. Marybel smiles, all teeth, her eyes shutting. “The Hunt might be thrown in honor of our great Queen, but the Knights of Ren like to grace the common people with their presence, gifting us fresh meat from the hunt.” “Aaaaaaand,” Marybel says, holding out one finger, grin suddenly looking so much more mischievous. “It's tradition for each Knight to pick their favorite costumed attendee and carry them off!” She reaches out, resting her arm against his shoulder. Armitage sighs, shrugging her off once again. “I wouldn't have come if I'd known that.” “That's what we were worried about,” Marybel says, nodding her head furiously, trying to come across as genuine. She comes across as genuinely drunk. “You need to relax a little. Have you seen yourself in the mirror? Who shoved the stick up--” A chorus of horses interrupts whatever rude thing she was about to say. “Oh! The Hunters are here,” she says, sighing, something lovelorn. The horses are all black mares, powerful beasts as mysterious as the folk that ride them, draped in loose, black garments. Blood—the blood of killed prey—coils in the air. Armitage can't help but scrunch up his nose at the smell. A deer is thrown to the ground, big and meaty, an arrow stuck within its breast. Three peasants approach the carcass, picking it up, and dragging it closer to that lonely fire, knives already ready to skin it and prepare it for a meal. “Oh,” Armitage says. “Oh,” Marybel repeats, smacking his shoulder. There are seven cloaked figures—those Knights of Ren. They circle the crowd, examining those costumed people. Quickly, people are chosen, helped onto the horses—behind the hunter, arms tight around waists, or in front of the hunter, leaning closer to warm chests. Marybel drags him to his feet. “Come along,” she says. “Quickly now! I want to have my chance.” Armitage rolls his eyes but follows closely. Just as soon as they approach, a hunter urges their horse near the two. Armitage looks up, narrowing his eyes, but the loose black hood conceals the identity of the hunter. Marybel practically vibrates at his side, squeezing his hand roughly, cheeks as red as berries. The hunter extends a gloved hand, practically in front of Armitage's nose. He freezes there. This hadn't been the plan—it should have been Marybel chosen, someone who actually cared for this dated and strange ritual. “What are you waiting for?” Marybel whispers, urging him forwards. “Go! Go!” Armitage rolls his eyes once more, bullied into taking the hunter's hand. Much too easily, the hunter lifts Armitage, helping the man sit in front of him. The hunter's arms are steady things at Armitage's side. The horse seems to understand the hunter, without him even speaking. “So,” Armitage says, never one for small talk, his heart hammering in his throat. “Just where are you taking me, stranger?” The deep chuckle that reverberates against his spine shouldn't feel so familiar. “You don't recognize me?” the man asks, whispering to Armitage's ear. “Hux, I'm heartbroken.” He sighs, smacking one of Ren's arms. “I didn't know you approved of such idiocy.” Ren shrugs, almost helpless. “Tradition is tradition.” Chapter 4 Notes: Several times dead game animals are mentioned, nothing very descriptive. Again, huge shout out to my beta. I couldn't have done it without her :'^) “So,” Ben says, his amusement helplessly smothering the word. “An Imperial soldier?” Hux scoffs, leaning close to Ben, as the horse trots on the course Ben wants, trotting along a peaceful path within the Woods. “An Imperial General, actually,” he says. “Not my idea, of course.” “The other servants, then?” Ben says. “Didn't think you'd be one to be bullied into anything.” “It's a holiday,” Hux snipes. “I'm being nice.” “Worried the faeries will take you away if you aren't nice?” Ben teases. Hux's shoulders roll, a shaking sort of indignant huff. “No,” he says simply. “In fact, I implore them to take me away from you and your smelly breath.” He can't help but snort, breath warming the air about Hux's head. “Just where are you taking me?” Hux murmurs. “Dunno,” Ben admits. “This is my first time... with the other hunters.” “I guess it's only fair,” Hux says, his sharp shoulders drooping underneath the dark Imperial jacket. Ben shifts, fishing for a brown paper bag, tucked into a pocket of his flowing cape. He finds it, the material crinkling beneath his greedy fingers, and pulls it out, passing it forwards to Hux. “Want some?” he asks. “Got some pastries before I left Capital City.” Hux takes it—haltingly, the paper bag only making more noise as he unfolds it, finding the round pastries within. Hux takes the last one in hand, pausing. “Just what is it?” “A pastry,” Ben repeats, rolling his eyes. “Like, I asked for a strawberry filling, but it tastes more like plum to me...” Hux stays silent there, in front of him, as if pondering that stupid little pastry Ben had snagged for himself. * Ben returns them both to the central hub for the commoners' festival. The music is just as loud and bawdy as before, though, now, more people are drawn to dance, faces red and merry. Hux gets off of the horse first, but Ben is soon to follow, circling around to face the thin man. “Hey,” Ben can't help but say. “You got some jam--” Hux wipes at his mouth, brows furrowing low, a crease appearing between them. He completely misses the dark, purple jam, clinging stubbornly just outside his mouth, smearing outwards near his chin. “No, no... Here,” Ben says, fishing a handkerchief from his pocket. “Let me.” Hux lets him, standing perfectly still as Ben rubs at his face. “There you are!” a clearly drunk voice calls. “Been looking for you!” Hux groans. “Someone you know?” Ben asks. “Marybel,” Hux says, turning towards her. “Just what are you doing?” Her cheeks are red like firelight, eyes sparkling, no doubt thanks to the flowing wines. Marybel, some servant, dressed in a heavy looking gown, wraps a dark shawl around her shoulders. Her hair spills from once tight coils. “You were gone for a while,” Marybel sing-songs, approaching. “Has anything... happened?” All too obviously, she winks, edging her way closer, dissolving into airy giggles. Hux sighs tiredly, pushes her away. “Come along... let's find some sober member of the house...” * He wishes to sit with the hunters, the so-called Knights of Ren, the Goddess of the hunt's chosen few. But instead he sits at his mother's left, his father opposite him. Various members of Alderaan's nobility and higher class sit about the table, enjoying the last of this day's winter's light. Ben has washed up, changing out of the heavy black garments to white ceremonial garb. The fabric is warm, as well, but not styled as he would have liked. It clings too closely to his skin, emphasizing his musculature and his build. His hair is pulled back and away from his face, making his ears and nose look far too big. His mother and those in charge of his official appearances would never listen. He stabs a piece of roasted deer with particular vehemence. “Ben,” Leia warns, wiping at the corner of her mouth with an embroidered handkerchief. “We've talked about this.” He stuffs his mouth, saying nothing. * The second night of partying goes just about the same. Ben follows the rest of the hunters, dressed in familiar black fabric, seated upon his horse. This time, they do not come bearing gifts of freshly caught meat. Instead, Ben carries a pouch of gold coins, weighing heavily in his pocket. “So what's the tradition behind this?” he asks. Another hunter laughs, amused by the prince's lack of knowledge. “Chosen hunters come from all walks of life,” the hunter says. Shia—one of the oldest of the Knights of Ren and certainly the best informed with folklore—rides alongside of Ben. “The commoners tend the struggle, especially during winter.” “And besides,” Shia says, “It goes along quite nicely with my favorite faerie tale.” Other hunters groan, tired of Shia and his exorbitant ways. “Well,” says Ben. “Are you going to tell me or not?” Shia chuckles, receiving the answer he had wanted. Once upon a time, after the first Knights of Ren were chosen, their master found himself drawn to the Woods. Matthew Ren was a man well gifted with Ren's gift—the talent that comes only to Alderaan's crowned hunters, no offense, Prince Ben . But Matthew also had quite the temper... like you, actually, my Prince... Anyway, Matthew found himself drawn to the Woods, something about those snow covered branches and silence of snowfall incredibly alluring. So, he took his horse and rode her to the Woods, his bow a heavy weight against his back. He rode into the forest, looking for just what had drawn him in. And there! A peasant walked through knee-deep snow, ill fitting clothes hanging off their frame. 'Excuse me!' said Matthew, stopping just in front of the miserable looking commoner, rage swallowing his heart. 'What brings you to the Woods at this time of year? You should know it is forbidden.' The commoner looked up onto Matthew with tired, red-rimmed eyes, pulling their raggedy cloak closer to their body. 'I am sorry, my Lord. I am looking for food, my Lord. At home, there is nothing for us to eat.' Compassion came upon Matthew at that moment, melting the ice around his heart. 'Well, no one should go hungry, especially when there is enough to go around,' thought Matthew, as the hunter set himself to work. The hunter caught three rabbits, delivering them back to the foraging peasant. 'Thank you, my Lord, for I will not go hungry,' the peasant said, arms laden with the feast. Matthew rode back to the castle, ready to go back home, convinced that is what he had been drawn to the Woods for. The next week was much the same. Matthew rode back to the Woods, drawn, mysteriously, once again. And again! The peasant was there, no longer wearing the cloak from the week prior, shivering all over. 'Excuse me!' said Matthew. 'What brings you to the Woods when you know it is forbidden?' The peasant looked to him, shaking, holding themself together. 'I am so sorry, my Lord. I am looking for something to keep me warm, my Lord, for at home there is no wood in the fireplace and I have ripped my only cloak.' And compassion took his heart again, Matthew pulling his own cloak from his shoulders, placing it around the commoner's shoulders. 'Well, no one should go cold. Not when so much gold is spent on clothing and fuel in Capital City,' Matthew thinks. 'Come with me,' he says. 'I will cut your firewood for you.' And so he did, spending hours with that commoner, cutting down enough wood to last the other a good time. 'Thank you, my Lord,' the peasant said, holding onto miraculously dry wood, Matthew's very own cloak upon their shoulders. Matthew rode back to the castle, convinced that this is what he had been drawn to the Woods for. The next week was much the same. Matthew rode again to the Woods, certain that this day would be the last day he'd be called. And there! The peasant stood, wearing Matthew's heavy cloak, cheeks rosy with chill. 'Excuse me,' Matthew called. 'What brings you to the Woods, when you know it is forbidden?' The peasant looked at him, smiling shyly. 'I am so sorry, my Lord. I am looking for someone to love and someone who will love me in turn, but I am a poor commoner, an outcast, even amongst my people.' Matthew's heart sang in his chest. He stretched out his hand, beckoning the commoner forwards. 'Then come with me,' he said. 'I'll take you away from your hateful village... I'll make you a home, filled only with love.' 'For everyone deserves a chance at happiness, whoever they may be,' Matthew thought. The commoner took his outstretched hand and Matthew pulled them onto the horse, in front of the hunter. But then the peasant began to giggle—something light and airy, so carefree. Light, shimmering light, melted their body away. There, sitting pretty on Matthew's horse, was a faerie, hair long and red, spilling below even his waist. His poor clothing lost its color and became fine, far finer than the cloak hanging about the faerie's shoulders. The creature turned upon the horse, to face the hunter he had captured, capturing him once again with glittering blue eyes. 'Will you still love me, knowing that I am not human?' asked the faerie. Matthew leaned forwards, pressing a kiss to the faerie's forehead. 'Forever and ever,' he promised. “It's just so romantic,” Shia finishes, sighing and swooning upon his horse. Ben rolls his eyes. “Feels a bit rushed to me,” he mutters. “They met... just three times? The hunter didn't even know the faerie's name.” “Oh, shush you,” Shia scolds. “I don't even know why I bothered... you're to just marry whoever your mother chooses, aren't you? Two years, boy. Hope she picks better for you than she did for herself.” Ben clenches his jaw, teeth scraping against teeth. He stops his horse, whole body tense. “You'll take it back,” he spits. Shia freezes too, a stuttering laugh escaping him. “What? Why should I?” “You'll take it back,” Ben spits again, dropping off the side of his horse, feet crunching against the snow with each step as he approaches Shia's. “As your future leader--” “Future leader,” Shia chimes. “But not yet!” “Fight me,” Ben barks, sneering, all teeth. Shia sneers right back, pale face peering out from between layers of cloth. “Challenging me to a duel while you don't have your sword? Remember, my Prince, I am the true Master of Ren.” “Peace,” a different hunter murmurs, urging his horse forwards, cutting between the two men. “Master Shia, show some respect for the future ruler of Alderaan… Prince Ben, please understand that this should be your hobby, not your life.” The hunter sighs, shaking his head. “We're nearly at the commoners' festivities. Be peaceful until then.” Ben sighs, clenching his fists. * Music plays—this time, even louder than the other day's performance. The people are spread out, some dancing to the melodic and cheerful tunes, some purchasing pastries that strongly smelled of sweet winterberries, some sat at the long table, chatting idly, drinks in hand. But he's looking for one peasant in particular. Ben gets off his horse before entering into the iron cage. He doesn't really look where he's walking, too caught up in searching for copper hair, tied up in a high ponytail. But he doesn't see any. Ben sighs, finding his way to one of the booths. The strong smell of homebrewed alcohol stings his nose. “I'll have a drink,” he tells the peasant selling her wares. “A Royal Hunter?” the woman gapes, mouth falling open. She pinches her cheeks, the skin reddening quickly. “O-oh, on the house, for you.” Ben shrugs, expecting the drink, taking a sip as he goes. “There you are,” comes that sharp voice. “Drinking already?” Ben turns, a sly smile growing on his face. “There you are?” he repeats. “I think I should be saying that... Where've you been?” Hux scowls. He wears the same costume from the day before—the uniform of an Imperial general. The cut of it suits him, broadening his shoulders and favoring his height, even if the color makes him look all washed out. He sighs. “I've been avoiding the other servants. Marybel has got it into her head that I owe her a dance...” Hux shakes his head, a scowl looking out-of-place in such a peaceful environ. Ben can't help but laugh. “Why would she think that you owe her a dance?” Hux glowers at him. “It's all your fault, really. Choosing me while she was there... now she regrets telling me to go with you. Thinks it a ruined chance, actually.” Ben swallows back another long gulp of the burning drink. “Well then, would you do me the honor of a dance?” he says, bowing at the waist, placing a hand flat against his belly. Hux steps back, pale green eyes wide in shock. He shakes his head quickly though, heat blossoming upon his cheeks. “No,” Hux huffs. “Don't be ridiculous.” Ben leans closer, smile blossoming slowly. “You don't know how to dance, do you?” he teases. Hux huffs again, crossing his arms and looking away, tilting his head up. “Of course I do,” he says, red seeping to his throat. Idly, he wonders if the red flush continues down the man's chest. “Then prove it,” Ben says, sweeping Hux into his arms. Hux goes stiff, hand coming up to grip at Ben's arm. Ben places his hand against the small of Hux's back, lowering his other to find Hux's free hand. Slowly, he captures it within his gloved hand, squeezing rather gently. “Follow my lead,” Ben encourages. Hux rolls his eyes but allows himself to be led in a dance. “You're impossible,” he says, stepping on Ben's foot. He's not quite sure if it was an accident or not—it doesn't really matter. * “--I swear... I hadn't known Life Debts were even still around,” an older gentleman says, shaking his head and sighing tiredly. “I... I thought under your legislation, Life Debts were freed from their indentured servitude and--” He becomes heated, voice raising in pitch. He sighs. “I've asked them to return to their home... my Queen, you should have seen--” “--well, Lord--” Leia shoots off into her own conversation, letting her food grow cold on her plate as the words she speaks become heated. Ben spoons at his rabbit stew. Spiceless, he'd complain. There's hardly any flavor to it. His father looks as if he's thinking the same, eyes darting about this way and that before he snatches another piece of bread, soaking it in the stew and eating it, making a pained face. Han could be so terribly transparent. Ben lowers his gaze once his father establishes eye contact, still chewing, one brow raised. * The last day of the Hunt brings another day of festivities—with the hunters, with the peasants, with the nobility. They bring their spoils of the morning's hunt, the weight of two dead rabbits heavy in his hand. The hunters are silent today, snow falling slowly about them, clinging stubbornly to loose black cloaks. “Hm?” Ben murmurs. “What's this...?” Ben rides forwards another few steps, horse snorting stubbornly, tossing her head. The iron cage that houses the common area for the peasants is still there—but a sort of nervous chatter hangs about the air, like the thickening of electricity before lighting strikes. Strange pieces of cloth are tied to the iron bars, colorful and bright, flapping about with the light breeze. “You... don't know much, do you?” Obiome murmurs, voice soft. She, like the other hunters, stares straight ahead. “About the commoners and their rituals.” Ben clenches his jaw. “Hush,” she says, waving a hand in dismissal. “The cloths are offerings to faeries, each representing some happiness freely given and meant to be shared. In turn, they believe happiness will find them in the coming year.” “That's... interesting,” he manages, not sounding convincing. She smiles wryly, leaps peaking out from under her hood. Ben dismounts, the first hunter to enter the iron cage, looking forwards to seeing that glimpse of copper hair once again.