Kylo leaned his head against the airplane window, music blaring in his ears. The plane shuddered suddenly, and one of his earbuds popped out. Kylo cursed under his breath and shoved it back in, not making eye contact with the passengers beside him. Nowhere was so in the middle of… well, nowhere , that the closest airport was a two hour’s bus ride away, in a much larger town. Kylo’s uncle, Luke, couldn’t even be bothered to make the drive out to pick him up. Kylo was stuck on a plane for six hours across-state, and he was bored out of his mind. Thankfully, the plane was about an hour away from landing, which explained the turbulence. Kylo pulled out his earbuds to listen idly to the captain as he welcomed the passengers and thanked them for flying with the airline. "…And, unfortunately, quite the storm has cropped up," the captain was saying, "so we might experience a bump or two—" The airplane lurched sideways, many of the passengers crying out in surprise. Kylo’s forehead smacked against the seat in front of him and he groaned. "—Like that," the captain laughed. "It’s very out-of-the-blue, our apologies. Remember, there are bags in the seat pockets in front of you, should you feel the need to…" Kylo had already zoned out again, rubbing his head and glancing out the window. The sky was pitch black, odd enough for the middle of the day, and there wasn’t a patch of blue in sight. Lightning flashed ominously in the distance. Kylo wondered what would happen if lightning struck the plane. Weren’t storms supposed to be some sort of bad omen ? Kylo shrugged and turned his music back on, cranking the volume to the max as another flash of lightning illuminated the interior of the plane. He hoped the storm wouldn’t continue when they landed. - The storm continued. Kylo stood at the bus stop, suitcase in one hand and phone in the other, moving it from side-to-side, trying to get more than a bar of service. He prayed silently that there would be phone service in Nowhere. His bus arrived ten minutes late, and even under the shelter of the bus stop, Kylo was damp from the wind and rain. He clambered onto the bus, handed the driver his ticket and made his way to the back. Rain buffeted the windows of the vehicle as the driver pulled out of the airport and onto the highway. Kylo put his earbuds back in and rifled through his bag for a piece of gum. He’d just opened the wrapper when his phone made an odd popping sound and the music abruptly stopped. "Fuck you," Kylo told his phone, giving it an experimental whack with his hand. The music refused to turn back on. Kylo rolled his eyes and tapped the radio icon. Maybe there would be some Fallout Boy on or something. "—And today, we have an interview with Miss Adelaide Brown, about faith healing and how it’s wa-a-a-y better than your average doctor—" Kylo nearly threw his phone across the bus. "Not the Christians ," he moaned, raising his head to the heavens as if to say, what did I do to deserve this ? After a few minutes of silence, Kylo sighed and tapped the radio again. Anything was better than two hours of awkward silence, he reasoned. "—so I went up to him, and I said, 'how 'bout you repent , sweetheart, there’s mass this Sunday and I’m sure you’d enjoy it'," Adelaide was saying. "And so he went, an' they were doing a faith healing, and guess what? He got right out of his wheelchair and started walking again! A miracle , they called it, a miracle, the work of the Lord …" A crack of lightning hit the road near the bus, making Kylo jump. It was the middle of summer, so it wasn’t like storms were uncommon, but this was was the worst he’d ever seen. He pulled the hood of his sweatshirt over his head and sunk lower in his seat. - Kylo arrived in Nowhere much later than he’d expected. The bus had to pull over for maintenance, which took an extra hour, and with the storm the entire ride took nearly four. By the time the bus pulled into the station at Nowhere, Kylo had trouble standing up. The radio had prattled on about sinners and donating to churches and faith healing and Pro-Life ads and whatnot, so by the time Kylo arrived at Luke’s house he nearly cried in relief at the lack of Christian symbolism. It wasn’t a huge house, and the trees on either side of it made it appear much smaller. If there wasn’t smoke coming out of the chimney and lights on in the windows, Kylo would have mistaken it for abandoned. Luke fumbled through his pockets for a house key, handing one to Kylo and using the other to open the door. The foyer of the house was dimly lit, with faded floorboards and a staircase at the back of the house that Kylo imagined would break at any moment. The foyer was narrow, with doors on either side of it, all open. Kylo spotted a kitchen through the nearest doorway on his left, a living room on the right, and probably a bathroom or bedroom farther down the hallway. Luke pointed up the stairs. "Your room’s up there, Ben. Here, give me your suitcase, I’ll take it up. You have a look around— there’s a forest down the road, if you want to check that out." Kylo nodded, leaving his bag in the foyer and tucking the house key into his jeans pocket. He left his phone— there was service in Nowhere, but none this far out. If he was lucky, he’d get wifi, but he wasn’t counting on it. He’d have to buy a modem the next time he was in town. Kylo opened the front door, peering out a little cautiously. The storm had finally let up, giving way to a mild summery breeze. Kylo hated summer— he owned too many sweaters and it was always too hot to wear them. He stepped out onto the porch, leaning on the railing. He could just see the town of Nowhere from here— a scattering of buildings too small to properly make out. Kylo knew there was a school there. Kylo walked back inside and up the staircase, passing a photo of Luke, much younger than he was now. He stood beside Kylo’s mother, Leia, with his father on the other side. Leia held a small bundle in her arms— Kylo. He felt angry tears prick at his eyes and turned away, heading up the rest of the stairs and following the sounds of unpacking across the landing. It was bigger than his old room, Kylo thought happily, trying his best to find something he liked about his new home. The walls were painted white, and the ceiling was high and sloped on one side, suggesting the room may have been an attic at one point. A small, curtained window next to the bed, and a chest of drawers in one corner took up the most space. There was a door next to the drawers, which Luke explained led to the bathroom. Kylo grinned. En suites were always an added bonus. At least he wouldn’t have to share with his parents now. "I thought you might like the double bed instead of the single," Luke explained, parking Kylo’s suitcase against a wall. Kylo nodded, mumbling a 'thank you'. He walked over to the window and opened the curtains, revealing a view of the forest behind the house. The trees seemed to stretch for miles, the fading sunlight turning the branches to gold. Kylo opened the window, airing the room out, and looked down. Someone was standing in Luke’s backyard. Kylo did a double take, squinting down at the figure. He— and Kylo was pretty sure they were a 'he'— wore an orange t-shirt and had a shock of.. pink hair? There was something dark on the figure’s shirt. Dirt, Kylo hoped. The figure saw him staring and waved. Kylo started, retreating from the window. "Town’s a little over a mile out, so you’ll have to take the bike… It won’t take long to fix up, just needs a little oiling…" Luke was saying. Kylo nodded absently. Luke smiled, a little awkward, and left his nephew to his own devices until dinner. Kylo went back to the window and looked out again. The figure was gone.