Silence. It spread over the forest, smothering it. Foxgloves and crested irises drooped lazily in the darkness, leaning in exhaustion against the pines and oaks, whose branches reached, claw-like, towards the sky. In a copse of weeping willows, a figure lay, spread-eagled and draped over the roots of the trees. The ground around him was stained dark red. Earlier, a fox had cautiously approached and nosed the figure, then turned and vanished into the undergrowth. The figure was motionless; grey-green eyes staring blankly at the willow they lay under. Pale, clammy skin framed by locks of orange hair, the strands plastered against the figure’s face. A smattering of freckles, barely visible on the translucent skin. When it would be found later, the coroner would deliver a short, succinct report: male, mid-thirties, body too far deteriorated to determine additional details . But there was no one here to see the man as he was now, before the rot set in. Oddly, his face had been left untouched, the white skin luminescent in the moonlight that shone through the willow branches. Blood had leaked from the corners of his half-open mouth, clotting and thickening. His teeth were stained red. He looked not surprised, exactly… but, resigned, perhaps? As if he had been expecting this. The man’s throat had been ripped open, the larynx and trachea hanging limply across his neck, almost completely detached. Dark blood glistened around the wound. The man’s stomach was also torn to pieces, bits of intestine strewn on the ground beside him. This was where most of the blood had congealed, the sharp, coppery scent filling the night air. And from the darkness of the willows, something stirred. He moved lithely towards the body on the ground, his frame towering over the limp, bloody husk of the man below him. The figure knelt in the grass, blood seeping into his trousers. He reached out with a clawed hand and trailed his fingers along the face of the body. The man’s lip curled back over his teeth and he withdrew his fingers, leaving a smear of crimson along the body’s cheekbone. “Damn you,” the man said quietly, fingers brushing against the mess of intestines, sinking in with a low squelching nice. He pushes his hand farther in and drew it out quickly, turning his palm so the blood shone in the moonlight. The man raised his hand to his lips, tongue flicking out and lapping at the red liquid. A small grin spread across his face and he stood, nudging the body with his foot. He glanced furtively at the moon, as it made its descent into the blinding rays of day. He needed to hurry. And still the forest dared not to move. It was afraid. The man knelt again, after a moment’s hesitation. He took the body’s head in his hands and pressed his lips to the cold forehead, before letting the head drop again. “I’m sorry,” the man said, but he wasn’t, really. He bent over, hands extending into blackened talons, wrapping himself around the body. He grinned again, the scent of blood and decay filling his nostrils. Even monsters had to eat.