Feed Your Head Kylo shivered. The girl stood above him, her nostrils flared, doe-shaped eyes widening, small-yet-muscular chest puffing madly. He wanted to close his eyes before death, but no...he would show her. He could be strong. As strong as Darth Vader. He would bore his eyes into her own, taunting her to strike. Perhaps this moment would turn her...it would be a good kill. She would take his place once he was dead, and strike everyone down who stood in her way. She had more than earned that privilege. But lo and behold, the girl turned off her blade. His eyelids fluttered and his mouth dropped in shock as she knelt beside him, grabbing his dark hair into her hands, only to pull it so softly and settle her lips gently on his. "I've wanted to do that since we met," she murmured. "And now I've gotten what I wanted. Come after me, and I'll kill you, you monster. I will." Kylo struggled, cursing his body for the lack of strength. He wanted to reach up and surprise her. Grab her and pull her hair right out of the ties holding it together. He would stroke her brunette locks, tenderly. Then use his black gloved hand to twist into his fist, and yank her down, right on top of him. Where he really wanted her. He would smell her. Lick the curve of her neck, whisper whatever it took into her ear to get her to stay with him. He protested when she left him, casting one final, warning glance his way as they were separated. He watched her strong back disappear into a white blaze of snow, and closed his eyes, her delicious scent swirling all around him. He was still dreaming of her when the Snow-troopers found him. "Rey!" Master Luke looked at her, impatient. Rey jumped at the sound of his voice. She looked down and realized she had dropped all of the logs she had been keeping in air with her telekinetic power. "What! Oh. I mean...I apologize, Master Luke." Luke tried to hide his smile, but he never succeeded in being stern with his young padawan. "You're such a daydreamer. Your grandfather would laugh, and make a joke that it's my fault, somehow." "Tell me again about him," Rey asked, sitting on the ground in front of Luke. He began to speak, and Rey smiled. She never got tired of the tales of the legendary Obi-Wan. And to think, she, a simple scavenger girl, was related to such a man! No mere man, but a legendary Jedi! It was so sad her family was gone; no one left alive to care for her. She remembered Luke's apologies at how even he could not come and take care of her himself. They would have found her, they would have tried to kill her. At first she cried, accepting his apology with a hug, but now she just bristled with anger at the First Order. They thought they could stop her? She was blood of the Jedi. They underestimate her as everyone always did; the man in the black mask underestimated her, too. Rey had showed him. Luke did not like talking about him, however. When Rey asked him about Kylo Ren, she watched the silent tears roll down his cheeks, until she saw he could not handle his grief and sorrow with her in the room. She bowed, and exited the room quickly, her shoulders heavy as she heard his loud sobs begin. Sometimes, he would look at Rey with such concern, and she could feel his anticipation. He wanted to tell her. He had to tell her. But he could not form the words he needed to say. After Luke had finished his story, he dismissed her to go to bed. Rey began cleaning up the objects used in her daily training sessions, and was surprised Luke did not leave her. She looked up, her forehead creasing, as she frowned. "What's the matter, Master Luke?" Her Jedi teacher sighed heavily. "I feel a disturbance, Rey. I...I know I have not told you about Be - Kylo Ren. It is a tragedy that I can not comprehend. I feel a need to warn you, however. Since you have come, I have felt his presence. His thoughts. He...he has not forgot what happened between you two on Starkiller Base. Your battle, and your triumph. His pride was sorely wounded that day...he is going to pursue you. He will let nothing stop him...but it's not revenge he wants." "He knows he can not win," Rey said, shocked at how easily the words came her lips. She shook her head, to clear her mind, and think before she spoke again. "If he does not want a fight, then what does he want?" Luke looked away. His voice was so frightened that Rey shivered a little, as the wind picked up and rushed through the trees. "You," he whispered. The sounds of the rebel scum screaming was music to General Hux's ears. He smiled slyly at Kylo Ren. "Surely the third time is the charm. The other ones we captured might have not known the location of Skywalker...but this one does. He will talk. I can smell a rat a mile away." Kylo Ren resisted the urge to comment. He felt the dark sarcasm on the tip of his tongue, but he refused any words that Hux might try to turn against him later. The General served a purpose. Later, he would mean nothing to Kylo Ren. Hux was an ant to crush, under his boot. So were the rebels that she - the girl - now a Jedi in training - so loved. He hated them, despised them with every fiber of his being. Could she not see she was his? The bond - he told her how he felt it, too - yet she chose to leave him! Study with his enemy! She kept betraying him, time and time again, tearing out what was left of his heart and stepping on it. The kiss continued lingering on his lips, the dreams came every night. Of possessing her, owning her, chaining her to his bed, and her thanking him for it, welcoming him every night with soft hands and her perfect kisses, with the promise of more to come. But it could never be. She would never let him use her, keep her, just for his pleasure. He felt that in her. The lust for adventure, her sense of curiosity and wonder. It was why she took up with those so-called friends of her's. She wanted freedom, to explore the entire universe. But he would give it all to her, and he would take what he wanted. He would do anything she said, anything she wanted, if she would only turn to him, and feel the power of the dark side. Chapter 2 : The Passion And The Fury Rey ran through the woods, the sounds of the lightsabers crackling, hissing, swinging through air. How could this have happened? She was only gone for a few minutes on her hike - and they were already under attack! But it was no matter. She was stronger now. Smarter. She had trained and found her strengths, learned to control her weaknesses. Alarm and dread filled her as she continued running back towards the training camp. Why had she not heard the ship? Why was the planet not swarming with troopers? All she could hear; all she could feel was Kylo Ren and Luke battling violently along the rocky cliffs of Ahch-To. When she finally reached them, she frozen momentarily. What Master Luke told her was true. She could feel it also. Kylo Ren wanted her. His desire, his need quickly crept toward her, trying to swallow her whole. Rey gasped, shocked at the power and energy it was giving Kylo Ren. He was putting his passion into his fighting, his blows viciously raining down upon Master Luke's. Luke, who was a skilled fighter, continued to block and move out of the way, hoping to wear Kylo out. It was soon obvious he was tireless. Rey could feel the relentless energy he kept pushing out, and realized she had to act quickly. She moved forward, but she was one second behind Kylo. With a triumphant grin, Kylo knocked Luke's lightsaber from his hand and pointed his own against his Uncle's throat. "No!" Rey screamed at him. Master Luke looked at her sadly, and she realized he just wanted to protect her, as he always had. Kylo Ren, on the other hand, just grinned. "You know what I want," he called to her, his voice almost gentle. "Come to me. Come to me where we first met, and I won't kill him. If you don't, I'll come to you. And when I do, I'll bring the troopers." "What?" Rey asked, confused, looking around. She still saw no ships. No signs of anyone but the three of them on the small island planet. "Don't do it, Rey," Master Luke begged. "You WILL do it," Kylo Ren ordered. "Or I'm going to take your master's head, right before I take you." With that, he swung his lightsaber, and Rey finally woke up, crying out for Luke. "Are you feeling better?" Master Luke asked Rey, handing her a mug of tea. Rey sipped at it gingerly, sighing. She pulled her beige sweater around her tunic. "I think so. But I'm almost certain Kylo Ren knows the location of where we are. Or he's close to finding out. We could...we could leave her and rejoin with the rebels. Or I could meet him like he wants. He...he said to meet him where we first met. I think he means I should meet him on Takodana." "You shouldn't go," Luke said firmly. "It's a trap. He'll find a way to put you onto his ship, and now that you have your training almost completed, he'll stand at nothing to bring you to the dark side. What else happened in the dream, besides you feeling frozen to the spot, and him telling you he would come find you if you didn't meet him?" "Nothing else," Rey lied. Luke frowned, but she knew he respected her enough not to pry. Rey was afraid of Kylo's sheer intensity and power, driven by his lust. He could easily best her Master in a fight, and if he would bring troopers...Master Luke was stubborn. Rey knew she would never get him to leave this island. She sipped at her tea, and looked gloomily into her cup, trying to hide her thoughts away from Luke. She had no choice but to face Kylo Ren. Meanwhile, Kylo Ren sat up in his bunk, a smile slowly spreading across his face. He quickly dressed in his black robes, readying himself to issue the orders for his crew to set course for Takodana. His little scavenger thought she won so easily, didn't she? Thinking he would back down, and give in, after one fight. There was no chance now - she had kissed him, her foreceful hands combing excitedly through his hair, her pale pink lips planted down firmly on his own. Did she think he would not keep going, now that he knew the bond they shared? If only he had not been so weak - but it was no matter now. He was fully healed. Kylo Ren knew she had already formed attachment to her Master. It was the type of girl she was, over-flowing with a passion she had yet to see. But he would show her. He would be the one, the only one, who could truly bring it out in her. Chapter 3 : Force Push Summary: Rated E for explicit. Luke picked up the empty tin tea cup. He had been alone for so long, but there was no real adjustment to the company of Obi-Wan's heir after her sudden arrival. Now that she gone, however, he could felt his sadness sink in. The silence, the absence of her footsteps; her high-pitched "Master Luke!" was no more but a memory in his mind. He warned her not to go. But he could not say - he could not tell her - what would happen if she did. Luke knew the forces, the power of the universe that Rey and Kylo Ren were dealing with. He also knew they did not. He had seen it a million times before - and how many deaths, how much more tragedy, until this particular mad dance would come to rest? He thought about his mother. Luke Skywalker looked out over the cliffs, and realized, all he could do was wait. Rey panted, twisting herself around in time to catch Kylo's lightsaber crashing down. She was uncertain why they had been simply sparring - it felt more like children playing with sticks than an actual fight. She glanced into his eyes. He wore no mask, but had been keeping his face expressionless from the moment she had stepped into his view. When she ignited her lightsaber, so did he, but he seemed entirely focused on the motions, showing none of his usual energy and passion. Rey couldn't read him, couldn't feel him, like she normally could, and she began to worry Master Luke was right. This was no final battle, a fight to pick up where they had left off. This was indeed a trap. "I'm impressed," Kylo said. "You've finely tuned your skills. I knew you would." Rey almost blurted out, "Stop playing games and tell me what you want!" She stopped herself when she realized that was what he wanted - her to open up. He wanted show him what she thinking and feeling, so he could slip more easily into her mind. Rey refused to give him the satisfaction. She turned off her lightsaber. He stood in front of her, patiently waiting. Rey leaned back against a large rock, saying nothing. Her temper finally got the best of her as he continued staring at her, his lips hinting at a smile. "I told you we were done back on Starkiller Base! Why couldn't you just stay away?" "Because we'll never be done," Kylo replied, turning off her lightsaber. He advanced on her, and she tried to back away, her shoulders scraping against the boulder. Rey glanced to the side, and was about to dart away when he caught her by the arms and held her still. "Look inside yourself. You know it to be true." "It was just a kiss," Rey said, her voice in a sulk, as he moved closer to her, his arms taking her into an embrace. "Haven't you ever been kissed before?" "Stop fighting it, Rey," Kylo Ren growled, his lips touching her hair, traveling down to the side of her ear. "It'll only get worse if you do. The dreams, the nightmares, and the pull we have towards each other. Stop making yourself suffer. And stop making me suffer. Give. Into. It." Rey opened her mouth to protest, but she couldn't think of any words. It was pointless, anyway. His body was pressing into her own, his smile deepening as he could feel her heat. She reached up to comb her hands through his hair, like she had done so many months ago when she first defeated him. Perhaps he was right - this was what they needed. She tried to hide her desires, but he could sense it, he could smell it all over her. Kylo tasted Rey's tongue, her neck, his hands tugging her tunic down so he could greedily wrap his fingers around her breasts. She breathed in, excited by the way he kept pushing himself onto her, getting her even warmer. Rey never felt such a sensation before - the way he kept driving forward, into her, teasing her by pushing his full length against her, letting her know what was coming next. Rey felt the blush burning her cheeks, when he sensed her will. Kylo began tearing away at her clothes as she eagerly pulled his own off. Their ripped garments littered the ground. They joined hands as he pinned her against the stone wall, finally sliding himself deep inside and began thrusting upwards, making Rey moan. Kylo leaned down and rested his head against hers, and closed his eyes as they continued to move in union, certain the feeling of her hips meeting his would drive him completely and utterly mad. Rey felt him clutching her hands tighter, even deeper inside her now, squirming as he began stretching her, filling her completely, more than she ever thought was even possible. Her cries growing louder, she sunk her teeth into his neck. Still he continued to thrust, his passion only growing at the sounds she made. "Please," she whispered, shaking. Tears were rolling down her cheeks; she felt filled with such emotion. Was this love? Desire? Fear? She didn't know, but Rey was soon overcome with her feelings, the warm breezes of Takodana, the scent of Kylo lingering on her skin, invading into her lips, swirling around in her lungs. "Please what? What do you want, Rey?" Kylo murmured, his voice delirious, almost unrecognizable. "Tell me." "You," she said, her voice floating around him like a dream. "Ever deeper inside me." Kylo nodded, wrapping his arms around her back. He pushed one final time, feeling her nails dig into his bare flesh, and rested his lips against her soft cheek. He groaned, trying to hold back from biting into her face like an animal, and instead squeezed her shoulders, reaching up to wrap her hair into his hands and tug. Rey closed her eyes as her head tilted back, feeling all of Kylo fill her entirely. It was done. They had been driven together - the push of the force was strong. Now that we've given in, Rey wondered, is this all? Is this it? Will everything go back to just as it once was? As Kylo remained inside her, refusing to let go, even after they had long finished, Rey realized she knew the answer already.