He was speechless . From the moment that he had encountered her in the forest, he knew that there was something powerful lurking in her mind. It was wild, untamed – but it was there, a tempest held back by an unknowing and immeasurably powerful force. The issue was that he had failed to understand just how powerful it was. By all accounts, that weapon should not have gone to her – she simply was not powerful enough to call it too her. That lightsaber had belonged to Darth Vader, the man who was objectively the most powerful user of the Force ever to exist. It then belonged to Obi-Wan Kenobi and then Darth Vader’s son – who were nearly just as powerful. For a moment, in his early training, it had even belonged to him. But the girl – Rey – he reminded himself, shouldn’t have been able to call it. Watching her as she brought the blade up into the standard attack position, he found that he couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe. Kylo Ren, since he took that name, could count on one hand the few moments that he had been rendered utterly paralyzed. Without his mask, he felt bare to existence, he felt more like his previous self, and staring at this girl, this scavenger, he felt powerless against her. And that enraged him. He was Kylo Ren, he was master of the Knights of Ren – he was the grandson of Darth Vader, the nephew of Luke Skywalker. This desert rat, this peasant shouldn’t have been able to display more power than him. His family had been shaping the course of history for decades – his grandfather had crushed planets under his heel, and his uncle had brought down the Galactic Empire in a minute. He was going to follow in family tradition with this girl, he had to do it. Even when he activated his lightsaber and charged at the girl, he knew that somewhere in the back of his mind – in the dark recesses that still belonged to the being once known as Ben Solo, that all of this was a lie, or an undeniable half-truth. When he attempted to interrogate her – and attempted to penetrate her mind, to reveal the final piece of the puzzle that would lead him to his Uncle, she had done what he would have previously thought was impossible. She had penetrated his mind so deeply that she had been able to see his deepest secret. He was not Darth Vader – he wasn’t even his Uncle. His training had been stunted, he was not complete – he was not fully in touch with all the power that his family had wielded in the past. In truth, he did not know if he ever could under the boot of the Supreme Leader. The Supreme Leader knew just as well as he did that if he was to touch the powers of his family, he would able to topple him. He’d never admit it, not out loud, but he knew the truth. The Supreme Leader feared him – feared his family. A long time ago, long before his birth – the Supreme Leader had attempted to kill his grandfather, and Darth Vader, under the command of the Emperor, had extracted his vengeance, slowly . Even today, he bore the scars of Vader’s wrath. Parrying and knocking back the blade – his vision narrowed. How dare she expose him like this?! How dare she defang Kylo Ren with only a few words and leave the simpering Ben Solo in his wake. His breathing grew frantic, his strikes became harder, faster and sloppier . Again, in the back of his fractured mind, he knew that he was becoming unfocused, his rage uncontrollable. She was becoming the focus of his rage, the center of the hurricane of his emotions. It was because of her and because of her power that he was losing the focus of Kylo Ren, and giving into the mutual rage that Ben Solo and Kylo Ren both shared. That might have been all that it would take to crush the girl in the past, if he wasn’t at the same time giving into the fear that the girl brought. Rey made him feel legitimate fear for the first time in years and he hated her for doing it. Crossing blades with her one more time, he spun and they locked. Even then he could see it, the Force bolstering her strength, making her strong, making her able to withstand his anger, his rage . Using his grandfather’s lightsaber to protect herself, Kylo looked at her from beyond their crossed blades in amazement. Her eyes were closed, she was drawing deeply on the Force and for all intents and purposes, she appeared to be utterly nonplussed with her predicament. That only served to strengthen his resolve. “You need a teacher!” He bellowed, as the wind whipped around the two of them and the planet began to break. “I can show you the ways of the Force!” She wouldn’t take the offer – they both knew it, but he had to try. The Supreme Leader wanted the girl, because if she escaped this planet, and made her way to Luke Skywalker – the end would begin. The Jedi would rise again, and the efforts made by Emperor and Darth Vader decades ago would go down in flames. If he didn’t to kill her here, and now, or turn her, he’d never be able to. Luke Skywalker would make her into the ultimate weapon. If she escaped this planet with the last piece of the map and went to find him – he would train her to destroy the First Order and restore the Jedi Knights to glory. Like he had attempted to do with Kylo. Except, he knew that she wouldn’t be able to be killed or subdued here, and he knew that when she opened her eyes and locked them with his. She was power, she was like staring into the Force itself – and for what seemed like the hundredth time in the day, he knew in the back of his mind that the First Order was finished. Staring at Rey was like seeing the end. Rey was the end.