The Outbreak September 27, 2013 : 1 day into the infection “Wedge-- Wedge please don’t! They don’t need any of that junk! It’s getting late, we can’t have them bouncing off the walls before bed.” Luke laughed into his phone in the other room. Uncle Wedge had obviously taken a stop at the store on his way home from work, and from the sounds of it was trying to bring home candy to spoil them. Rey was grinning at the TV, her before-bed cartoons keeping her occupied. She was curled up next to him on the couch, comfortable in her PJs while Ben still sat fully dressed. It was only eight o’clock, but Ben did not comment on his cousin’s bedtime. She was only four after all, and her bedtime always had been early. She usually fell asleep around seven the past few times Ben had visited, Yet today she had desperately tried staying awake so that she could be with Ben longer, and so Ben stayed up with her tonight till either she fell asleep or Luke told her to go to bed. Rey was currently struggling to sit upright next to him, nodding off and coming back to whenever she leaned into Ben. Luke was still on the phone in the other room, and Ben decided to take action. “Rey, I think it’s time to go to bed.” He said softly, Rey groaning quietly in protest. Ben laughed, picking her up and lifting her off the couch. “Time to sleep Rey. I’ll be here in the morning, and then for the next three days after that.” She hummed sleepily in response, holding tightly onto his shoulder as Ben started walking upstairs. Rey was already more than half asleep when he lowered her into her bed, pressing a gentle kiss to her small forehead before walking out with a quick goodnight. Ben still had an assignment due by midnight, so he picked up his laptop from the guest bedroom before heading back downstairs. When he sat back onto his spot on the couch, Luke was still on the phone and cartoons were still on. It didn’t quite sound like Luke was speaking with Wedge anymore, and was trying to stay quiet with what he was discussing. “Of course he’s fine-- he’s always fine. No, no-- we love when he’s here. You don’t have to worry about it. He will always be welcome under my roof.” Of course, Ben’s mother would always call to ask her brother about him but never actually bothered to call Ben herself. Ben shook his head, opening his laptop and beginning to type out the last of his essay. At least his father called, asking how he and Texas is. He had his ups and downs with his father, but at least he tried. Leia only ever did the bare minimum, ensuring he was educated and healthy. Leia only ever made sure he would not ruin her reputation as a senator, and made sure Ben would come off nice to the press. Ben much preferred Luke, Wedge, and Rey as a family then what he actually lived with. He would always look forward to when Leia and Han would be on a trip that did not require Ben’s presence. He got excited when those trips were announced so he could prepare to fly down to Texas to stay in the little house in Austin. He enjoyed the company of the two ex-pilots and their daughter, and felt plenty more comfortable around them then he did anywhere back with his regular family. Maybe the Skywalker-Antilles were the best family he actually had. ~ He must have dozed off, laptop shut and placed safely on the coffee table. He was lying down, a pillow placed under his head and a blanket thrown over him. The TV was still on, though the volume was down, though just loud enough to be audible. Luke was aware of how it was very hard for Ben to stay sleeping without some form of background noise, and Ben smiled at how Luke remembered something that seems so unimportant to Ben’s actual parents. The house was quiet other than the faint sound of the television. The occasional car would pass by outside, headlights illuminating the room in a bar of light as they pass. Ben tried to wake himself up, deciding that he could move to the guest bedroom without waking anyone up. He sat up slowly, yawning and stretching. There was some form of news report on the television, something more about the issues going on at the local hospital. Some people were sick with an unknown disease, and the hospitals were filling up in rapid succession with them. Ben had been reading about it the day before in the newspaper. He reached blindly for the remote, turning up the television so he could hear what was happening better. The woman on screen was speaking of the pandemic, when suddenly a man came towards her, waving his arms and yelling. “You’ve gotta get outta here-- y'all gotta go this is about to--” Suddenly the building behind them exploded, the camera recording live tipping over at the blast then cutting off. There was a boom outside, and Ben’s attention was brought to the window. Off into the distance, a plume of fire and smoke fired above the trees, mere seconds after the feed was cut off from the news. Car alarms went off in the distance, a dog next door started barking relentlessly, lights all down the streets flickered on. Luke’s phone started to buzz on the kitchen counter, the Final Countdown playing. Ben didn’t know when he stood up, realizing when the blast happened he must of shot up from where he was sitting. He raced across the living room, picking up the phone and hitting answer when he processed the caller ID. “Dad?” He asked, scared. The living room was filled with flashing lights of red and blue, multiple police cars racing past, sirens fading into the mass of noise happening back outside. “Ben! Ben oh God-- Leia! Leia I have a connection! Oh God Ben we’ve been trying to call for hours-- Something’s happening, the world’s gone crazy kid, stay with Luke and Wedge. Do what they say. Stay away from anyone but them, Ben oh God…” “Dad? Dad what’s going on?” The was yelling on the other line, shouts and screams and crashes and bangs. There were sirens on Han’s end too, blaring so loud it was almost hard to tell what his father was ordering into the phone. “Ben, Ben listen to me. Stay with Luke and Wedge. Do as they say. Do anything they tell you and nothing else. You’re strong Ben, you can handle whatever will come. I know you can--” “Ben-- Ben we love you! I love you so much baby. So so much. I’m so sorry if I’ve never been good enough. I’m sorry. I love you!” Leia must have grabbed the phone, she sounded like she was crying. “I love you so much Ben. I love you I love you I love you!” “Mom? Mom please--” “We love you so much.” Han was back now, talking faster. “We love you so so much. Never forget that. Never forget what I told you. Ben--” The line went dead, and Ben pulled the phone from his face, desperately tapping the call button and trying to reconnect them. He was crying, so scared and so desperate. What was going on? More police cars raced past, the dog outside still barking, and the city was overtaken by the sound of sirens. Perhaps terrorists? Han and Leia were in the capital after all, perhaps all the big cities were being hit-- “Ben!” Wedge was behind him then, running into the kitchen. He was dressed in a T-shirt and jeans, eyes tired and hair mussed. He had only one sock on and Ben was pretty sure the shirt he had on was backwards. “Ben we gotta go, something bad’s going on…” Wedge was filling a bag with non-perishable foods from the kitchen, the bag seeming to already have some clothes in it. “Pack a bag. Only things you can’t live without. Clothes, shoes, things of the like. Stay away from the windows-- the walls in general if you can.” Luke was running down the stairs, taking them two at a time. He carried two bags over his shoulders, Rey in his arms. She was crying, tired and scared. There was a yelp outside, the dog next door going silent. Ben’s blood was cold, palms clammy and he was sure he was shaking. Wedge had finished his task, placing the bag on the counter and climbing atop the counter. He looked around above the cabinets, waving dust that he kicked up away from his face. He rearranged some glass jars and empty wine bottles used for decorative purposes. He apparently found what he was looking for, a ‘a-ha!’ coming from above where Ben and Luke watched. Wedge climbed back down from the counter, a revolver now in hand. He checked the ammo, making a pleased noise before tucking it into his belt. He climbed back onto the counter, pulling down a small box and placing that into one of the bags Luke carried. “It’s not much, but if it comes down to it we will be able to get the job done. I sincerely hope I do not have to use it.” “ If it comes down to it?! ” Ben hissed, eyes trained on where the gun was tucked in on Wedge’s side. “I’ve only ever had to take it from cabinet once, and I hope it will go back up there very soon. We can only hope that this will all blow over.” Luke didn’t say anything, only trying to shush his distraught daughter. Rey had no clue what was happening, even more clueless than the rest of them. “The world’s gone insane over this infection. They’re saying people that are in the city are most affected. We gotta go.” Wedge picked up the bag from the counter, grabbing another off Luke’s shoulder and heading outside. Presumably he was packing the car. Ben, Luke, and Rey were left in the house, in stunned and awkward silence. “I’m going to go and pack a bag…” Ben whispered, voice shaking. He made it about halfway across the living room before there was shouting outside, horrifying strangled sounds and Wedge shouting warnings. Ben froze in place, listening to what was happening outside. Wedge shouted one more time, whoever was with him not listening to the multiple ‘get back’s and other warnings. There was a single gunshot, then a shriek and the thump of something hitting the ground hard. There was a long moment where everyone was still, unsure of what happened or what to do. The door opened quickly, and then Wedge burst through. He was covered in blood, and the revolver was in his hand. He had this blank look to his eye, and his hands were shaking worse than before. “Wedge?” Luke said, turning so that Rey would not see her father covered in blood. “The world’s not right. Nothing’s right and we gotta go. We’re leaving. Now.” Wedge walked out the door, beckoning Luke and Ben to follow. They did, Luke not commenting on the body that lie in their driveway. Luke only positioned himself so that Rey couldn't see. “Don’t look baby… don’t look. Ben, Ben don’t look. Don’t look at him...” Luke set his daughter in the backseat of Wedge’s truck, buckling her into the car seat. Ben stood frozen, staring blankly at the body face-down in the pool of crimson. It occasionally twitched, and Ben almost thought the man was still alive. There was something off about him, skin grey and blotchy, the way he continued to twitch despite being shot and losing so much blood. The liquid pooled around the body, trickling down the driveway and into the storm drain at the mouth of the driveway. Ben knew this man was the next door neighbor. “Ben, we gotta go. We can’t stay.” Luke opened the driver’s side door, stepping in and starting the truck. All down the street people were packing their cars, families uprooting themselves to go who-knows-where. Ben stepped into the passenger side door, sitting next to Rey. Luke pulled out of the driveway, him and Wedge speaking in hushed voices in the front seat. Ben occupied himself with trying to calm Rey, shushing her and encouraging her to look at him rather than whatever was going on outside the windows.Saying he was frightened was an understatement. Everything happened so fast, the old truck pulling onto the on-ramp, seeing the sea of tail lights at a stand still for miles. The rabid, moaning man ramming himself into the car. Wedge yelling for Luke to step on it, the truck stalling out. The truck eventually pulling away and speeding down the street. Buildings were on fire, those horrifying moans coming from all directions, screams and explosions and gunshots of all kinds. How did it all happen so fast? Ben was only given the quick warning of headlights to shout and throw himself over Rey the best he could. Tires screeched, and the truck was hit, The truck tipped and rolled, glass shattering and flying from all angles. When the truck finally stopped they were upside down, Ben thanking the locked seat belts for keeping both him and Rey secure. Wedge was asking if they were okay, the two men in the front seat seeming unharmed. Wedge had a heavily bleeding cut on his forehead, but paid it no mind as he maneuvered himself out of the truck. Ben was trying to get himself out and free Rey from her car seat. There was glass in his hair, and it crunched under his boots when he moved. Rey had stopped crying miraculously, seemingly in shock with her eyes blown wide and red at Ben. “Are you okay kid? Does anything hurt?” He asked once she was in his arms. He tried to keep his voice soft and reassuring, as to not frighten her further. Ben momentarily reminded himself of Han, years and years ago when Ben had taken a nasty crash from his bike, and his father had used those exact words in that exact voice. Ben wondered what had happened to them. Luke was looking over his daughter from Ben’s arms, deciding for himself that she was unharmed. “We gotta move.” Wedge said, sounds of more people screaming from where the truck was driving filling their ears. The truck that had supposedly hit them was still on the road, though just as totaled as the truck they just crawled from was. The driver was very much dead, one of the moaning people currently mutilating the driver’s body with their bare hands. The person in that car was screaming, groaning out such guttural sounds that there was no way they were human. “Do you want me to carry her?” Luke asked, Ben shook his head. “I’m faster, she will only slow you down.” Luke nodded, placing a kiss to Rey’s head and ruffling Ben’s short back hair. “You’re right.” Luke gave some quick reassuring words, telling Rey that everything was okay and that they would be fine, though he looked at Ben when he said that. The three of them followed Wedge, all of them maneuvering through the horde of panicking civilians. There were people on the ground, being attacked just as the person in the truck that hit them was. There were people running from burning buildings, cars crashing into each other in the madness. A police car exploded down the street, more of the infected people coming from that direction head on. “Through the restaurant-- we can head into the country through there!” Wedge shouted, pointing towards the restaurant to their left. Sometimes when Ben was in town they would eat dinner there, and all of the waitresses knew Luke and Wedge and their respective orders by heart. They all ran inside, Wedge in the lead and Luke close at the rear. The restaurant was abandoned but for three of the infected people, but luckily they all made it out the back door before anyone was caught. The door did not close, and Luke held it shut, hands and fingers struggled at the opening, and Luke was having difficulty keeping it shut. He used all of his body weight to keep the three people behind that door, and groaned at the effort. Another of the infected that was waiting on the outside sprinted towards Wedge, who aimed and fired, effectively dropping them to the ground with more sick gurgling noises. “Go!” Luke yelled, more infected coming towards them at the gunshot. “Go-- take Ben and Rey--” Luke grunted as a particularly hard shove at the door almost put him off balance. “Keep them safe, I’ll catch up!” “Luke--” Wedge started. “Go!” Luke yelled, and Rey was crying again, and Wedge and Ben left Luke with great reluctance. They jumped the road barrier, making off onto a dirt road that would hopefully lead farther from the city. “He’ll catch up. He will. Everything will be okay…” Wedge said, and Ben couldn't tell if Wedge was talking to him or if he was just reassuring himself. They were running, careful not to twist their ankles on the uneven terrain. The sick people were hot on their trails, and Ben tried his hardest to keep Rey facing ahead, rather than over his shoulder. They were met with a steep hill, and climbing it slowed them down tremendously. At the top Wedge gasped, forcing Ben’s head down. Shots rang out, dirt blowing up where bullets made contact with the ground, then the infected behind them flew backward and fell dead. A man in riot gear stood before them, his automatic rifle trained on Wedge. Wedge held his arms out, trying to shield Ben and Rey from the soldier. Wedge dropped the revolver, kicking it backward to show he didn’t want to use it. “We have three civilians on the outer perimeter, stand by.” The soldier said, and Ben assumed he had a comm behind his protective helmet. “We’re not sick…” Wedge said, but the soldier only kept his weapon trained on them. He said nothing, and Ben readjusted Rey in his arms. “Sir…” the soldier started, but stopped talking. Someone on the other line must have cut him off. “Please, we’ve just seen Hell-- you have to understand… My name is Wedge Antilles, I was stationed as a pilot in--” “Quiet.” The soldier cut off Wedge, jabbing his rifle forward, then going still and quiet yet again. Wedge had his hands up in surrender now, taking a short step backward. “Sir there are kids-- no sign of aggression, you have to--” Then the soldier was cut off yet again, and with shaking arms he trained the weapon back on the three of them. “Understood sir.” “Shit--” Wedge whipped around, shots ringing out and Rey screamed, Ben’s own shout muffled by the rifle. The three of them tumbled down the hill, Ben trying to hold Rey tight and shield her the best he could. He lost his grip though, and Rey slipped from his arms. Ben skidded to a halt, the wind knocked out of him. When the dust he kicked up cleared he sought out Rey’s form, laying on her back a few feet away. The soldier jogged up to her, and Ben tried to shout in protest-- but his voice was no more than a weak groan. Ben tried to stand, but only managed to stumble in attempt to get to Rey. He fell almost face first into where the revolver lay, and found it trained on the soldier before he could even register what he was doing. He fired before properly steadying the gun with his other hand, the recoil forcing the weapon from his hand and hurting his arm. The shot missed, but the soldier turned to him, lining up his rifle again to shoot for the third time. Rey stood up and attacked the man’s leg, throwing him off balance and giving Ben enough time to pick the revolver back up. He ran to Rey and the soldier, screaming for Rey to get back before putting a foot on the soldier's chest. This time Ben steadied his hand, firing at the soldier's now exposed face point-blank. Ben turned away before he could lay eyes on the damage he had done, picking up Rey and shushing her. She clung to him desperately, crying out wails of despair. “Daddy..?” She said through the tears, and Ben turned to where Rey was looking. Wedge lay in the dirt, face up and gasping in desperate lungfuls of air. The bottom half of his shirt was painted red, and the huge spot grew quickly. Ben ran over, falling to his knees next to Wedge. Rey was cradling his face, crying harder and harder. Wedge was crying too, his panicked gaze flicking back and forth between Rey and Ben. “Hey… hey s’okay…” Wedge whispered, his hands were pressed hard into his wound, trying to stop his own bleeding. He gasped out when Ben added his own hands over where the bullet entered. “S’okay baby… s’okay…” Rey hugged his neck, and Wedge winced when he pulled a bloody hand away from his abdomen. Ben replaced it immediately, pressing down hard like they did in the movies or when someone was bit by a shark in a show. Ben only wished he knew more, so that he could help more than just press over the hole in Wedge’s flesh. The ex-pilot’s blood flow was still strong between their fingers, and Ben started to cry too. Wedge was petting Rey’s head with his free hand, and he looked to Ben. “Look after her.” He said, voice so weak Ben could barely hear him. “Please look after her…” “I promise… I promise I will!” Ben cried, putting all of his might into putting pressure on Wedge’s abdomen. “Find someone… Find someone you trust… stay with Luke… be good…” Wedge said, and his eyes were fogged, and his shaky hand over Rey was slowing. “Be good babygirl… I’m proud of you two…” And then his heaving chest slowed to a stop, the hand on Rey’s head falling to to the dirt. Rey screamed, long and hard, shaking her father’s head. Ben pressed his ear to Wedge’s chest, abandoning the wound and attempting to perform CPR. Rey only screamed louder, the sounds of sirens in the distance the only thing accompanying their cries.