Chapter 1 "Mom, I can't believe I'm actually doing this." "You left Company R?" "Well, actually, Commander Snoke said that I've been promoted to the First Company. He said that I should leave them behind for a better group." "Yes, but did you try to reason with him?" "Well, he said I'd get court-martialed, so I-I caved in." He sighed in shame and awaited his mother's response from the other line of the phone. "Ben, I'm proud that you got promoted, but if you feel that's what's best, then I'll stand by your decision. Take care, Ben." "Bye, mom. I'll call you again around Christmas." He hung up the phone and walked to his bed- technically, his new one, because of the transfer. About a minute or so later, a bunch of young men walked in, some of them toting cases and random bits of paper that looked vaguely like sheet music. Walking slowly behind them was a tall, slender redhead; bidding goodbye to anyone outside the door to the barrack. "Well, it's nice to know that Mitaka didn't space out during rehearsal, eh Thannison?" "Oh, shut up, Hux! You know I can't play piano well on a mug of decaf! Besides, you forgot your sheet music last time- and Phasma gave you one hell of a lecture! I mean, I could swear that she has the hots for you!" The rest of the men howled with laughter as they filed in and stowed their things out of sight. "Uh, who's the new guy? And why wasn't he at rehearsal?" The man they referred to as Mitaka eyed Ben up and down. "Well, uh, you see... I got transferred from Company R to this one," he admitted, looking around for approval. As soon as he told them, they shook their heads in approval. "Well, welcome to the First Company. Hopefully you know how to play music," Mitaka said, sitting on his bunk. "Why is that?" The men howled with laughter, which confused Ben slightly. Why would they be laughing at a simple question? As their laughter died down, he heard someone chuckling rather sarcastically. The tall redhead walked in and laughed. Ben couldn't deny that he was really handsome, like Clark Gable or maybe even Cary Grant... He felt his cheeks redden as Red walked in, smirking as he started whistling a few bars of "Tuxedo Junction." "You don't get it, do you? Once you're in the First Company, every musician or singer is part of the big band now. I had to tell the band director that you would gladly fill in the last trumpet spot." "How did you know I play trumpet?" Ben said, raising a skeptical eyebrow. "Oh, how rude of me not to introduce myself. General Armitage Hux, tenor saxophone. I'm also Commander Snoke's right-hand man in the whole operation, and the one who had the idea for the band. Naturally, I had to take a look at your dossier, and I found out this interesting tidbit about your musical career. You used to be principal trumpet for the local symphony- no wonder you seemed disgusted at the idea of playing in a big band," Hux said with that stupid smirk glued on his face. Ben very much wanted to slap Ginger's face and wipe off that smirk, but he remembered to keep a cool head. These military guys were pretty tough, especially snarky ones like him. "Did you find out anything else that seemed interesting to you?" "Just that. Oh, I don't think the other guys have introduced themselves. Gentlemen, we have a new member for our ensemble, how rude of you not to introduce yourselves," Hux intoned. "Lieutenant Doph Mitaka, piano." "Officer Joe Thannison, alto sax." "Sergeant Ket Cahuenga, trombone." Ben shook hands with each of them and introduced himself as "Ben Solo, trumpet." This struck him as odd, especially since he was so used to referring to himself simply as Ben. "Well, I think we should hit the sack now, boys. Tomorrow must be an exciting day for Ben, since it'll be his first rehearsal and all. Lucky him- he'll get to meet the fair captain Phasma," Hux said, slinking under the sheets of his bunk before heading off to sleep. The other guys followed suit, so Ben figured that he should as well. The next afternoon, after the daily routine he had to go through like everyone else, Ben found himself sitting in a folding chair with a trumpet staring at a piece of music that definitely wasn't Bizet. The rest of the band talked amongst themselves- with the exception of Hux. Rather than chat with his fellow men, Hux chose instead to practice. Ben couldn't help but admire everything that went on in front of him. Hux's slender fingers didn't merely just press the keys, they danced on the horn's brass surface, cold and brilliant like the player himself. He was knocked out of his reverie when a tall woman with short blonde hair walked in mumbling an apology. "About time you got here, Lenina," snarked the bass player, to which she responded with a glare. "Uh, so that's Captain Phasma, right?" Ben asked skeptically. Hux nodded and set the sax across his lap. "Lenina darling, we have a new musician playing for us. Allow me to introduce you to Ben Solo, our newest trumpet player." Ben felt his cheeks redden when the beautiful woman smiled at him. "Pleased to meet you," she said, her voice sounding just a bit seductive. "Charmed," Ben managed to say awkwardly. The band's director walked over to them and everyone snapped at attention. "Hux, get up here. We're gonna go through Chrome Doll and then Baby It's Cold Outside. This USO show ain't gonna direct itself, so I better see some progress," he said, making eye contact with every member of the band. "Okay, first off, Chrome Doll." He signaled to the drummer for the downbeat and the band followed suit with the Pavlovian reaction of playing completely in sync. Ben watched Hux get up from his seat and made his way to where Phasma stood, all the while he kept playing. "Baby, when I first met you/I knew you weren't the average dame/And I just got to tell you/My life hasn't been the same..." "You flatter me with those words of yours/How will I know you'll be true/My heart's been broken too many times/And lots of boys have made me blue..." "That's why darling, stay true to me/Love me with all your heart/Won't you be my chrome doll, baby/And we'll never stay apart..." Hux raised the mouthpiece to his lips and played a solo, the music soared wonderfully with every note. Ben was thoroughly impressed- but he had a small inkling that he should be next to Hux, not Lenina. That struck him as odd, especially since "Chrome Doll" was clearly written for a man and a woman. But hey, if Lenina ever got bored with Hux, then he could always sing with her. Chapter 2 As the last strains of Chrome Doll began to fade away, Lenina raised her voice and belted out one final note- a stratospheric and somewhat operatic “ah” that brought down the house (and caused Ben to wince.) Thankfully, she made the decision of not holding it for a long time, because unlike Miss Phasma, who could sustain a high note as long as she pleases, Ben would need to take a break before attempting to play. “Well gentlemen, a few weeks ago, this number sounded like garbage. But now you see what practice can do? It sounds perfect, especially you, Lenina- that last “ah” was exactly the kind of thing we needed to end the song,” the director said as the band launched into scattered applause. “Oh, stop, you’re making me blush,” she stammered with that siren-like voice of hers, eyelashes fluttering slightly. “Unfortunately, I have to go and supervise drills for the recruits, so I’ll be off now.” She kissed both Hux and the band director on the cheek and walked out the door vocalizing softly. As she left, the director beamed, but his smile changed to a scowl when addressing the band. “Right then, the only thing we’re rusty on is TIE Fighter War Dance. It’s important that the finale is perfect, otherwise the Valentine’s dance would end up being a huge flop. Understand?” Ben found himself tempted to salute, but out of fear of being reprimanded, he simply nodded. Hux got up from his seat, the saxophone still around his neck, and faced the band. “Okay, our director here has let me pick the soloists for this number. Now, I can’t do this alone, so these three guys will have the privilege of being the warm-up to me,” he said, fiddling with the keys. Bastard, Ben thought to himself. Of course he had to give himself a solo. “Thannison, Cahuenga, and Solo, congratulations. You are the lucky winners, so hopefully our newbie won’t embarrass himself in front of the band- or fair Lenina, for that matter,” Hux teased as he sat down. Newbie? What’s he- oh. Ben understood exactly what the general meant when he said newbie. Then that means Cahuenga and Thannison are veteran soloists. As for Hux, I’ll show him that I’ve got a few tricks up my sleeve. He’ll eat his words. As the director walked up, the band snapped to attention. “Drummer, give us the downbeat, and ten-hut!” TIE Fighter War Dance is truly a unique number- it starts off with a military-inspired drumbeat but then turns into a rapid-fire swing. This is followed by a rolling bass line and a driving piano, which Mitaka played powerfully. The trombones come in, followed by the trumpets- many of the players move their hands in front of the horn’s bell to create that “wow-wow” sound, which when played along with the trombones, sounds like the roar of an engine. The saxophones come in with some trills, and finally the band plays all as one. The song is a wild, rollicking ride, almost like a race between American missiles, known as TIE Fighters, and German V-2 Schneider rockets. Thannison stands up and plays his solo; he is the V-2 Schneider rocket now. There is no mistake to be made, his alto saxophone is smooth, birdlike even, but then becomes aggressive and powerful- he’s in control, the TIE is hopeless... or so he thought. Once he sits down, the band swings right in, this is a perfect opportunity for Cahuenga to stake his claim as the TIE. Cahuenga’s trombone puts up one hell of a fight, the V-2 doesn’t stand a chance against him, and the situation is under his control now. But out of the blue comes another V-2 for the TIE to match wits with. Cahuenga is silenced by Hux’s tenor sax, and boy, is he on the warpath! He’s loud and punchy, ready to take on the world, and smash anything that stands in his way. The band is in complete awe at what he’s improvising. How is it that a skinny, six-foot-one general like Armitage Hux could make a saxophone wail? Ben hated to admit, but he was impressed by how aggressive Hux is while playing his solo. Most of the time, when solos were concerned, Hux’s were jazzy, refined, and-dare he say it- sensual. This, on the other hand, was raunchy, loud, and no holds barred- he played so aggressively, his face and fingers are becoming as red as his hair. He had his fun- time to dethrone him. Right in the middle of Hux’s solo, Ben stood up and began playing. The V-2 shouldn’t feel so comfortable yet- another TIE is about to put up a fight. His trumpet is making it clear- this sky isn’t big enough for the two of us. But Hux won’t give up just yet- the TIE will have to get through the V-2 if he wants to dominate, and it looks like the V-2 still wants to be in charge. It isn’t exactly clear if this is supposed to be a trumpet or saxophone solo- but one thing’s for sure, it’s a sparring match. Ben plays a string of notes, Hux plays the V-2’s scream as an altissimo bit. But the altissimo is quickly drowned out by a loud trumpet blast, followed by another, and another, and lastly, a jazzy bugle call. The V-2 Schneider has been shot down, the TIE is dominant- this is an embarrassing defeat for Hux. Ben comes down to Earth, winded but triumphant as the band plays a final low note, ending the song. The band is amazed; thunderous applause from both them and anyone around could be heard. “Wow.” That was all the director could say. Wow. Ben could feel some shame creeping in, he feared that he would get kicked out of the band- but he was wrong. “Solo, I don’t know what you did there, but it was like listening to one of Krennic’s viola concertos- amazing!” While the band cheered and applauded for Ben, Hux was fuming. Angrily, he began packing up his saxophone with the rest of the band and headed to the barracks. “Wow, Ben, I didn’t know you could play that well!” Mitaka patted him on the back encouragingly. “I though TIE Fighter War Dance would be a bust-I was dead wrong!” “That’s how a solo should be done,” Thannison interjected, nodding in agreement. “Astonishing!” Cahuenga said excitedly. “Thanks guys, I mean, I was just playing a solo, nothing major.” Ben felt his pride swell up inside him- honestly, he just felt really proud of himself and his playing. Not bad for a classical player, he thought. “How could you?” Ben turned around, and found himself face to face with a very angry Hux. “It was rude of you to interrupt what was clearly my solo.” “Well, think of it as karma for making me feel like an idiot.” “Karma? Where’d you get a notion like that?” “Maybe if you looked beyond your own nose and stopped playing that goddamn saxophone, we just might be friends! God, you think you’re better than anyone you meet!” “Who said I wanted to be your friend?” scoffed Hux, retiring towards his cot. “I’ll have you know that I was principal tenor saxophone in the Marine Band, and I worked hard for it until this stupid war came up! So you watch yourself, Solo- your dad’s legacy can’t save you now.” “Neither will your boasting,” Ben countered defiantly. “Hold your tongue!” “Not gonna happen.” “I am a general, you have no rank,” Hux said. “And furthermore, you have nothing but empty threats. Good night.” Hux walked into the bathroom humming the same stupid bars of “Tuxedo Junction” just like last night. “Eat my shit,” Ben muttered under his breath. “… you handsome bastard.” Ben was surprised by the fact that, involuntarily or not, his mind had tacked that on to what he had said. No matter, somehow tomorrow he would have to make it up to Hux. Even if it killed him.