Kylo opened her curtains slightly and pouted. She threw the curtains closed, and turned around facing her girlfriend. "The fucking Damerons let BeeBee shit all over the lawn again!" Hux's face scrunched up, "Ugh, are you serious?" Kylo nodded angrily and moved out of the way so that Hux could see. Surely enough there were two large turds directly in the middle of their lawn. Hux's jaw tensed while Kylo stared at the pile of shit so intently. Hux looked over at her girlfriend and snorted, "Don't tell me that you're trying to curse their shit." Kylo squinted her eyes shut and groaned in frustration. "If you'd just shut up! Then I would be able to work in peace!" "Playing magician isn't exactly what I'd call a job! Ren!" Ren threw her hands into fists and groaned to no one in particular. "Oh that is sooo like you, Hux! Maybe you're just scared of the unknown. Or maybe, you're just jealous of my powers and strength in the-" "Hoe don't do it-" "Strength in the powers of energy." Hux slapped her hand against her own forehead and tried to count to ten. Well... she tried. "You know what Kylo? You know what I think? I think YOU'RE the one who is clearly afraid! Afraid to grow up and face the world!" Poe and Finn walked out of their house holding hands. Finn tsk-ed at the sight of their neighbors bickering loudly in their living room window. "How they've been able to maintain a quality and long lasting relationship is beyond me." Finn huffed Poe snorted, "Isn't it obvious? They probably have amazing hate sex, and then make up." Finn gasped. "Poe!" Poe shrugged, "Babe, you were thinking it and you know it!" He gave Finn a pointed look, which the man refused to acknowledge. "Let's just go do what we came out here to do and pick up Beebee's old pile of shit from last night, so that we don't have to listen to our neighbors arguing about random shit!" "Well Hux, I plan to remove the shit using nothing but my powers! I'll curse them or something, I dunno give them hiccups!" "Hiccups?" Hux asked, her eyebrows rising, "How do you plan on doing that exactly?" Kylo opened her mouth to respond but the sight-- or rather, the lack of-- drew her attention away from their argument --The one that she was clearly winning. "Hux look!" She exclaimed while tapping on the glass. Hux turned and she looked shocked. "Where did the shit go?!" Kylo smirked. "I dunno Hux.. I guess you could say... Magic?" Hux gritted her teeth and turned bright red. "There's no way that you did that while we were arguing Honey ! Even someone as talented as you couldn't possibly posses the power and concentration necessary to pull something like that!" Kylo grunted and moved forward harshly smacking her lips against Hux's. Hux opened her mouth and groaned. When Finn and Poe opened their door to give BeeBee a walk, they were greeted by the sight of Kylo's head in Hux's crotch. And well... it didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what was going on. Finn made a disgusted face while Poe smirked deeply. "Well... They could've at least closed their blinds!" Finn said in a huff. They tried to ignore the pair as they walked by their house, but BeeBee moved forward and squatted taking a shit in the same place as she did before. "Beebee!" Poe scolded while Finn laughed softly. Ahh well, they'd just have to come pick it up later.. preferably when their neighbors weren't having sex in their window. Notes: LOL, this was sm fun to write tbh! I hoped you liked it! Let me know what you think! <33 Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 18 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work →