The usual blinding light of the morning sun wasn't there. This was the first thing Rey noticed upon awakening. Her brows furrowed in confusion, she sat up slowly, arching her back and stretching her arms to either side with a large yawn she didn't even try to conceal. Pink creases lined her skin where she had curled her arm under her wrinkled pillow throughout the previous night. She cast a glance towards her unfairly gorgeous roommate, Jessika Pava. The other woman was out cold, her dark hair in a fan around her head, slight snores escaping her that coaxed a smile out of Rey. With a heave, she forced herself up from the warmth of her bed and over to the one window in the room. Small white flakes floated down from the pale grey sky, kissing the ground that was already covered in them. Snow! Rey had only seen snow one other time, on Starkiller. However, she had been a bit preoccupied with the task at hand to truly savour it. All she really remembered was that it was cold. Eager to actually enjoy it, she ran over to Jessika's bed and began to gently shake her shoulder. "Jess! Jess, wake up!" she whisper-yelled. The woman opened one eye wearily. "Rey, I swear , if you're waking me up to lead me into another one of Poe's fucking pranks, I swear on the Force—" "No, no, nothing like that," Rey insisted, although the mention brought a smile to her face. Poe often liked to get Rey to come up with an excuse for waking up Jess at ungodly hours in the morning, only to have a trap laid somewhere outside for his dear friend. Last week it had been shaving cream; buckets and buckets of it. Rey rubbed her wrist at the memory of that cleanup. "It's snowing, Jess, look!" Jess grunted as she sat up, staring blearily out the window. "Well, yeah, it's winter, of cour—" She cut herself off and turned to Rey, stared at the big brown eyes lit up in excitement as understanding dawned on her. With a soft grin, she too stood up and headed towards the small fresher they shared. "I suggest you put on something a bit warmer, eh, sunshine?" she called. Rey looked over at her small dresser in confusion— short sleeves were pretty much all she owned. Jess must have sensed this, because she responded to the silence. Leaning back into the room, she smiled at Rey. "Check my dresser, third drawer down. Got lots of winter stuff in there that you'd look cute in," she said with a wink. With a giggle (and perhaps a blush at the wink plus the idea of wearing Jess's clothes , not that it's any of your business, thank you very much), Rey trotted over to the dresser and began her search. ...... Is the sound of boots crunching on snow this satisfying to everyone? Rey wondered as she took a few tentative steps outside, enveloped in a large winter coat, a red scarf, clunky blue boots and a pair of ridiculous brown furry earmuffs that elicited laughter from many passerby. (At one point, Master Luke said that the muffs made Rey looked like the General when she was 19, earning him an smack on the back of the head from his sister although she seemed to agree.) Jess trailed behind Rey, humming happily as she watched the other woman experience snow in its true beauty, beyond the danger of Starkiller, peaceful. Rey looked up at the sky in wonder, flinching only a little when a snowflake got caught in her eyelashes. Slowly, cautiously, she held out cupped hands and watched as the snow fluttered into her palms, the cold stinging just for a second as the flake melted into her skin. The trees were kissed with white, the building blanketed, the ground buried in the stuff. It had to be the most beautiful thing Rey had ever seen. She turned to Jess, exhilarated. The other woman was all smiles, cheeks flushed red from the cold and hair whipping around her face. Well, second most beautiful. "Do you want to learn how to make a snow angel?" Jess asked, breaking the comfortable silence. "A... snow angel?" Rey asked. "Yeah! Don't worry, it's pretty simple. Here, I'll show you. You just lay on the ground, all spread out like this—" Jess plopped onto the wet snow and laid back, her limbs splayed out around her, her colourful mittens contrasting with stark white. The snow continued to fall rapidly, on her face, yet she payed it no mind. Rey stared down at her, somewhere in between amusement and bewilderment. "You're getting your clothes soaked. Plus you must be freezing." "Well, yeah. Pain is beauty," Jess teased. "Now, you move your limbs in a jumping jack motion, like so." She began moving her arms and legs, snapping them together then pulling them apart again. It did look fun, Rey decided. She lay down on the ground next to Jess, the cold snow against her back soothing the aches she'd picked up from training. She began to move her arms and legs in the same fashion as Jess, looking over at her friend every so often. (Who was she kidding, it was very often and she had no regrets, none.) Her lips were slightly parted and her eyes were closed as she moved her limbs, barely thinking about what she was doing. Her hair framed her face and a few strands were encrusted in frost. To Rey, she had never looked more beautiful. "And now we sit up!" Jess declared. "Be careful, try not to stand on your masterpiece," she warned, pushing herself onto her feet at the edge of her snow angel. Rey followed suit and moved closer to Jess, huddling into her for warmth (or at least, that's what she told herself). Arms around each other, the two women looked down at their creations. Jess's was almost perfect, with the exception of a small dent in the torso from her hand in the snow. Rey's, however, looked like a blob. "You created an angel, I created a potato," Rey grumbled. Jess snickered. "I don't know, hon, she looks more like a Hutt to me." Rey faked-gasped in offense and gave her a withering look. "Jessika Pava, you are a terrible friend," she replied, though the word felt almost wrong on her tongue. Jess laughed, looping her arm around hers. "Lies and slander! But hey, no worries, sunshine; you'll get the hang of it in no time." Arm in arm and trembling from the cold, the two began to head back towards the base. Every once again in a while Rey would bashfully look over and the two would meet eyes before directing their gazed forward again. Stopping just outside of the now-white building, Rey turned to Jess with a smile. "Thank you for this. For taking me out here. It's so beautiful, a—" "You're beautiful," Jess blurted out, eyes widening at her blunder. Rey could have sworn she heard the other woman curse under her breath. With an amused smirk, she lifted Jess's chin up with her finger. "You have snow in your hair," she giggled, picking out the largest flakes. She stopped for a moment, taking in Jess's face— brown eyes filled with adoration and, dare she say it, nervousness, cheeks still red from the winter wind nipping at them, snowflakes here and there in a freckle-like manner. "Oh, you have a snowflake on your cheek," Rey announced, poker face activated. Slowly, checking for a red light from Jess, she kissed it from her right cheek. Jess's breath caught at the contact, at the feeling of warm lips, Rey's lips, against her chilled skin. "I... I think you missed one," she whispered. "A snowflake, I mean." Rey raised an eyebrow in mock-questioning, fighting to keep the cheeky grin off her face. "Did I, now?" Jess nodded. "I can feel one a little more to the left." The smile couldn't be prevented any longer as Rey took her face in both hands and pulled her in as close as possible. Their lips touched with a certain gentleness, soft yet needy. All Rey could feel and see and hear and taste was Jess , they had been circling this for far too long. Her hands slid across Jess's neck and tangled softly in her hair as the other woman's arms circled her waist. They were dragged from their moment by the need for air, leaning their foreheads together and breathing heavily. Rey was the first to break the silence, a giddy laugh escaping the depths of her chest. Jess smiled and raised her eyebrows. "What's so funny?" "We've been just dancing around this— dancing around us— like goddamn fools for so long ," Rey snorted. Jess chuckled and with an affectionate roll of her eyes, took Rey's cold hand in her own mitten-clad one and lead her into the base. "So, have you ever tried cocoa?"