Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) MK-2942 is remarkably intelligent, for a Cadet -- she knows this, because she has placed high above the rankings of the other Cadets in her unit, and she has done so with an ease that impresses the Officers. She is not a Trooper, not yet, and Troopers are not supposed to be intelligent -- she knows this, too -- but the ones that are, the ones that are can become like the Captain, the Captain who had once been PH-2762 and is now Phasma . The Officers say, when they do not think anyone is listening to them (and they are, in part, right, since Troopers are Troopers and not people, she knows this), that MK-2942 is intelligent, for a Cadet, and that she has the makings of an Officer in her. Cadets do not show pride. Troopers have the luxury of the helmets, but Cadets have no such shield -- they are not supposed to show emotion at all, though out of sight they allow the slightest bit of movement, of conversation, words murmured in low tones to one another. MK-2942 is decidedly proud that the Officers think she has the potential for rank, that maybe-- like Phasma, and a name . She feels pride when she is told that she has passed the first three stages of training with the highest marks of everyone in her unit. She feels pride when she is walked before the ranks and shown as an example to those who have fallen behind. They cannot bring glory to the First Order, cannot serve at their full potential, lacking as they are. She is what a good Cadet should be. She knows this. Following the three primary stages of training, she waits for assignment to a specialized unit. All Cadets are taught the same way, but some are more suited to be the head of a unit, and some are better with numbers, and some are better at a specific form of combat than another -- the First Order needs all of its Troopers serving to their fullest potential so that the First Order can continue its quest to bring peace to the galaxy. Each Trooper's strengths are cultivated. Each Trooper's weaknesses are crushed. She thinks they will place her in some form of command training, and she is correct-- she feels pride when she is told by a gray-uniformed Officer that she will be responsible for overseeing the primary stage of training for a new unit of Cadets. She is what a Cadet should be, what all Cadets should inspire to be-- You will be an example to them , the Officer tells her, and it is a great effort to keep her expression carefully blank. She is an example of what a Cadet should be. She will be a Trooper someday. She will be an Officer. The First Order keeps their promises, after all, and she is nothing without the First Order. The First Order takes care of its own. MK-2942 takes a shuttle with other Cadets of a similar caliber, across the sprawling base facility that trains Cadets for their eventual service to the First Order; she is given a datapad with information, and a location, and strict reminders on what she should and should not do-- but she knows all of this. She has lived it. She has been entrusted with the instruction of a dozen Cadets, a single unit, and she will not fail the First Order. The Cadets are all in primaries, the first stage of training. They come up to MK-2942's waist in height, and they stand at attention in front of perfectly-made bunks when she enters the quarters that they are to share. Six of them are Human; six are half-breeds or a more diluted mix. All twelve wear black, a First Order insignia on the sleeve and a smaller marking underneath that designates their status. MK-2942 looks at the twelve Cadets and pushes down the pride that rises up within her again and thinks, I will serve the First Order and I will train them to serve. "State designations," she orders, receives a short chorus of answers in response. They are a subset of the PK unit, serials 4766 through 4777, and she commits their designations to memory, as she dos with all else. MK-2942 is intelligent, for a Cadet, and she will not allow cause for anyone to say otherwise. "I am MK-2942," she states when the list of letters and numbers has stopped, the Cadets still standing at attention. "I will be overseeing the first stage of your training. You will follow my orders. You will speak when spoken to or when called upon to speak. Am I understood?" "Yes, ma'am," the twelve say in unison. They click their heels and salute. MK-2942 does not allow herself to smile, but her chest feels light as she pushes the smile down, away from her face. They will serve the First Order. Notes: Like I said, short. Don't worry, it gets happierish as it goes. As always, I hope you enjoyed, and comments and kudos are always appreciated! Come find me on Tumblr @floraobsidian Chapter 2 Notes: Warnings for this chapter: vague vague ish dubcon, mentioned in a hypothetical sense and not involving any of the characters present in the chapter; mentions of abortion. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) She is not sure what kind of test this is, but she knows that it is a test, and she thinks that it is one that she is expected to fail. This cannot be allowed. She is a good Cadet, and she will be a good Trooper, someday-- someday, she will be a good Officer, like PH-2762 who became Phasma. To be a Trooper, to be an Officer, she cannot fail the tasks she is assigned. It is not because the Cadets she is in charge of overseeing are inefficient, or because they cannot follow orders, or because they do not listen to what the First Order teaches. They are all of those things and more, but they are not Human . PK-4771 is only a quarter Chiss, and it is enough to condemn her within the ranks, even before she has moved out of primaries. Humans are superior -- this is what the First Order says. Her Cadets are a rarity among units, she knows this, half comprised of species not Human. MK-2942 does not believe that the First Order has lied to her about anything -- the First Order does not lie. Her Cadets are merely an exception to the norm within the First Order, this is all. Her Cadets are exceptional . This is a test, she knows it. MK-2942 is intelligent, for a Cadet, and she intends to pass this test as she has passed all others: with no mistakes. This is how it works within the First Order: MK-2942 does not deliberately look for classified information which she is not allowed to have access to, because this would be treason, and her purpose is to serve the First Order. However, she cannot turn off her ears, and there are things that she knows, things that all Cadets know, some even before they have passed out of primaries -- like how Officers sometimes snag a Trooper for their own fancies, or see an alien on the world that they are stationed on, and all Troopers and all worlds allied to the First Order must serve the First Order in all ways possible. The Officers will have their way; this is how it works. MK-2942 does not believe that duty to the First Order should be given a second priority at any moment, but Officers are allowed such leeway. Occasionally, such actions will result in something unintended, covered up with a pill ninety-nine times out of a hundred, but sometimes it isn't, and Officers cannot have bastard children to tarnish their high standing, no more than they can marry a Trooper or a prostitute. Therefore, a fraction of partial Humans makes up the Trooper and Cadet forces of the First Order, the bastard children tucked neatly into a sea of white masks and numbers and letters, where the children can serve the First Order and the Officers can continue with their lives. This is how it works. Half of the unit which MK-2942 oversees is comprised of these children. The First Order does not lie, she knows this, and she understands what the First Order has said, but her Cadets are capable . Her Cadets can serve with equal ability to all other Cadets. Their testings confirm as such. Thus, this is a test, and a test she is expected to fail, because her Cadets will not be up to standard if they cannot be up to standard as the First Order expects the to be. But they are capable. She knows this. The Cadets eat in a mess hall on the training base, twenty rows of twenty tables and benches bolted to the floor, two units to a table. MK-2942 watches carefully; they eat the nutrient paste provided and drink the water bulb and walk in organized columns when they need to move. She sees the derision of the Officers who supervise, the stolen half-glances of other Troopers when Officers aren't looking. PK-4771, of Rodian descent, skin a mottled kind of green and eyes wide and black in a rounded skull, breaks formation to hop around a foot meant to trip her. MK-2942 has been overseeing her Cadets for a month, and the results of the aptitude tests which PK-4771 has taken are equal or higher in score to that of her own. Her Cadets are more than capable. Her Cadets are exceptional. It has been a month, and she finds herself giving variations of the same speech to keep morale up in the group, disheartened as they come to know the truth which all Troopers come to know eventually, all Cadets, some even before they have passed out of primaries. "You will prove to them that you can serve," she says to the twelve Cadets standing at attention in front of perfectly-made bunks. It is morning; they have not yet left to begin the day's training. "I will not accept less." They click their heels and salute. “Yes, ma'am!” Notes: Rest in peace, Carrie Fisher, Debbie Reynolds. You were both dearly loved, and you will both be missed. Carrie, thank you for giving us cause to smile, even in difficult times. "Drowned in moonlight, strangled by her own bra," indeed. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 7 of the found families series