Prologue - Mistakes and Retribution Notes: As I was saying, Terra Nova held my hopes, because it could have had everything I wanted: Dinosaurs, action, suspens, dinosaurs, science-fiction, drama, dinosaurs. But it let me down. So I'm creating My own Terra Nova series. Bear with me, people! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The room is dark, barely lighted by the old lamps on each side of the wooden desk. Here he is, tall, old, vaulted by age, almost inhuman in his features. In front of him, Kylo Ren, a masked shadow, his back stiff and his hands turned into fists, knuckles strained white under the black gloves. “My boy, I think we need to talk, don’t you?” “I don’t, Supreme Leader,” Ren replies, his voice distorted by the vocoder in his helmet. “The First Order is the most powerful mafia in the whole place, controlling most of the goods and services we can find in the black market. You’re the richest criminal of our century. And I did my fair share of the work so the First Order can be where it needs to be.”Ren knows he’s pushing his luck. His boss raises on his feet, and walks around his large desk to fully face the man. They’re almost the same height, but that doesn’t make the Leader less threatening. Ren doesn’t shrink, but it’s sort of a miracle. He thanks the mask to protect his emotions, and waits a few seconds before talking, worried his voice would shake. “You can’t get rid of me, I’m your best asset,” he tries. “Oh, really? And why would I keep someone who shamelessly plots against me? Tell me, Kylo Ren , how many assassination attempts were your doing, this past two months?…. Ah, this silence is loud with sense, my young murderer.” The temperature in the room drops from several degrees, and Ren pales before, at the last moment, blocking a knife from behind him. His arm is deeply cut, but at least he protected his vital organs. With a swift spin, Ren kicks the assailant in the forehead and sends him fly against the wall. He hasn’t lied when he told the Leader he was his best asset. It’s not really difficult for him to defeat the other killers, but as soon as the Leader’s voice raises he freezes. “I wouldn’t kill them if I were you. Unless you want your dear husband to pay the price.” Ren grits his teeth, his knife close to one of the grunt’s throat. The Leader isn’t supposed to know, it’s why Ren called himself Kylo Ren, it’s why he made sure every trace of him had disappeared! Slowly, he straightens up, his fingers shaking with tension around the blade as he turns towards the Leader. With a swirl Ren throws the knife against a wall near his boss and snarls. “Don’t you dare… ” “There, there, I’m not interested in killing outsiders for the sake of revenge. But listen to me well. You are going to do exactly as I say, if you want him to live.” The old man returns to his large chair and falls in it with a tired sigh. “I placed a sentinel near your house. Even your safeguards can’t stop them, so I suggest you to stop your shenanigans, or else. Sit, please.” Stiff as a stick, Ren walks to one of the chairs in front of the desk, and sits down, his back straight, almost aching. The Leader smiles and starts talking again. “You see, I have friends in high places, and even if you try to be discreet, I know everything. Now, I am aware you tried to counterfeit my records to hide your true identity, and that was a smart move. I didn’t think you were capable of such secrecy. But you overestimated yourself. Though you are hard to track, it wasn’t impossible.” “Go to the point,” Ren hisses through the helmet, his foot tapping his heart’s quick cadence on the perfectly polished floor. “… Very well. You have lost, Ben Dameron . Your betrayal will not go unpunished and your days are numbered. But, if you don’t want your precious spouse to follow you into the grave, you are going to do one. Last. Thing. Just one, and then your family is out of trouble. Isn’t that fair?” Cringing at the sound of his real name, Ren frowns but stays silent, waiting for the final order to fall. Probably throwing himself up a bridge or getting rid of another mafia boss then take the blame to end his days in prison. He’s not prepared for what happens next. “You’re going to literally disappear from this world. In a few days a friend of mine will make one of his scientific researches public . It will need a Guinea pig, and you will volunteer for it. Nevermind how many will send their names, you are the chosen one! Do that, and our deal is done. Alright?” “… And what exactly is this scientific research?” Kylo can’t help but ask. The grin deforming the Leader’s face is enough to send chills creep in Ren’s back. The old man leans on the desk, as to say a secret. “It’s a hole through space and time. A portal to another dimension. Where to? Well, is this really important?” Without a warning Ren gets up and goes to the door as quickly as possible. The deal is done, but it doesn’t make it less frightening. Almost running, the assassin escapes the place, a terrible and cruel laugh resounding in his ears as he himself seals his fate towards certain death. Notes: That's the prologue, chapters will follow very soon! Chapter 2 : Bringers Of Hope Summary: Six years later, in a world destroyed by humanity's greed, Poe Dameron tries to live his widowed life. Well... he tries. Today's a special day. Notes: ok, so here begins our adventure... Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The deafening alarm starts screeching in the whole room despite the early hour, and Poe pats repeatedly his nightstand in hope to find his clock without having to open an eye. When he realizes he lost the battle already, the man groans and turns to look at his treacherous little device. He pushes the button. “I’m awake!” “ Good morning mister Dameron, I hope you slept well, I strongly advise you to hurry up, you have an important meeting today with Ms. Organa, and she doesn’t take lateness well. ” “I know, I know,” he mutters, searching for his pants. Though he loves new technology, he absolutely hates how he’s bossed around by electronic voices. He will never get used to live alone. Sitting on his bed for a few more minutes, Poe lets his gaze wander in the room before falling on the photo disposed near the bed. He takes the frame in both hands before putting a kiss on the glass. “Good morning, Ben,” he whispers against the picture. The shy, faintly smiling man hiding behind dark locks doesn’t answer, as it has been for the past six years, since Ben volunteered for this crazy, deadly experiment. Poe never understood what went through his husband’s head that day, and for so long he looked for answers he never found. He almost wants to give up and bury Ben for good. Almost. Putting the picture back in place, Poe prepares for his day, and runs through the door with a buttered toast shoved in his mouth, and his protective mask hanged around his neck. He can’t be late for his meeting with Leia. He jumps into the first tram he sees, and lets the steel snake take him to the overcrowded, decaying, poisonous city. From the car’s windows he can see the massive shapes of clouds above the buildings, never leaving, yet never spreading freeing rain on the city. It’s been a while since it last rained, mostly because of the pollution cloud.People gave up on renewable energy and preferred trying to modernize their life style to a no-return point. Poe looks as his planet dies slowly but surely, because the High Council, the World’s leaders decided it’s the era of MEN and not of NATURE. With a sigh, the man detaches his gaze from the sorry sight of evolution and concentrates on the music playing in his headphones. It takes him a while to reach the center of the city but he manages to be on time. That’s a good start. Leia Organa’s already here, sitting at a table inside a modest cafe, a bright and colored place where waiters are still polite and drinks, still drinkable. Poe sits in front of her with an apologetic smile. “I’m not late, but sorry for not being early,” he says as a joke, trying to brighten her mood. Leia smiles at him, and he knows she’s sincere even if it doesn’t reach her eyes. Few things can make her happy nowadays. “Do not worry yourself, Poe. You’re not late, and that’s what matters. I trust you’re doing well?” she asks, waving at a waiter for two more coffees before focusing on Poe again. “Well, I’m fine. Ready to actively militate against global warming and water pollution. Ready to take down those bastards and save a few more baby seals,” Poe says with a bright smile. He thanks the waiter and brings the miraculous life potion to his lips. Yiss, perfect. “How about you, Ms. Organa?” he then asks her, hoping she has some good news. “I’m…” she stops, and sighs. “I’m fine. I still don’t have any news from Han, but I’m sure he’s fine, he didn’t… He’s probably wandering somewhere and gambling in other cities with Chewie. As for Luke…” She straightens herself, hides her weakness once again. “In a few months it will be the experiment’s sixth birthday in public. Since they first used it, it never showed any sign of another side. Maybe it doesn’t have one. We never found a way to communicate with another world.” Poe stays silent. He knows how painful it sounds, he feels it , but it must be harder for a mother to say this, knowing her only child went through that awful portal. He doesn’t show his grief, however, because he can’t show any sign of weakness in front of this woman who already bears the whole world’s weight on her shoulders. She wants to save it so bad… She lost everyone in the same year, because as soon as Ben volunteered, Han returned to his old life and Luke Skywalker, the so famous priest of the Force , this fierce fighter for Nature and Peace, simply vanished, leaving his sister behind. “However,” she finally says, and Poe puts his cup down to lean towards her. “They think they found a way to determine if it’s possible to communicate. And they will try it on the machine’s sixth birthday.” “What? W-What is it?” He stutters, his heart beating fast in his chest. “They will send a group of scientists on the other side, and they will work on the construction of another portal, this one from the other dimension to ours.” Poe almost passes out. “Why? What does the Council have to gain?!” “I want you to listen to the head of the project’s speech at the High Council’s meeting,” Leia states, grabbing her pad and putting it on the table between them. “It’s confidential, so I’m counting on your extreme discretion.” But she doesn’t wait for an answer, and sends the video straightaway. On the screen, Poe can see an old man, visibly not used to wear formal costumes, but his stern look and straight posture doesn’t make place for fun. Behind him is an even older man, his face a scary parody of a human as scars and dark, embed eyes transform him into a monster. “Who are they?” “That’s the head of the scientists, Mr. Stein, and behind him, that’s Edward Snoke, a shady man, but I can’t find real proof of his crimes… He’s the man who financed the project. He’s a member of the High Council.” Poe draws his eyes back from the pad to Leia, and scrutinizes her. “… You seem to hate the man. That’s unusual of you.” Leia raises her eyes as well, and meet his. “He’s connected to Ben’s sudden, deadly choice. That I’m sure of. I just… can’t prove it.” Poe looks at her a few more seconds, searching her face, but she doesn’t want to explain further, so he has little choice but to focus on Mr. Stein. “ Ladies and Gentlemen, o ur world is dying! We overlooked the idea, we kept going on and on and so on until reality ha d to catch us back. Years, decades of neglecting our homeworld put us in this situation: Pollution, climate change, disappearance of dozens of species, fauna as well as flora! The poor are dying with hunger, thirst and cold, and the rich can’t protect themselves from new diseases, and they live in golden cages, away from liberty and fresh air! I. Say. STOP! Here is our new getaway, our new savior for a brighter future, where evolution will not mean destruction of Mankind: Space travel! After years of researches, of sleepless nights, I can finally say YES, the other side of the Portal is viable! Yes, a path has been created. Does it hold the secret to save our homeland from total destruction? I say YES! And I have a project I would like to propose to the High Council, for a more united world, and for a brighter future for our children: Let me send a group of fifty people to the Portal, scientist s , engineers, farmers, hunters, and soldiers to protect them, and they will be the true pioneers of this New World’s discovery! W ith the Terra Nova project, w e can learn from our mistakes, and it’s proven by the possibility to start again! [...]” Leia cuts the speech and looks expectantly at Poe. The man is at a loss for words. That could mean… anything . This guy wants to protect his planet. He wants to help it. Right? Now, he looks more like a Green One , a Resistant like Leia and himself. And his leader seems to think the same thing. “Did you…” he starts, but she interrupts him. “I tried but did not manage. Snoke prevents me from talking to Stein. I hoped you could infiltrate their base.” “I can’t,” he immediately replies, and she seems surprised. “Why not, Poe?” “Because I… Leia, I’m a trained soldier, I’ve been loyal to the Flag even when I enrolled under the Green Banner, and my life as a Resistant won’t stain my record.” “… I’m afraid I don’t understand.” “I will give my candidacy to this project. This is my chance to find Ben.” He suddenly gets up, his chair falling behind him and startling both patrons and waiters. Leia stands as well and leads the way to the door after paying for their coffees. Poe doesn’t give up. “Please, please hear me out, he’s out there, somewhere, alone, for so long, on this goddamned dimension, and they are sending a fucking army. I can find him, and once the portal on the other side is built I can bring him home! I… I’ll be your spy out there, I’ll still fight the good fight, Leia, that doesn’t change anything.” “OF COURSE IT’S CHANGING EVERYTHING, Poe!! You’re the last of my family! Besides you I have no one else…” Her voice breaks at the last words, and they both stop in the middle of the sidewalk, under the gray sky, surrounded by people with masks walking as if they still had a purpose in life. Poe’s frozen on the spot, gaping as Leia turns her back on him to hide her tears. When she turns towards him again, her face is dry, and her eyes are still faintly shining but hold no sign of sadness. Only a firm yet motherly determination. “I will think about it, Poe. But I can’t promise anything, you’re my best asset and I can’t afford to lose you over some deadly experiment.” “… Alright. Do your math. But I won’t die, and you can’t trust a lot of people to follow your orders so far away from our base. It’s Terra Incognita out there, but I’m fairly capable of defending myself. Just… Whatever happens, our planet is our first priority. I know were my true faith lies.” Poe hesitates, but he eventually kisses her on the cheek and smiles fondly at her before putting his mask on to protect himself from the polluted air. And with that he plunges into the crowd and puts as much distance as he can, running to the tram to get back home as soon as possible. His miserable part-time job as a private contractor won’t prevent him from jumping onto that goddamn Portal, but he has to act quickly, while he still has the upper-hand. He has to make his application perfect. They can’t reject him. Poe jumps from his bed when a new message lightens his pad up. He opens it with febrile hands and starts reading it, his heart in his throat. Then his hopes falter. He’s out of the project, they rejected his candidacy. Why? Why?? It makes no sense!! It was perfect, Poe has all they ask for! So WHY?! Throwing his pad on his bed, Poe groans and punches the wall with energy as he tries to make the pressure go away. Think… think… That’s not possible, something happened… Snoke. Edward Snoke! Leia told Poe about this man’s involvement in Ben’s disappearance. Maybe he knows Poe, and doesn’t want him to find Ben? The tanned man stops hitting his wall and starts laughing almost manically, pushing his hair damp with sweat from his forehead. Oh, sweet paranoia, now Poe sees plots everywhere. But maybe it’s true. The man is at the lead of the project, he controls everything. It would be easy for him to send someone to find Ben, and if Poe’s dear husband knows something about Snoke, then making him silent forever is the first thing this guy will do. And Poe can’t let that happen. He waited for this moment for six years. Six long years, waiting for someone to look at him with a smile and say to him Ben is on his way home . No one will keep him from having him back. So Poe grabs his jacket and mask and runs outside, heading for shady bars and illegal rings to find a way in this group. He spends his whole night looking for a way in, hanging to the thin hope to see his husband again, and he’s left in the middle of the city, empty-handed and blind with grief, despair and anger. No one can help him, right? He just has to give up and that’s it? Heading home, Poe mentally slaps himself. He’ll call Leia in the morning. He has no choice but to accept her offer. When he arrives in front of the door of his little apartment, Poe frowns. The door is unlocked. Someone’s in there. Slowly taking his pocket knife, the man quietly pushes the door open and creeps into the hall, ready to take down whoever is in. He peeks at the corner of the wall, to the kitchen… and gasps loudly when he sees who is raiding his fridge. “HAN FUCKING SOLO!” The older man drops his beer and raises his hands. “Don’t kill me, kid, I don’t have any weapon!” “What are you doing here?” Poe roughly asks, stabbing his counter in front of the man. Han looks at the knife, then Poe, before shrugging. “I wish I could say I just wanted to see how my son-in-law’s doing, but we both know that’s not true. Truth is, I heard you were looking for a smuggling through Terra Nova.” “Oh, really?” the younger man sarcastically says. “Yes, and I came to offer my help. I can do it. I can make you pass through the Portal.” This time, Poe is all ears. Notes: wooo! So much suspens, so much plot twist! ... *kof*... See you at the next chapter! Chapter 3 : Step Into the Unknown Summary: Poe's about to make the biggest change in his life: he's going to step into another dimension, and nobody can make him change his mind. Notes: Don't mind my typos, ahah, and don't mind my English! You go, Poe! Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe glares at Han as the man pours himself another beer. He has been quite elusive on his explanations, and Poe doesn’t like that. “What is it you’re hiding from me, Solo ?” “Don’t use my name like it’s poison, kid. I know you and I haven’t always been on the same page, but at least pretend you don’t want to rip my throat off,” Han replies without looking at him. “Oh, excuse me for being careful, wherever you go, there’s problems following you. You’re my husband’s estranged father. And you abandoned Leia, must I refresh your memory? She lost everything, and you decided to go on your merry way.” “Did not!” The smuggler loses his patience and fully turns to look daggers at Poe. “I did not abandon her, Poe! But it’s my fault if Ben’s gone, and I couldn’t look her in the eyes after what happened! So fuck it, either you’re coming with me, or I jump this fucking portal alone, and trust me you’d lose your only chance!” Poe opens and closes his mouth, taken aback by the sudden confession. He drops his gaze on the floor, silent, before making his decision. “Alright. I’m coming. Just… tell me what to do.” It seems to work, and Han’s expression softens. “Okay. Okay well… Chewie’s gone to meet two young people who have been accepted on the program. A girl, with some talents for mechanic, and a boy skilled in combat who works for Edward Snoke. They have some grudges with the company, and the guy seems to think there’s something shady with all this. Luckily for them I’ve been paid to look at what’s happening. But we have to move fast.” Poe nods. “How much time do we have?” “Almost none. A month and three days, barely, and I still have to make fake IDs matching with our DNA and retinal recognition. I need your real IDs and DNA, and a scan of your eyes. Then I’ll contact you when it’s done. You’d better start making your bag, look for Chewie, he’ll put you in touch with our two passengers. But don’t quit your job immediately, or you’ll be under surveillance and then you’ll be stuck. Alright?” Poe pauses for a moment, he’s afraid to understand the whole problem. “… Why?” he asks anyway. “There’s a reason your candidacy has been rejected, kiddo. And this reason is simple: you’re married to Ben.” The younger man lets himself sink in one of his chairs and takes his head in his hands. So he was right. His instincts never failed him, he should have known. A hand falls on his shoulder. “You okay?” Han says with concern. “Yeah… yes, I…” The words doesn’t come easily, “What really happened to Ben? You know the story, right? You know the truth, so please tell me? I need to know.” Han takes a few steps back and starts packing his things, and Poe knows he won’t have his answers. He could punch his father-in-law, right now. Instead he gets up to grab his wallet, his ID card, then goes to the kitchen to cut the palm of his hand, the fastest way to have DNA. Blood falls on a freezer bag before Poe seals it. “Here’s my ID card, my DNA, now get on with the retinal scanner. If you text me I’ll answer, for now I’ll just try to see the two passengers without alarming whoever’s following me. But you owe me answers, Han. And I swear to the Force you’re going to give them.” “Now you just sound like Ben,” Han sadly replies, a pained smile creeping on his face. The smuggler gets a little device out, with which he scans Poe’s eyes. The two men shake hands, and Han’s gone. The place becomes as silent as it has been since Ben decided to never come home again. With a groan, Poe throws himself on the couch and curls in a ball, hiding his face against a pillow. He did it. He’ll pass the portal. He’ll find his husband, and he’ll bring him back home, nevermind if they have to change both country and identities to live free. With this hope he falls asleep on the couch. Poe’s awaken by sudden bangs against his door, and he merely has time to sit, still rolled on his blanket like a messy burrito, before Leia barges by the door and stops in front of him. “Uh… Hi, good morning boss,” Poe tries, not fully awake. “Please, come in, would you like a coffee?” “You spoke to Han,” she says, frowning, barely containing her… stress? “He came here, he proposed you a way to go through the portal and you said yes .” Poe gets up, fights a bit with the blanket before freeing himself, all traces of sleep gone. He decides for a coffee, and makes his way behind the counter, ignoring Leia at first. But you can’t ignore Leia Organa for so long, so he sighs. “Of course I accepted. I’m going through this shit and I’m going to see why scientists are freaking out about a new Eldorado. I want to know if this is really humanity’s salvation, or if this is a dangerous waste of time. If the later is proved to be true, I’m going to get these fifty pioneers home as safely as possible. No big deal. I’ll be gone for a year, at most, and then I’m going to come home and you’ll have all the time you need to beat the crap out of me.” He then gives her a cup of coffee. Leia looks at him with wide eyes, disbelief visible on her features. But she accepts the drink nonetheless, and sits on a bar stool. Poe sighs with relief. “He sent me a mail,” she starts, eyes unfocused. Poe can only imagine her pain. “Han sent me a goddamned mail saying he’s going through the portal, too. That I should be proud of him, because he wants to right his wrongs, and this contract will permit him to do so.” She sighs, her shoulders slumping. “I’m going to get you a secret meeting with your soldier and engineer. You should have all the intel you need on the trip with their help.” Poe reaches to grab Leia’s hand, and she lets him do it. He caresses the back of her fingers to comfort her. Once he’s gone, she’ll be alone against the High Council. She’s strong enough to take them down one by one, but he’s afraid for her anyway. That’s what family’s for, right? “Thank you, Leia. It means the world to me. I’ll be your eyes on another dimension, and I’ll keep Han safe. You worry about our little planet from this side, okay?” Leia smiles at him, and her grip on his hand tightens. “Go get ready, Poe. The Resistance watches your back.” Poe’s not very at ease in the crowd, and his false glasses don’t stop bumping against his mask. That’s very uncomfortable. But he can’t back off, not now. The trip is only a few weeks from now, he’s so close to success, he can’t start being sloppy. So he waits for the two passengers to join him, impatient at the bar table. He saw their records. They’re kids, for Force’s sake, barely adults and yet they’re sent into another dimension. That’s not good. A movement not far from him cuts his thoughts, and Poe immediately stands up with a forced smile. “Hey! Long time since we’ve seen each other, right Finn?” The dark-skinned man jumps in surprise and looks at him funny before realizing what’s happening. He doesn’t seem familiar with the idea of being so careful, but he deserves a B+ for the effort. “Ah, yes, ahah! Almost didn’t recognized you there, with all the… wrinkles, uh.” Poe laughs and invites him to sit. A girl with a scowl on her face settles next to Finn, clearly not trusting Poe, and he remembers her as Rey. He can’t blame her, he wouldn’t trust a good-looking, paranoid, hiding stranger either. So, to clear the air the older man commands three beers he immediately pays for in cash, and goes straight to the point. “You’re kids. I never noticed that, before. How old are you two?” “None of your concern,” Rey snarls at him, more afraid and suspicious than mean, so he’s not vexed. “Actually, we’re adults, so it’s okay,” Finn replies more gently. Poe smiles at him. “Okay, okay. It was just a question. So, about the big jump, what should I know?” “Well,” Finn lowers his voice. “First, you’re going to be sent as a fighter, or so I understood. Fake name and all. Here’s what you need, and it’s not provided by the company so you’d better watch out for every illegal stuff, because they will search.” The kid then unfolds a piece of paper. “Ready to remember?” Poe winces and he laughs. “I’m joking, I’m going to give you the list. I just want to be sure everything is in order.” He starts reading the list and Poe listens, mentally taking note on how to hide possible stowaway stuff in all this. It’s a dull note, with obvious things in it to prepare for a trip in an unknown world, and Poe wonders if they let Ben take all this when they threw him into the portal. “So, what are you in, for? Money? Fame?” the girl asks him abruptly. Poe simply smiles. “You two were probably in school when it happened. But do you remember the first time the Portal has been used?” Rey rolls her eyes. “Of course, we’re not six years old.” “Well, then you also remember the first to go through that Portal decided to stay anonymous, so his family would not be harassed by journalists. It has been agreed, and now no one remembers this guy. He simply vanished. I’m looking for him. I can’t care less about money and fame, and I don’t care if I have to fight my way through this goddamned project. I’m going on Terra Nova.” They both stay silent, this time, and Poe’s grateful. He catches the paper from Finn’s hands and waves at them. “See you at the Portal!” He throws his glasses in a trash and disappears in the crowd. He has a lot to do. Bag of clothes: check. Formal weapon: check. Food: check. Alcohol: check! Illegal weapons dismantled and hidden in metal boxes of food: check and re-check to be sure. Poe’s ready to jump. He never felt that stressed his whole life, but here he is, trembling in his boots, his fake ID in his pocket near the gray, metallic complex protecting the Portal. Pollution seems to be thicker here, as if it’s drawn to the place by an unknown force. Maybe that’s meant to be. Poe grabs his necklace. He’s not used to wear things around his neck, but Ben had been very Religious, following the way of the Force as strongly as Skywalker. He once told Poe the Force could be found in its purest form in crystals… Poe’s currently wearing the one Ben gave him as a wedding gift, the one that spent twelve years in his nightstands. Now he understands why Ben held such reverence for the little jewel. It gives courage to Poe, it reminds him why he’s going to be teleported to another dimension. He breathes in as much as he can under the mask, tasting the foul air of his world a last time before joining Han in the long queue of people being teleported. “Nervous?” the old man asks, his eyes locked onto the security portal. “You bet I am,” Poe replies before looking at the huge, hairy man next to Han. “How you holding, Chewie?” Chewbacca, Han’s best friend and loyal brother in crimes, replies in his thick, incomprehensible foreign accent that he’s not Chewbacca but Myckayl Dvojdevyyk, a good soldier who’s been sent to protect the pioneers. Okay, already in the role. He’s right. Poe checks his false identity one more time, not as nervous as he should be about shamelessly lying on a security control. When you’re about to be dematerialized into nothingness, you can’t be worried for a little deception. He spots Finn and Rey in the crowd, but decides against going to them, because it could be suspicious. He just hopes he’ll have time to see them once they’ll be on Terra Nova. He passes his control with perfection, the fake ID a real masterpiece, and then places himself in line, too close to the Portal for comfort. He can do it. He can do this. He hears Han cuss in front of him, and suddenly he realizes the precariousness of their situation. “What’s the problem?” he asks, his voice trembling. “I think you’ve been spotted.” “What?! How?” “I don’t know, kid! But the big boss is here, and he looks really pissed. No, don’t look! Just… keep going, alright? I watch your back.” “How?” Poe feels compelled to yell, now the sound of the Portal so loud it almost hides his voice, but unfortunately not the rushed thud of boots coming behind him. A voice shouts his name and Poe’s about to turn around when a hand closes on his wrist. “Like this!” Han replies, and then… He jumps into the Portal, dragging Poe with him. Everything fades in black. Notes: whoooo another dimension!! whoooo DINOSAURS!! Chapter 4 : Crimes and Feathers Summary: Poe finally attains the promised land, but it's not without a few problems. Nothing he can't manage, really. Notes: Finally! Dinosaurs! Yeeey! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) He looks as people appear from nowhere inside the clearing, between the high leafy trees and massive ferns. There’s nothing he can do, for now, for there are too many armed men arriving at the same time, and he can only hope it will be over, soon. Dozens of humans now roam the clearing, still unsteady with the sudden rush of oxygen in their brain, and few manage to think about the breathing mask they were asked to bring. So stupid, so not ready for this world. With a sigh, the man gets up from the branch he was seated on, and starts climbing down to touch the ground. He disappears into the greenery, ready to head home. His Master won’t be pleased. Poe opens his eyes when he crashes into the ground, dirt filling his mouth as his chin hits violently a rock. Ouch, AOUCH! With a wince, he tries to get up, and weird air assaults his lungs when he tries to breathe. He finds himself falling again, gaping, his head spins and his heart is beating to fast to be healthy. But before he can do anything, a mask is placed on his head, and he breathes again his dimension’s foul air. Slowly, he comes back to his senses to see Rey above him, pinning him on the ground while Finn fights with his bag to make him more comfortable. “We, like, totally forgot to tell you the oxygen is far richer here than in our dimension,” Rey whispers apologetically. “I’m so sorry, Are you alright?” Poe nods lazily, letting his muscles relax to stop the ache in his limbs. Then he looks around him as the girl lets him go. Green, everywhere, brighter than he ever saw in real life. He can hear the sound of animals around the clearing, and the sun hits his face like an alien sensation, warm and pleasant. He closes his eyes and enjoys the feeling while it lasts. People know he’s not supposed to be here. He hoped the deception could work until the portal’s closed, and they can’t communicate with the other side, but he hasn’t been very lucky. When he looks right and left, he can’t find Han and Chewbacca, maybe they have blended into the colonists. A soldier approaches them, and Finn gets up to be face to face with him, while Rey stays with Poe. “He’s suffering from Hyperoxia, you should wait for him to fully recover if you have something to charge him with. But I feel obliged to tell you: we’re fifty guys out there in an unknown territory, and we have only each other.” “Actually, we are fifty-three,” a voice resounds behind them, and Poe sits slowly to look at the newcomer. What seems to be a General eyes them with a cold, almost inhuman gaze, his gray eyes empty of any kind of compassion. His posture is straight, robot-like, and he walks with certainty in the middle of the roots and grass. “I never thought I would have to do with stowaways, mister,” the General simply states. “It has been mere luck, and a sloppy work by security, that you are here, and you put me in a delicate position.” A terrible smile suddenly brightens his face, so fake it makes Poe’s jaw hurt just by looking at it. “But do not worry, it won’t happen again. And our young friend here is right.” He turns towards Finn. “Sir…?” Finn hesitantly asks, and Poe can see him sweating nervously. “FN-2187, you’re dismissed. See if any other colonist needs help recover from the travel. You too, young lady, I will personally deal with this .” *This* being Poe seated on the ground, probably arrested for identity theft and illegal immigration, whatever that means on this dimension. Poe’s roughly got on his feet, and he sways a little before taking another breath on the mask. He’s forced to follow the high-ranked man, and he takes advantage of the situation to look at him better. He’s older than him, but barely, with a slender built and ginger hair hidden under his military cap. Oh, Poe realizes. Shit, it’s… “You’re General Hux?” Poe asks before he can stop himself. “Indeed, I am. I’m surprised you heard about me.” Poe bites his tongue before answering. He heard about him because Leia expressly told him not to cross path with the man if he can avoid it. Damn it. Why is he so unlucky? He only finds his voice when they all stop walking. Poe can see they are at the end of the clearing, and that he can see everyone from where he stands. Groups are already forming among the colonists, by category or by affinities, and the tension is almost visible in the air. “We are pioneers. The firsts to set foot, fully prepared, on another world, ready to explore and understand it. FN-2187 is right. We are alone, and we cannot afford to lose men by mere grudges. It would be counter-productive.” Hux turns fully towards him. “Han Solo and Mieczyslaw Kashyyk, it has been easy to identify them. But I never heard of you.” “Ah, ahah, that’s because I’m not a professional smuggler,” Poe replies with a smile he hopes can fool the dangerous man in front of him. Hux doesn’t seem to buy it. But he doesn’t insist, and Poe feels relieved. “Your ID card, mister.” Poe pretends to hesitate, but he eventually gives up, drops his card in Hux’s open palm. The General examines it meticulously, and seems satisfied. “So, Mr. …Dale Hersle? Why did you do that?” “I’ve been paid by Mr. Solo to take part on his smuggling, because the man’s not young and he needs someone to protect their backs. There’s no point in lying now, right? I mean, since you don’t have a court right now, I think I’m pretty safe. But I’ll protect the colony, sir. This, I can.” Hux nods thoughtfully, before pointing at a tall blond woman keeping an eye on the last of the colonists appearing from nowhere. “You will be following Captain Phasma’s orders, from now. You will report to her at any time. FN-2187 will explain you, but do not lose time.” “FN… Finn?” Poe asks. This seems to irritate Hux. “Do I look like I have time to remember the name of all my soldiers?” he coldly throws at Poe before leaving to talk to another ranked man. Poe shrugs and joins Finn and Rey. The two are not far from Han and Chewbacca, both men attached to a tree. When Poe arrives, Phasma detaches the two men and look at them both. “Until I say so, you’re all under surveillance. You’ll follow my orders, and make up for your crimes by protecting and providing for the colony until the portal is complete and functional. Now, do remember, we hav…” A terrible shriek resounds, and all the soldiers raise their weapons. The rustle of leaves mixes with cracks around them, as trees drop enormous parts of barks. They’re not alone on the clearing. Suddenly, a little beast with long legs and a fluff of feathers runs towards them and stops, looking at them with curiosity. A soldier, the closest to it, laughs a little. “Look at this cute little thing, it looks like a tiny lizard-turkey,” he jokes with his friends. But as he’s about to approach the thing, a scientific runs out of the ranks. “Stop! Stop, don’t do this, it’s a Dromaeosauridae!” the man shouts in panic. “A… what?” the soldier asks with uncertainty. The beast opens his mouth in an instant and bites the reached arm of the soldier with strength. The man howls in pain. Poe doesn’t think twice before grabbing his weapon, and puts two blasts in the thing, which falls heavily on the ground. “Next time, doc, USE A SHORTER NAME!” “A RAPTOR!! That’s a sort of raptor!! You remember Jurassic Park ?? Well… this! And they’re always in groups!” Phasma immediately takes the lead. With a few orders, everything falls into place. The civilians are gathered together as the soldiers surround them, all their weapons drawn. From behind him, Poe can hear a nurse talk to the wounded soldier. The little dinosaur didn’t had enough length of teeth to make too much damage through the man’s kevlar. Good. Dinosaurs… “Are we really going to fight against dinosaurs?” he asks aloud, and Finn laughs not far from him. “This place is not supposed to have dinosaurs,” Phasma grumbles. “This place is not supposed to exist !” Han replies, staggered. The scientist was right. In seconds, a dozen of those tiny monsters roam the clearing, attacking from every side. They are fast, Poe thinks as he blasts one down. But eventually they manage to stop the pack, and only the weird, terrifying shrieks in the sky can still be heard. “Alright,” Hux casually says, and Poe’s surprised to see he has a smoking blaster in hand. “It’s time to think. I want the scientist who knows about dinosaurs the most right here, and I want to know everything I have to. We have to act quickly, because I’m sure if Raptors are here, then Tyrannosaurus are here as well.” Darn, Poe hasn’t thought about that. A scientist shyly approaches the General, and then he starts talking. But Poe can’t hear much, for Phasma dispatches the soldiers around the clearing, to make sure they still have time to prepare before the next attack. Han, Chewbacca and Poe are split apart, but Poe manages to be on Finn’s group, so it’s fine. He hopes. They go north, following the heavy greenery. The orders are clear: not too far, but making sure everything is fine. Everything’s not fine. There are dinosaurs in this dimension. Like. Real Dinosaurs . Poe’s terrified, but at the same time he’s never been that excited in a long time. Besides, there’s another side. Ben might have survived. He’s smart enough, and too much of a nerd to having been killed by dinos. Right? With a discreet, relieved laugh, Poe cautiously combs the whole area, letting Finn take the lead. The boy’s not bad at that. He searches every hidden place, marks the spots with rocks firmly planted in the ground instead of cutting the bark of the trees. “You know,” Finn starts without looking at him. “The place is huge. And if it’s filled with dinosaurs, I think we’ll have a hard time.” Poe immediately understands what he’s talking about. “Don’t worry. We’re champions. We can manage,” he replies with a confident smile. They try not to start at every crack, every rustle, and soon the group is relieved to come back to the clearing, proudly announcing they found nothing. The scientist does not seem as sure as they are. Poe puts a reassuring hand on his shoulder. “Don’t worry, doc. We’ll manage to survive the big bad T-Rex. I’m Dale, what’s your name?” “… Mark Fisher,” the man replies, putting his glasses back in his pockets. “As I was saying to the General, the Tyrannosaurus is not the most dangerous beast in the place, even if it’s the Apex Predator . There’s so much fauna here, more than I have thought possible. And it’s not the past, it’s another dimension. Who knows what else can live here?” Poe doesn’t miss the glance Phasma throws at Hux. She has a worse poker face than the General. Though Hux doesn’t rise to his Captain’s concern, the soldier clearly sees they’re hiding something. “Listen up, everyone. Our best chance to stay safe this night is to find a grotto or to sleep on trees. Not too close to the crown, yet not too low. The guard will be two time the previous announcement, and our gear is now a necessity to survive. Kevlar can, at least, protect from the small animals. As for the bigger ones… I suggest we don’t wait to see.” And just like that, he makes a sign towards the forest and everyone follows him. Everyone… but Han, Chewie and Poe. “Did you see that?” Poe asks the smugglers. “I saw that, yes,” Han mutters. “They know something we don’t.” “Don’t you think it’s time to tell me what you know?” A long silence stretches between them as they make their way behind the colonists. But eventually, Han has to talk. He does. “I know nothing about dinosaurs.” “For Force’s sake, Han!” “Don’t use that term!! …Remember I told you ‘twas my fault if Ben disappeared?” “Of course.” “Well… that’s because I… I’m a smuggler, Leia knew that, right? And Ben wanted to help. So I taught him how to do it. Well, at first he wanted to be like his mother, so he helped animals be smuggled back to where they belonged. He was fifteen, I found that cute. When he met you I thought he stopped. Well… I was a goddamned idiot.” He stops for a moment, waves and smiles at the soldier who eyes them suspiciously. But the man doesn’t try to stop them, so Han starts talking again. “Truth is, I learned way later, and of course way too late, that he had stepped onto the next level.” “What?” “Your husband had blood on his hands long before you two married, boy. But when I learned that, he was already trying to get rid of his boss, because the guy was a menace , I quote. And he got caught, and he’s been sent on his hellhole.” Poe’s head feels suddenly too heavy for his body, and he sways a little, fighting to stand still. He stops walking and leans against a large tree, looking up to try and fail to guess its height. He can’t think, right now. His husband, the love of his life, was killing human beings for a living? “...What are you talking about?” He abruptly asks Han. “What? What I’m saying is…” “No, What you’re saying is stupid, Han, Ben is Leia Organa’s son , not a wicked version of his father, of you! Don’t mix up everything! You can be guilty, you always have been!! But Ben? How dare you?” The man blinks a few times, looking at him like he has a third eye. Well, Poe’s not the one being weird! What is Han talking about?! That’s stupid! Ben’s not like that. He’s not. Suddenly leaving his father-in-law and his stupid ideas behind, Poe catches up with the group and makes himself a place between Finn and Rey. He doesn’t need lies. He needs good news. He doesn’t get some. “Can you feel it?” Rey asks suddenly, throwing the two men off guard. “… What?” Finn looks around them. “We’re not alone here. And I don’t talk about nightmarish pets. I’m talking about… Someone human… I think? Like… Someone with a presence I can feel from miles away. It’s… unsettling. You don’t feel it??” And without a warning, the girl falls unconscious between her friend’s arms. Finn shouts. That’s… Definitively not Poe’s best day. (velociraptors. You can find everything you want on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Velociraptor ) Notes: I wanted to introduce the raptor first, because *everyone* loves raptors, right? I LOVE them, and they were so many species of raptor, that's soooo cool! Well... they're nothing like the ones in Jurassic Park, but I wanted to make them as close to reality as possible, so they are deadly cute. I'm not a real scientist, so here's the part where I apology for every pre-historical mistake I can make. Just... remember it's another dimension *sweat* all images and most of the informations I use are from Wikipedia, just follow the link at the end of the chapter. See ya! Chapter 5 : Those from this World Summary: This new land is full of surprises Notes: Heya! I have so much to do, yet, but I'm looking at videos on youtube, and scrolling on sites about dinosaurs, that's bad! Aaanyways... Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) They move into the forest as silently as they can, Poe and Finn staying close to the only vehicle that passed the portal. Rey’s on it, near the piles of metal and technology, still unconscious. As much as Poe’s worried for the girl, he can’t help but be more worried for the whole group, as the immense, surreal forest cracks and lives around them. Hux didn’t even stop when the girl fell, and now the colonists are throwing scared glances towards them. A doctor’s currently examining Rey, stating she has nothing, and shouldn’t have fallen unconscious. Talk about reassuring. A noise louder than the other resounds not far from the group, and all the soldiers grab their weapons and go into formation. Why would anyone send them in the middle of a damned forest? It seems without an end, they’ve been in here for hours. Poe doesn’t turn to see how Han’s doing. He still can’t believe what the old man has said. Liar. “What was she talking about?” Poe starts in surprise and turns around to look at Finn. The darker man has his eyes locked on Rey’s motionless form, his brows knitted together with anxiety. “Don’t worry, buddy, she just has a hard time adjusting to the new world. In a few more hours she’ll be up and whining about the place.” He laughs, but its quickly covered by a bizarre mooing. Phasma gestures at her men to stand still, and two girl scouts get out of the ranks to investigate. Poe stays close to Finn. “What now?” he mutters. “I hope it’s eating plants,” Finn replies, and they both chuckle. More alarmed cries are heard before the girls come back. They stop before Hux and Phasma and one of them nods. “These things are herbivorous. But we better watch out, they seem dangerous.” Hux makes a clicking sound with his tongue, visibly irritated, before he turns to Poe. “You, Hesler, you’re going with Dr. Fisher to see if he can recognize them, so we can know more about the threat.” Poe nods and smiles at the doc. The man smiles back, a gleeful smile, and he immediately leaves the rank to almost run to the sound. The soldier’s forced to quicken his pace to catch with him. “Hey, careful!” “I think I know what this is!” They stop at the fringe of a clearing where a herd of little, thickset dinosaurs busies itself with eating ferns and plants. They are colorful, delightfully cute with their large neck frills, Poe thinks, and they look like a cattle of sheep. “That’s protoceratops,” Fisher softly says with excitement. “I’m so happy I’ve been chosen for this expedition!” “Are they dangerous?” Poe asks. “Yes, they are, but not as deadly as velociraptors. As long as we stay out of their territory, we should be fine. They won’t attack us. I hope.” “You hope ??” “Try to guess animal’s reactions based on their dead and clean skull , Mr. Hesler, and if you manage to do it, then I’ll give you the prize of best scientist in the world!” Their bickering draws one of the dinosaurs’ attention, and the two humans retreat a little farther away. As Fisher readies himself to go back to the colony, Poe’s eyesight is caught by something unusual in wild forests. He turns to look at the scientist, who seems oblivious to his concern. “Hey, Doc.” “Mh?” “Come here a second?” Poe suggests. Fisher agrees to follow him, much to Poe’s relief, and they skirt the herd to attain the other side of the clearing. Poe can know fully see what had bothered him: marks. Not just marks . It’s a regular pattern, like symbol forming sentences he’s unable to understand. “What’s that?” He hopes Fisher can at least know what this is, with all his knowledge. “I… Honestly have no idea. That’s no dinosaur marks. Or we may have missed a more intelligent one.” “Is it possible?” Fisher throws a glance at him. “… No.” Oh. Poe could have figured it out by himself. He’s also a little disappointed, and freaked out all the same. There’s people out there. There’s actual people who haswritten this! So it’s possible to live in the middle of a dino-infested forest! So Ben may be here, surviving. Maybe he’s the one marking the trees. “Mr. Hesler, are you alright?” Fisher asks gently near him. “Mh? Oh, yes, yes I’m fine, I’m… I was wondering about the marks.” “Well, let me copy them on my sketchbook, so we can think about it with the colony.” Poe nods and lets the scientist approach the tree. But as soon as they’re very close to the bark, a click resounds near them, and they’re hauled up in a large net, thrown in the air in an instant. The trap hits the trunk of the tree with a thud, and Poe feels the scientist go limp on to him. “Aouch! Doc! Oh, please, be not dead,” he hisses, his right shoulder and arm aching. He’s not sure he can use it, and he hopes nothing’s broken. Poe tries to catch his blaster, but the position prevents him from even attaining it, because he’s stuck under the unconscious scientist. He shakes the man, but no response. Oh, he doesn’t want to scream, what if something big and meat-eating hears him before the colonists do? What if it’s not humans, but dinosaurs able to make traps?? Now he’s hyperventilating, and it’s utterly counterproductive, but Poe doesn’t have any idea on how to escape this nightmare without killing himself or the doc because he can’t catch himself if the net breaks. He’s… trapped. He’s trapped and he’s fucked, and he can only pray the Force or any deity out there that the colony thinks they’re taking too much time to just recognize dinosaurs. Please? He closes his eyes and tries to even his breath. When he opens his eyes again, his heart nearly stops. Above him is a dark, cowled, human figure, his face hidden behind a mask of bones. He’s skillfully standing on a branch near the net, cocking his head as if he’s looking at some weird animals. Poe is stupidly gaping, unable to find anything to say . There’s a lot of choice. You are you? What are you? Please let us down! There’s a colony at a hundred meters north, so I suggest you’re letting us go and explain yourself! Or even more stupid Do you know someone called Ben? Unfortunately nothing comes. Poe’d rather die on the spot than scream in terror, but the sight is enough to make him pale. Without a word, the human gets down from the tree, not bothered by the close presence of protoceratops on his heels, and he cuts the rope holding the net. Poe feels himself falling. “Hey, wait…!” He hits the ground hard, and blacks out. When Poe opens his eyes, he’s obliged to blink a few times to adjust to the ambient darkness around him. The sounds around him are creepier, and the air is cold. It’s nighttime. Darn. Poe tries to get up, but he puts his weight on the wrong arm and groans in pain. “No, don’t try to move,” a familiar voice says, “It’s badly bruised and sprained, but fortunately not broken, so I suggest you don’t make it worse.” “Doc?” “Yep. Still me, still alive. I’m sorry, you took the worst of the fall, and though you were unconscious only for a couple of hours I feel really bad. Is there anything else that hurts?” Poe checks himself as much as he can with his arms painfully tied behind his back, and shakes his head, as relieved as Fisher seems to be. “No, I’m okay. Thanks, Fisher,” he sincerely replies. “You know, I think we’re over surnames. You can call me Mark.” “… Alright. I’m Dale, then!” Poe cheerfully whispers. Someone hits the cage they’re tied in, and Poe pouts, looking around him. They’re still in the jungle, but a denser part of it, and he can feel the cage move like it’s pushed by some animal. Do these people live with dinosaurs? What are they? What are they doing here?? “Stop talking,” a voice demands, rough behind a mask. They speak English. That’s… good to know, Poe guesses. He turns to look at where they’re going, and is stroked by the most unusual sight he’s given to see. Their cage is on a cart pulled by a dinosaur . What’s that, a triceratops, or something? He looks at the guy near the cage. “Hey, who are you?” he tries. He gets no answer. “You’re not supposed to be here. Are you from this world, or…? Oh, come on, you can answer, right? You can?” “Excuse me,” Mark calls out too, and the soldier is relieved to have some help. “…Is this a Centrosaurus, you have here? How did you manage to tame it?” Poe sighs. “You’re not helping, doc.” “I’m just asking.” “Can you both shut the hell up ?” Their jailor says with a sudden, harsh tone. The two prisoner jumps in surprise. “If we’re attacked, it’s going to be your fault. Why do you think there’s no fucking light ?” They all fall silent. Poe can hear a “noobs” whispered somewhere around them. They must be numerous, for all he knows they’re at least three: the guy near the big dino, the one near them, and the guy who called them noobs. Who call people noobs , nowadays? But with this he’s sure of one thing, they are from his world. They’re colonists. They’re just not supposed to be. The soldier decides to make himself scarce for the time being. They’re walking for a while, now, if what Mark said is true. And they are far from the colony. Well… His colony. They finally stop. With a wince, Poe adjusts his position to see better, but he doesn’t have time, for they are drawn out of the cage and thrown carelessly on the ground. With an ouch , Mark and Poe manage to sit on the ground, surrounded by blasters and daggers. They’re in another clearing, this one made by human hand, and their captor are four. It’s okay, Poe thinks. He can do it. He can survive. He crawls a little farther away from the beast’s feet, and cocks his head in defiance. “Who are you, people?” “You are the one answering our questions, heretic! And if you’re proven worthy, then we will let you live.” Poe’s taken aback. He was not ready for this kind of response. As he’s about to talk, one of the men crouches near them, and royally ignore Mark to focus on the soldier. His neck, precisely. He tears off the leather lace around Poe’s neck, taking his crystal, and Poe shouts in anger. “Hey, give that back!!” The man presses his hand against his mouth, shushing him, but that doesn’t prevent Poe for trying to kill him with a glare, squirming against his restraints. “Where did you find that?” The man asks. “None of your concern, heathen,” Poe bites back behind the gloved hand. The man stands up, his masks bent down towards the jewel in his hand. “It doesn’t matter. Soon, we will know.” And before any of them has time to talk again, a terrible screeching resounds around the clearing. Arriving at an alarming speed is a monstrous bird-like dinosaur, its head confined in an armor of bones, as well as its flanks and tail. From its mouth are visible, sharpened teeth, worrying the leather of the bits. And on the top of the gigantic raptor is a man covered in an armor of bones, his face hidden behind a horned mask, painted in black and red. A nightmarish vision where bones and metal mix up to create the most terrifying totem Poe had ever seen in his whole life. He stops to look at Poe. And stands still for the first time. I’m so dead , Poe thinks. (Protoceratops. You can find everything you want on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Protoceratops ) (Centrosaurus. You can find everything you want on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Centrosaurus ) (dakotaraptor. You can find everything you want on https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dakotaraptor ) or go check http://www.prehistoric-wildlife.com/ ! Notes: Heeeere we go! Chapter 6 : The Missing Star in my Blackest Nights Summary: There's a bigger threat than dinosaurs in the forest, and Poe faces it with courage. Notes: DAMN this is going to be all angst and fluff in seconds, because I LOVE this fucking ship. Total OTP. Yep. Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) This can’t be him . Kylo’s eyes, behind the mask, are locked on the tanned man kneeling on the ground. He’s older, dirty, his hair is a little longer and he seems exhausted, but it’s him. Poe, his beloved husband, the love of his life, with a terrified look on his face. He doesn’t wonder why. Kylo spent nearly six years working on his presence , so no one would dare challenge him. It’s working. His dakotaraptor is doing most of the sight, actually, but, hey, what no one knows can’t hurt, right? But seeing fear and hate on his lover’s face, on the features he never managed to forget despite the years of brainless survival, of fanatical obsessions of revenge… It makes him want to rip his face off and throw himself to the raptors. Quickly, he turns towards the nearest of his men, and reaches for the necklace he practically rips off of the man’s hand. Poe kept it? He thought he’d never see it again. Again, Poe has never been a Religious man, so it would be fair he took it for a desperate mission only. A mission he was not supposed to be in . Cold rage washes through Kylo as he glares at the scene before him. His beloved, and another man, on the ground, nearly crushed by dinosaurs, and none of them is the girl he felt through the Force. With a jerk of the raptor’s reins, Kylo turns his mount to face his lieutenant. “I sent you for One. Simple. Task, lieutenant, and yet you managed to fail it.” His voice resounds in the air, deformed by what’s left of his former mask, what hasn’t been destroyed by… Well. “They were numerous, Master, and we followed them for hours but…” The man stops mid-sentence. With a gesture of his hand, Kylo leaves him chocking on the ground, desperately gasping for air. Poe and Mark shout in surprise. “I am fairly disappointed in you, my Knight. Maybe next time I’ll have to ask someone more competent.” And he lets go of him. His lieutenant stutters gratitudes for being alive, but Kylo doesn’t listen to him anymore. Once again he can’t help but look at Poe, tries to remember exactly how he looked like all these years before and to guess what changed. But in the night, with the blood from his mistreated lips, and the bruise on his face, it’s hard to see. With a discreet sigh, he forces himself to stop looking at his husband, and focuses on the crystal. It’s powerful, here, just as his own became a jewel of Pure Force when he passed the Portal. Kylo evens his breath. He can’t afford to be sentimental in this dimension. It would sign his death warrant. “Where are you heading?” he absentmindedly asks the prisoners. “We don’t know,” Poe replies in all honesty, and it disconcerts Kylo to see there’s no trace of deception. “We’re following orders, and we’re following the colony, which itself follows its superiors. You really didn’t think it was going to be this easy, did you?” There’s venom in his voice, a poison crushing Kylo’s heart, something he never heard before coming from Poe. And through his lover’s eyes, he sees what he really is. A monster. So be it. There’s greater consequences than being hated, right now. He has to stop the colonists. They can’t be here. “They’re of no use, Master,” a feminine voice states next to him, and Kylo turns on his saddle to look at another of his knights. He hadn’t heard her arrive, he should pay more attention. “Should we kill them?” “No,” he manages to say without shaking, his eyes avoiding Poe as much as he can. “No, they can be of another use. This one,” he gestures to Mark, “He’s a scientist, he worked on pre-historical fauna and flora most of his life. His knowledge will be appreciated. As for this one,” he doesn’t even try to point out towards Poe, “…He’s no threat.” “No threat?!” The soldier barks, insulted. “I’ll show you if I…” Kylo shushes him gently, and in the instant the tanned man falls heavily on the ground, unconscious. When Mark gasps at the sight, Kylo knocks him out too. Soflty, he brushes past Poe’s mental barriers, now completely down, and drinks in the memories he can find. Loss, suffering, but also hope. And a gentleness so bright it hurts Kylo to the core. So, he never knew. He never suspected Ben to hide his true nature, to be a monster under a sheepskin. Kylo feels ashamed to have hidden a part of their life to his love. There’s no going back, now. If Poe learns what he has done, what he still does, then Kylo will lose him forever. There’s nothing he can do to avoid that. He shouldn’t have seen him like that in the first place, he shouldn’t have seen the darkness in his heart. Yet he did, tonight. I’m sorry, my love , he whispers against Poe’s mind. For so long you were the missing star in my blackest nights, and yet I can’t hide away under you light. Kylo then pushes the necklace into the hands of the woman next to him. “Give this back to the soldier. I need the girl to find it,” he shamelessly lies. She simply nods and fastens the leather lace back where it belongs. “They will be our messengers. They know nothing of us, nothing of our power, our strength, our knowledge of this place. But the colony will be warned: they’re not alone, and they’re not safe.” Without another glance towards the prisoners, Kylo spurs his mount and disappears into the greenery. Poe wakes up to the sound of voices, and his brain alarms him he’s not alone. On his mind prints itself the sight of the terrifying monster behind a mask, saddled on a giant raptor, and he winces and squirms. He snaps his eyes open. He’s on the net. The fucking net! Mark’s completely out, pinning him to the bottom of the trap, and they’re balancing dangerously high. Poe stops breathing. Oh god. Was it a dream? He suddenly recognizes the voice not far from him. It’s Finn. Finn! Poe chokes out a whimper and tries to yell, but so far he only manages to pin himself more dangerously under the scientist. Force’s sake. The Force . The soldier grabs his necklace and feels the rough knot where it had been ripped off from his neck. So that was true. The frightening idea of men roaming the forest, able to choke people without laying a hand on them, is enough for Poe to succeed shouting. He feels the net going down, and braces himself for the impact, but his fall is slower than the first time. He feels hands loosening the ties of the net, and Mark is pushed from him. He can breathe again. To his surprise, his eyes are met by two night-blue jewels, half hidden by strands of ginger hair in total disarray. The General doesn’t smile, but he sighs with relief, Poe notices. “Well, it seems you can’t help but put yourself in troubles wherever you go, Mr. Hesler.” Finn laughs, nor far from his superior, and Poe accepts Hux’s hand to get up. “Excuse my French, sir, but we’re in deep shit.” Hux raises an eyebrow, and forces Poe to shut up with a lifted finger. “Not now, not here. It’s still night, we’re not in a safe place. Follow us, we found a cave a few kilometers from here. It’s time to go.” Poe goes to help Finn carry Mark, but the young man seems to manage on his own, so the other soldier doesn’t insist. He follows Hux. “Why… I don’t want to be disrespectful but… Why is the General in the middle of the forest at night to save two mere colonists?” “I’m not alone, we are four, though the two others are doing a good job at keeping the dinosaurs at bay a little farther on the road. And I’m here because it seems I’m literally the only one who can manage to evolve in a jungle. Are you satisfied?” Poe’s taken aback. He’s glad Hux didn’t let them to die, and he’s pleased the General’s not too angry at him enough to throw him to the wolves. Well, the raptors, actually. “I must admit, I’m impressed, General,” Poe sincerely adds. “I get this kind of reaction quite often, actually.” Aaaand the charm is broken. The General’s still a prick, but Poe can’t stop smiling. He’s alive, and he’s not a prisoner. They find the two other soldiers and make their way to the cave, Hux seeming to know the path by heart, and the others following him without an ounce of hesitation. When they finally arrive, they are welcomed by doctors and soldiers, Phasma taking care of everyone in the cave. Poe finds himself in front of a bowl of mixture he can only hope is edible, and throws a glance towards Rey. She’s on a sleeping bag, still out. Finn sits near him with a sigh, and Poe smirks. “Already tired? At your age?” “Shut up, don’t make fun of me,” Finn replies lightheartedly. “You scared the shit out of me. I thought that, after Rey…” “Hey, you’re losing no one,” Poe says, putting a hand on the younger man’s shoulder, a reassuring smile on his face. He sees their superiors approach. “Got to go, I have a report to make,” he adds, lifting himself from the ground. Finn gives his hand a faint squeeze before letting him go. When Poe stops before Hux and Phasma, he’s relieved to see there’s no animosity in their eyes. Just concern. He makes a quick salute, then starts talking. “We’re not alone on this jungle, sir. There’s other humans, other people from our world.” He hesitates, tries to act detached. “I knew there’s been someone that has been sent here, years ago. Everyone does. But these ones? They’re numerous. They tamed dinosaurs, their leader uses a giant raptor as a mount, I don’t know what this is, maybe Ma… uh… Dr. Fisher can say more about that. But they were looking for something they didn’t find.” Phasma and Hux exchange a glance, the same Poe noticed in the first clearing, and he manages to hide his concern. “I see,” Hux simply states. “Anything else?” “Said leader used… well I don’t know what he used, but with a clenching of his hand he made one of his men choke out like he was strangled, but without touching him. I don’t like the idea. Oh, and I fell unconscious without having been hit, actually. So, either they have an unknown technology, or we may face space wizards.” He shrugs. What can he say? He’s not even sure they will believe him, so he acts like he doesn’t believe it either. Except he does. Faint whispers run the back of his head, and although he’s afraid to listen to them, he’s sure it’s linked with the man leading this group of psycho-killers. When he comes back to reality, his superiors are looking at him like he’s the crazy one. That’s insulting. “I’m… I’m just stating what I saw, nothing more. … Sir.” Before Hux can talk, Phasma takes the lead. “And everything will be duly noted, Mr. Hesler. Thank you for your report. I suggest you take something to eat, then go get some sleep. We will complete your statement once Mark Fisher awakes.” Poe nods, unsure, and leaves the two soldiers. He hopes they will trust him. When he comes back to his bowl, Finn is talking with Han. Clenching his jaw, Poe grabs his food, but before he can walk away a firm, large hand falls on his arm. Chewbacca looks at him for a few seconds before simply saying he’s really glad Poe’s okay. The soldier’s a little surprised. “I… I’m actually glad, too.” “Finn told us you ran into some troubles,” Han adds, and he looks concerned as well, enough for Poe to lower his defenses, just a little. “I’m fine, Han, thank you for your concern. But I’m not made of sugar. I can manage. This is only bruises, I’ll heal.” “So… There’s people here?” “… Yes. Crazy psychopaths following a mysterious man. And weird language on trees.” “How weird?” Poe thinks about it. How weird? He then shrugs before eating a mouthful of the mixture. It’s actually good. Han doesn’t push the conversation further, and he’s glad for that. Poe eats quickly before heading back to the entrance of the cave. The colony made a good job at hiding it, preventing exterior fauna to see the light inside. With a sigh, Poe rubs his neck before climbing on top of the grotto, and sits near the soldier on guard duty. “Can I?” “Sure,” the man replies. Poe smiles and looks at the sky. Without the photopollution around the world, it is clear and bright, full of unknown constellations. A star in the blackest night . Poe frowns. The whispers in his head won’t stop. I’m sorry, my Love . Notes: Ahah! mystery, surprises! Ah! DINOSAURS *hem* See you for the next chapter! Chapter 7 : Settling and Unsettling Summary: Looking for water and supplies, the colony is forced to quit the grotto and venture further into this strange dimension. Mistakes are made, places are discovered, and secrets are unveiled. Notes: Woah, this one took a lot to make, and more to publish! Sorry, hehe. Anyway. Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe wakes up to the sound of insects singing outside, and the soldier suddenly sits up, dizzy. He doesn’t remember having fallen asleep. His arm still aches, but less than the previous night, which is an improvement, and activity not far from him comforts him in the idea he hasn’t been left behind by the colony. That, or he simply didn’t sleep much. He stands up, stretches his body to make tension go away, and finally he looks around him. Han is talking with Chewie, away from the rest of the colonists, while Finn stays at Rey’s bedside. The girl still hasn’t woken up. “Look at this, Dale, isn’t it fantastic ??” Poe jumps and violently turns around, only to find himself too close to Mark, who startles in surprise as well. “Aaaah!” Mark shouts, attiring some of the soldiers’ attention. “Ah, didn’t mean to… scare you I…” He quickly changes subject, while Poe tries to even his heartbeat. “Look at this, it’s gorgeous.” Poe lowers his gaze to Mark’s hands, where the scientist is delicately holding a massive, colorful dragonfly. “That’s not new, doc,” the soldier replies with a smile, admiring the insect. “We had the same on Earth, a while ago.” “Not that big, and without wings this strong. This little girl can fly to a speed you can’t imagine.” “Oh, I’m sure.” He follows Mark to the cave’s entrance, where the scientist lets go of the dragonfly, talking about prehistorical insects and their impact on the ecosystem’s future, and about something related to bees, but all Poe is focusing on is the flock of weird little birds on the trees around them. They don’t look like birds, though. “ That’s a sort of little pterosaurs, maybe nemicolopter … ” Mark starts, raising his eyes as well. “I don’t care, doc,” Poe interrupts him with a smile, without moving his glance away from the birds. “Is it dangerous?” “It’s eating fruits. Maybe insects? I don’t think they’re dangerous. With their number, they would have attacked us by now. Besides, look at them, they’re adorably tiny.” Poe shivers, looking at the things on the trees. They are not so big, considering everything he knows about dinosaurs had to be seen less big. Like… raptors. But still. “Everything here doesn’t want to kill you, Mr. Hesler,” Mark gently mocks him. “Ah, wait to see their larger cousins, and you will have something to whine about!” He laughs. “But as I was telling the General earlier this morning, if these little cupcakes feel safe enough to stay in the same spot, then it means we are also safe for the time being. So today we are going to find a spot to settle our colony and prepare defenses against the fauna.” Poe can’t believe this. “You called these things ‘cupcakes’??” “That wasn’t the point, Dale!” The scientist sighs and walks away, Poe sniggering behind him. But the man is right. It’s time they settle somewhere, and be prepared to face their foes. Every enemy, human or not, is a threat for this mission. Entering the grotto, Poe goes right to Finn, who still watches over Rey, and crouches near him. The girl seems feverish, now, trashing in her sleep like she’s stuck in a bad dream. “Will she be okay?” he asks the dark-skinned man. “I… don’t know,” he sighs. “But the General’s words are clear. We can’t take the risk of dragging her around like that. So… I’m staying here, with her, and I’ll wait for her to come back before joining you.” “What?! That’s nonsense! You two here, alone?” Finn nods with certainty, and Poe feels stupid. Of course, he should have seen this coming. Rey has been a priority, the day before, because she could have been sick and put the entire group in perils. But now, she’s only a liability for everyone’s safety because she’s unable to fend for herself. “I… Alright,” he simply replies. “Do you need anything? We’re going to swap bags, because I have a spare weapon in here, you just need to assemble it. And I’ve got food and all that stuff. Here, let me give it to you.” And the soldier rushes back to his sleeping bag, grabs his bag and returns at Finn’s side. The young man is smiling, not at all unnerved by the idea of being alone around dinosaurs. Poe gets rid of his gloves to start taking everything out with care, checking the extra he managed to smuggle. “Here, my gun’s in these two boxes. It’s powerful, so be careful, okay? And this is protein bars, and this...” He makes an inventory of everything he has, makes sure Finn is following. The boy is staring at his hands, so he must catch on everything. After he’s done, he puts every extra inside again, and let Finn take every personal stuff from his own bag. Once they’re ready, Poe hears the Captain call every soldier out. It’s time to go. “Be careful, pal. Once we’re settled, I’m coming to see if everything’s fine.” “Don’t worry,” Finn replies with a giggle. “I’m ready to face space wizards.” Poe pales. Oh, he heard. He shakes his head. “ Be Careful ,” he repeats. Better be safe than sorry. Then he gets up, puts his gloves back on his hands and joins the rest of the group. He feels bad, for leaving people alone, but to her credit, so does Phasma. Hux is, as usual, unreadable. They leave for the West side of the forest, Mark Fisher assuring they will be near a river, and out of the greenery. Near a river means close to dinosaurs, but they can’t do without water. After hours of walking without a stop, scouts far ahead of them to watch out for unwanted company, they manage to leave the forest for grasslands. Poe’s eyes widen at the sight, for they are way closer to the ocean than he suspected. A hundred meter from them is a cliff leading to an endless ocean… a dozens of giant birds soaring in the sky, diving behind the cliff only to fly up higher than ever. They. Are. Monstrous. Taller than Poe himself, taller than the Captain even! Mark is laughing not far from him. “I told you you were going to whine!” The soldier takes the tease well. He preferred the little birdies in the forest. The sight doesn’t make Hux stop, he looks at the hectares of plains, lost in his thoughts. “We are going to stay here?” a farmer asks, and other colonists start talking and whispering between them. Hux turns around to face them. “I don’t see any reason why. It’s a death trap, stuck between a forest and a cliff, and the aquatic pre-historical animals are not nicer than the terrestrial ones.” “But,” Mark tries, approaching, “This place seems healthy, we are near the junction between a river and the ocean, which means food and water. Besides, dangerous terrestrial animals don’t often go near cliffs, because unless they are really hungry, they won’t trouble themselves with trying to catch pteranodons. And these majestic beasts? They eat fish! They are dino-seaguls! They don’t even have teeth.” Poe looks around him, and he’s surprised to realize he agrees with Fisher. If they want water they’ll have to settle next to a watering point, and if this is too close to the forest then they will be surrounded by dinosaurs of every species. Here, they have a clear view on everything coming out of the greenery, they have seemingly healthy soil, water, fishing point and what can attack them from the cliff can attack them from any kind of place. Sooo… “We’re here only for a year at most, General,” Poe sides with Mark. “Here is a good spot, we have everything we need until we finish the portal. Then, if the big boss wants us to settle elsewhere, well… we’ll do it. Right?” “Aren’t we supposed to stay close to the place where we appeared?” A colonist asks. “That’s nonsense,” Hux replies with a scowl. “The place is randomly chosen, because we don’t have any coordinates on this planet, we have to chose them. For all we know we could be where China is in our dimension.” He then cuts every discussion. Poe’s starting to wonder how the hell they will manage to come back. Nobody except Hux and Phasma know how the first portal has been created in the first place. After a few words exchanged between Hux and his Captain, it’s decided. They will stay here. As soon as the words come out, everything falls into place. Even the most reticent of the workers goes immediately on his task, twenty men and women going to the forest again to gather wood, while the soldiers and last colonists start planting stakes wherever Hux wants to. Soon, Poe finds himself with a shovel in hand, and without a second thought he pitches in on the work. In only a few hours, tents are settled, as well as domes of rocks where campfires will be hidden in, and the first trees are ready to be cut to spikes. It will be a few days before it starts to look like a real camp, but Poe can’t be happier about the place. The pteranodons turn out to be great neighbors, if a little loud, but their nests are far enough for the colony to be safe from the noise. Besides, Mark seems sure they won’t stay there for too long, only long enough to nest, and then offshore they go! Such… weird things. And they’re not alone, a flock of other little pterosaurs are enjoying the sea as well, creating a deafening shambles on the oceanfront! So far no sign of T-Rex, or velociraptors. From where Poe sits, taking a break farther away from the colony, he can see the head of long-neck dinosaurs with weird features eating branches in the forest. Everything seems so normal, all of a sudden, and Poe takes his necklace in both hands, playing with it for a while, looking at this extraordinary ecosystem around him. Insects seem the same as home, but the rest? His thoughts drift towards Ben, and these whispers on the back of his mind. He almost forgot them, with all the work he had. But now, in the silence of idleness, all he can think about is this. The men in the forest, and his Ben somewhere in this dimension. He hopes the transfer isn’t too random, because it would mean he can be very very far from his husband. No bad thoughts, Poe , he chastises himself. He’s around here. The soldier hears a sound, not far from him, and turns his head to see Han settling next to him. The man looks dirtier than he’s ever been, but despite the obvious tiredness he seems content. “Where were you?” Poe asks. “I started the colony’s defenses, planted a few spikes and we put a watchtower in place. It’s just… Ah. You can’t see it, from where we are.” “I saw a part of its construction,” Poe admits. “It’s basic, but it will be enough for now. Good job. Where’s Chewie?” “He wants to finish the camp’s protections,” the older man laughs. “He doesn’t know when to stop.” Poe finds himself smirking, against better judgment. He’s still pissed at Han for thinking Ben was in illegal affairs. Sure, he didn’t know how to keep a steady job, and wasn’t the best at having a normal life. But he can’t be a killer. Han seems to hear his thoughts. “Say, I’m sorry about earlier. I didn’t mean to upset you, it’s just… ‘M not good with words,” he remarks. “Thanks, I noticed.” They sit in silence for a while, looking at the giant dinosaurs eating trees under the faltering light, before Han finds his words. “You were talking about a strange language, right?” he suddenly asks Poe, who startles with surprise. “I… yes, I did, but…” he stutters. “Was it looking like this?” And from the collar of his shirt, the smuggler gets a necklace out and unfastens the tie to place it in Poe’s hands. Poe blinks a few time, bringing the crystal up to his eyes. A piece of jewelry almost like his, if more rough on the edges! Before he can talk, the older man turns the crystal upside down to force him to look better at its base, a metal ring holding the crystal to the chain. It’s stamped with the same strange letters he found in the forest. (Nemicolopterus, I present to you the "cupcakes") (Pteranodons, their giant, cringeworthy cousins) (Alamosaurus, the weird long-necked dinosaur) Notes: At this point, you'd know I love letting shit happen and never resolve them. That's my thing. But don't worry! Everything will be explained! See ya! Chapter 8 : The Hunters Among Us Summary: Finn and Rey are left alone by the colony... Notes: Woaaah, it seems it's a eternity since I have posted a chapter! Eh, studies tend to do that to a person. But I'm still here and alive, don't worry! I'll try my best! Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn pokes a branch from the fire crackling in front of him. It’s not particularly cold outside, and even less inside the grotto, but the young man’s afraid for Rey, and decided better than to let catch a sickness on what she already has. She’s not trashing anymore, she finally fell asleep, but her lack of response unnerves Finn more than anything. As stupid as that sounds, he can’t, and doesn’t want to, continue this adventure without her. She’s the one who incited him to give his candidacy, and if it wasn’t for her he’d just had given his resignation letter and left the place without looking back. But. She wanted to be part of this. And here they are, left behind by the colony, at least for a few days, and waiting for Rey to wake up from whatever this coma is. With a loud sigh, Finn grabs his water flask and checks the water supply they still have. A lot. The General had been nice enough to make sure they don’t need to leave the grotto. The little dino-birdies are still here, squeaking and ‘singing’ and living the lives of little birdies. Now, Finn can say without a doubt: they eat insects. Oh, he’s so bored. He goes to sit near Rey, and closes his eyes, patiently waiting for his girl to wake up. Rey looks frantically around her, searching for a light, a noise, something to grasp on, so she can find her way back. But this unrelenting force compressing her lungs, her brain… she can’t think, she can’t move, she barely breathes. Make it stop, make it stop! Rey opens her mouth to scream, and fog fills her mouth, threatening to choke her as she struggles to free herself. Is she going to die here? Alone, in the dark and silence? A voice cuts through the fog. “Breathe,” it commands, as her restrains cower and back away in the dark. A light appears in the horizon, so bright and so sudden, so violent it makes her close her eyes. “Wake up.” With a shout of pain, Rey snaps her eyes open. Finn startles when he hears Rey, but in seconds he is near her, searching for any kind of injury, soothing her sweaty, terrified face. “Hey, hey Rey, it’s okay, it’s just us, shh, you’re fine,” he whispers to her, trying to calm her. Eventually the girl stops trashing and hitting her friend, looking around her. She looks so lost, it’s painful. “Where are we?” she asks with a hoarse voice, sore with the lack of proper hydration, and the long hours of coma. “We’re further away in the forest… in a grotto.” “Where… the others?” Finn hesitates a bit before handing her a flask of water, urging her to drink slowly. She doesn’t, and ends up coughing miserably, falling on her sleeping bag with a dramatic sigh. “I thought I was dead,” she confesses, so lowly Finn almost doesn’t hear her. But he does. He catches her and cradles her in his arms, leaving her time to recover from what she experienced. “When did they all leave?” “Yesterday,” Finn replies. “But Poe said they will come back for us once they’re settled. So it shouldn’t be long. But they couldn’t travel with you. I mean…” “I was a liability,” she finishes, and he nods. “I still am,” she sighs between his arms. But she’s glad he’s here. Her personal guardian. Lifting her head to see him she smiles, and he smiles back, relief visible on his features. She frightened him, that’s bad. Finn’s a brave man, but also a little too much on the soft side, whether he refuses to harm someone or tries to fight every corruption around him. What a cutie, she thinks. As she’s about to kiss him a creature runs into the grotto, and both humans stand up with cusses and curses escaping. The creature’s not big, but again so was the raptor, so maybe everything tiny here is dangerous. It looks like…. A goose-seized ostrich? Maybe a little larger? Rey frowns, feeling the animal’s distress around her like it’s tangible. She quickly understands something’s wrong. “He’s not alone,” she suddenly presses, and Finn jerks his head to look at her. “What?” “He’s not alone. He’s hunted down. We need to go, we’re not safe!” And without further explanations she grabs her sleeping bag, skillfully rolls it, letting Finn gather their water and food. They are ready to live in one minute, but that seems like an eternity… and clearly not enough. A terrible roar resounds near the grotto, and the little bird-like dinosaur starts screeching in panic, trying to escape further down the cave. Before any of the two humans manages to attain the large entrance, a monstrous three meters high T-Rex like creature runs inside, his large mouth closing way too close to Finn for comfort. “Finn!” Rey shouts before she can stop herself. Agitation seems to confuse the monster, as it’s now not only one but three potential preys that moves around it with shouts and fear. It doesn’t seem at ease in the restrained environment, so it decides for the prey the closest to the entrance. Finn grabs his blaster and shoots at it, but he only manages to hit the little horn on the top of his nose, thus making it angrier and prone to defend itself. Rey jumps on Finn and makes him fall away from the dinosaur’s sharpen teeth, and she then grits her teeth when she sees the other dino-bird fleeing at the other side of the large entrance. Damn. They’re alone. Finn gets up quickly and grabs her wrist, forcing her to run behind him. “Run!” “I was running before you decided to become a dino-snack!” she snaps back. He’s always the dramatic one. She could have sighed, if she wasn’t saving her breath to run for her life. Behind her is roaring the monstrous thing, running so close to their heels it’s a miracle it didn’t catch them up already. Finn turns in bushes and narrow trees lines to try to lose it, but so far he only manages to win them a few breaths ahead of it. Rey feels her legs giving up, exhausted by the lack of food and water in her system, and her head still hurts like hell. Everything around is either too cloudy or too sharp and precise. She won’t last long. She tugs at Finn’s hand, unable to ask him to stop. If they stop, they are dead. Powerful jaws clasp near her, and suddenly the girl lets go of Finn’s hand to get away from the gigantic head. With a shout, she rolls on the bushes, hearing Finn yell her name with despair. At least the dino seems more interested in her than in Finn, maybe he can get away. Just before she tries to get up to avoid the monster, she feels the same presence as before her coma, and she feels dizzy. They are observed. The monster towers over her, slick trickles of drool falling on her face as it leans to her, its teeth too big and too tainted… A blast resounds, and the creature staggers away with a pained scream. Rey rolls over to dodge its unsteady paws, and quickly gets on her feet, looking for Finn around her. He’s against a tree, heaving, his blaster shaking in his hands. She runs to him. “You alright?!” he urgently asks. “I’m fine, I’m alive,” she frantically replies. He hands her another weapon, this one not regulated for their trip. “How…” “Questions later. Fight, now.” Rey snaps off the gun’s security. In front of them, the dinosaur recovers from its first injury, its face half burned by the violent blast. Rey leans a little against the tree, trying to steady her hands as she feels herself fainting again, her feelings as raw as her surroundings. Why is everything so loud? After seconds of insufferable silence and low snarls, the dinosaur finally gives up and turns around to walk away. The two humans fall heavily on the ground, trying to recover from the sudden rush of adrenaline. “There wasn’t supposed to have this kind of things so close to the grotto,” Finn whines. “The scouts made sure of that.” “I think he’s been guided to here,” Rey replies between ragged breaths. “WHAT?” “The presence I felt before I passed out, it was here, too. And the little ostrich? Don’t you think it’s weird it found the cave’s entrance despite the fact that it was almost undetectable from the outside? And why would a dino this big enter a grotto just for a chicken?” Finn falls silent. Rey doesn’t know why she has this feeling, but she knows they’re being hunted down by something else. Something far more dangerous than this… T-Rex...ish thing. She can’t think, she can barely make up sentences to answer Finn’s concerned questions. What are the questions, again? Her vision is clouded again, and the voice resounds in her head, loud and clear. “Don’t give up, yet.” “ Wake up! ” She turns towards Finn and smiles weakly at him, trying to be reassuring. “Please be careful,” she manages to say before falling again. Finn gasps in horror as he watches, helplessly, Rey fall on the ground. “REY!” he shouts, desperate, as he lifts her in her arms. He has to go back to the grotto, he has to find a way to contact the colony! Finn looks around him, and hopes he can remember the way back, before he start walking, carrying the unconscious girl in his arms. He can’t lose her, he can’t do it without her! He cusses when he realizes he has no idea where the grotto is. Damn. It’s a relief they grabbed all their belongings before running away. With a sigh, the man walks slowly between the trees, following the broken branches the dinosaur let behind it when it was chasing them. Maybe it can lead him near the grotto. Finn can still hear the weird chirps and quacks of those birds in the trees, now the only sound surrounding him. He startles every time a branch cracks, and he can only hopes it’s not the dinosaur coming back, for he is unable to fight it while taking care of Rey! Oh, he’s so doomed. He raises his eyes towards the trees, trying to catch a glimpse at the little dino-birds. “You wouldn’t make yourself useful, would you?” he asks, and of course they don’t answer him. Silly him. He finally attains the grotto, and practically runs to it with a cheerful laugh, but he immediately stops as he spots movements behind the protection. Is it the colony? His instincts are telling him he has to run, but he can’t, not with Rey in this state. Instead, he precociously puts Rey on the ground before drawing his blaster. He then talks out loud. “This is FN-2187, from the 7 th battalion, please identify yourself?” Good enough. Waiting for an answer, Finn re-thinks about what Poe has said when he came back from his misadventures. Space Wizards . Enemies in this dimension . Oh, he’s so f… A man pushes the destroyed remains of the protection and gets out of the grotto, covered in black, a thick armor recovering him. His face is hidden behind a mask, and his height is enough to make him look menacing. Finn hesitates before shooting. “Friend or foe?” he asks. The man doesn’t answer. But he unsheathes his weapon. The dark-skinned man immediately fires. The energy bolt rushes to his enemy… only to be stopped mid-air between the two men, crackling with intensity. Finn gasps and steps back a little, protecting Rey as much as he can. “What are you ?” The man doesn’t reply, instead he calmly walks around the still unmoving bolt and stops in front of Finn. He cocks his head on the side, the unseeing gaze of his mask directed at the now sweating soldier. Then he talks, his voice inhuman, evened by the electronic vo-coder. “… You love her. She’s everything you have, and you are everything she has .” He stays silent for a while, and eventually he nods. “You will live, FN-2187. I assume you have another name?” “Why should I tell you my name?” Again, the man doesn’t answer, he sheathes and he goes and crouches right next to Rey. Finn closes the gap between her and himself, protecting her. “Don’t hurt her.” “I won’t. She has yet to understand the way of the Force, but she is strong with it. I can help her.” Finn looks at the man with wide eyes, not trusting him a bit, but what choice does he have? There’s no one but him, and there’s giant dinosaurs ready to transform them in lunch. Is this guy his only hope? That’s complete bullshit. “I can’t trust you.” “But you don’t have any choice. I’m the only one who can help you.” “Oh yeah? Prove it.” It was meant to be a taunt, Finn thought the guy would never do something to prove his good faith. But he does. He takes off his gloves, then reaches for the clasps under his mask. And under it is the most unexpected face he has seen. Soft features, dark eyes, a strong nose and big ears… apart for the scar gashing his face almost in two, this guy is human. More than that, he looks… childish, with his constant pout. After seconds of gaping like an idiot, Finn feels stupid and lowers his eyes, only to face the man’s hands, still holding the fierce looking helmet. He notices the ring. The same as… Finn’s eyes raise again to the man who still focuses on Rey. “You’re the man Poe is looking for.” The bolt explodes against the grotto’s wall. Gorgosaurus ( the hunter) Orodromeus (the prey) and of course our little nemicolopterus are here =3 Notes: Ahah ! I wanted to write about Poe and Rey for a while, and they are a part of my fanfic, so, why not? Again, still not a lot of dinos, but I have to work on the plot! See you for the next chapter! Chapter 9 : Betrayal Summary: Poe's life takes a turn for the worst as he discovers more about his husband and this place. Notes: wouh! Another chapter! Whou! Enjoy! Poe blinks a few times as he crosses his eyes on the crystal, completely lost. Why does Han have this? Why is this language on it? What’s written? He raises his glance towards Han, dozens of questions in his eyes. The older man tucks the necklace back around his neck. “That’s a gift. From Leia. A wedding gift, actually,” he laughs. “A family thing, I guess.” he shrugs. “For our ten years anniversary, she offered me the metal thingy around. Real silver and all that shit. And this weird alphabet engraved. She told me it was written ‘I love you’ because it was the first words she pronounced when she realized she was truly loving me. But she said it was in this weird letters because this type of symbols were in strong resonance with the Force.” Poe stays silent a moment. That could only mean one thing. “Ben wrote this, ” he whispers. “Ben graved this tree, not so long ago. He’s still alive, still in the area, and he’s probably fine.” He looks at Han’s face, to find confirmation to his words, but so far the man is just closed and frowning. “Say something, old man, you know more than you admit!” “I already told you, but you don’t look like you understand it! If Ben’s here, it’s more probable he’s with these guys out there in the middle of the forest than gently minding his own business and acting like a Disney princess! Goddammit, Poe, open your eyes! He spent countless hours outside, sometimes days , and he was coming home with cash ! I’m sure he wasn’t paid to help grannies cross the road! He’s a killer, boy, but nobody realized it because he had a mask transforming his voice.” Poe ticks at the last words. A mask able to transform his voice? “…What?” he asks, just to be sure Han said those words. “He was hiding under another identity. Uh, he was working for the First Order, you know, the mafia? Under the name Kylo Ren , or so I’ve been told. He’s been very skilled at keeping everything secret, but you can’t hide from this psycho, Snoke.” Everything is too much to bear for Poe, and he ends up taking his head in his hands, trying to block out everything. That can’t be real, that can’t be real. Ben’s a sweetheart, shy and sometimes awkward, but with a beautiful smile. Sure, he wasn’t really… stable. And his anger issues and tendencies to depression weren’t good memories. But he wasn’t a killer. But Han seems sure. And he gives so much information, he couldn’t have invented it. Right? Still, the soldier can’t face what he said. He can’t imagine his husband taking someone’s life without batting an eyelid. Or maybe he’s just unable to face reality. Ben was always traveling, without saying where he was going. He would sometimes come home hurt, but he’d never tell Poe how he did it. Force. Poe had been a fool. From the beginning, he has lied to himself, he kept the good and hid the bad from his husband, helping him comfort himself in the role of a homicidal maniac. And Poe has been blind to all of that. A low whine escapes the soldier’s throat, he can’t control the shaking of his shoulders as he tries to keep the tears at bay. Not now, not here. Not in front of Han. Sucking a sharp, ragged breath, he raises his head and looks at what’s left of the sun. “Why am I here, Han? What am I doing in this forsaken place?” Instead of answering, the old man simply shakes his head and places a hand in Poe’s shoulder. They sit here for a moment, looking at the sun disappearing behind large forests and mountains. A soldier approaches them from the colony. “Sirs, the Captain wants to see you. Please, follow me.” And just like that he turns away and leaves without waiting for them. They exchange a glance before standing up to head back to the colony. The trip home is silent, the soldier guiding them with a flashlight. But Poe is sure they would have found their way only with the sound of their obnoxious neighbors. These birds never sleep? They eventually find the little and, if not well built, protected colony. Phasma is waiting for them in front of the main tent. She gestures at it with her hand. “This is where our comatose engineer will sleep. It’s protected, and with the colony well prepared we can make a trip to go get them tomorrow in the morning,” she explains. “I understood you were concerned for their safety, Mr. Hesler? I propose you to accompany us. Two soldiers, you and me. Some of our builders even constructed something to transport her if she’s still weak or feeling unwell.” “You’re going to get them?” Poe asks, surprised. He thought they would never burden themselves with that. “They’re still part of our army, Mister,” she replies, deadpan. She then turns towards Han. “As you’ve been of great help to start the construction of the colony, I hereby offer you a job as one of our builders. We can’t trust you enough around technology, but you can busy yourself with fences and spikes and buildings. What do you say, Mr. Solo? The same has been proposed to Mr. Kashyyk, and he said yes.” “Like I have a choice,” Han mumbles. “You could be full-time prisoner,” She offers without batting an eyelid. “Building sounds fun!” Han then adds with a smile. He shakes Phasma’s reached hand. “It’s settled, then. I see you in the morning, Mr. Hesler.” She leaves. The soldier stays with them in an awkward silence that stretches until Poe can’t bear it anymore. “So, friend, where do we sleep?” he cheerfully asks the soldier who stands awkwardly near them. The man seems to wake up from whatever mental slumber was hitting him, and he salutes the two men before nodding. “Follow me, sirs.” Poe sighs as he guides them towards the tents. He stops near their own, that had been already settled for them in the soldiers area. Poe smiles at him. “Thanks, that’s perfect,” he says with a wink. The man finally leaves them alone. “I thought he would never go the fuck away,” Han sighs. “I’m gonna check on Chewie, be sure he’s okay.” Poe nods, looks at his father-in-law going in the camp before he decides to crawl into his tent to get some sleep. He needs his beauty sleep if he wants to be useful for Finn and Rey. Besides, there’s not much to do in this dimension, once the sun is down. What a crappy life. Poe doesn’t want to be here anymore. He wishes he never knew there was a chance to find Ben. He wishes he never knew anything about Ben. Poe kicks and screams as he’s dragged on the ground, tied and unable to free himself. Around him are faces graved on trees, noises in the bushes and growls in the night. Whispers are heard, but he can’t see his assailants. Suddenly they all stop, and Poe is carelessly thrown on the ground, his mouth filling with dirt and leaves. A hand grips his hair and yanks his head back, forcing him to open his eyes and look. The man is here, in front of him on his giant raptor, covered by a thick armor of bones still dripping of fresh blood. Poe jerks his head away from the hand holding him and tries to straighten himself as he glares at this monster disguised as a man. “ I’m not afraid of you,” Poe barks, anger and panic flowing through him even if he tries to stay unfazed. “ Oh really?” replies the deformed voice under the mask. “You should be, Poe Dameron.” He raises his hands and takes the mask off of his face, revealing what Poe never wanted to see. Ben smiles at him. This mischievous, half hidden smile he was so good at doing. “ You should be afraid.” The morning sun is barely visible when Poe wakes up from his nightmare, a scream dying on his throat and his hair stuck on his forehead with sweat. The soldier groans, closing his eyes so tight he sees light dancing behind his eyelids. He didn’t need that. He didn’t need to see the face he loved for years hiding behind the mask of a killer. But it was likely he’s one of these men. He needs to get out of here. He has to get back home, tell Leia he’s sorry, maybe hide the truth from her. He needs to get back to what’s important. Right? Getting on his feet with a huff, Poe stretches his back and gets out of his tent. He sees people wandering silently in the little camp, making breakfast and whispering to each other as the rest of the colony is still sound asleep. Phasma is here, already giving orders to soldiers. She seems surprised when he approaches her, still half asleep but already up. “What… We’re not leaving before another hour, Hesler. What are you doing here?” “’Can’t sleep.” “I see,” she simply says. “Well, since you’re up, I suggest you grab something to eat, and after that I want you to check on the security perimeter. It will give you time to adapt to the place, and be sure nothing got past us.” “Roger that, Captain,” he salutes with a smile before going to the large campfire. Near it are plates of fruits and cooked fish, and things Poe can’t recognize, but he eats anyway, needing his strength to help his friends. He’s hoping Rey and Finn are fine, and that the enemies are more interested in the colony than in two separate people, all alone in the forest. He wolfs down his breakfast and smiles at a young girl shyly looking at him. She must be no more than twenty-five, and she left everything to make the first farm in another dimension. Courageous girl. Waving at her, he leaves the campfire to check on the colony’s securities. Everything’s perfectly in place. A little pterosaur made its home on the tower facing the forest, but since it’s not bigger than a dog, it should be fine. It’s not a pteranodon, at least. He throws a berry at it, and the thing dives onto it and grabs it with ease. He could get used to it. To these things. It’s been so long since he saw real, colorful animals. After his tour of the colony camp, which grows faster than he expected, he joins the Captain to deliver his report. Nothing unusual, and the tall blond seems to relax. “We’re leaving the place to get FN-2187 and his engineer home. Are you ready?” Poe nods and looks at the soldiers accompanying them. They nod too. Phasma leaves them for a few minutes, surely to warn Hux of their departure, and they can finally make way towards the forest. Poe is pulling the little carriage-thing they made for Rey if she doesn’t feel fine, or to gather supplies for the colony if she can walk. Either way is fine for Poe. They walk back the same way they used to find the coast, following little marks on the trees left by colonists at the first trip. He’s glad they did that, because he can’t recognize the place. Sounds resound everywhere, like in a jungle full of unknown creatures. Chirps, squeaks, gobbles, and sometimes screams fill the forest around them, taking the soldiers on edge as they carefully walk into the greenery. Phasma suddenly stops them with a raised hand, looking around her with her brow furrowed. Alarming sounds they know are resounding not far from them. “Velociraptors,” Poe whispers, and Phasma nods. They must be at least six to make so much noise, and they probably found a prey. “We should go around them and leave them alone,” a soldier suggests. The captain throws a sharp glare towards him. “And what if that’s our colonists?” she asks. The man finds nothing to answer. Poe lets go of the carriage and grabs his weapon, ready to fight. Those velociraptors are not that hard to fight, and Finn is armed, but better be safe than sorry, they have to take a look. They crawl to reach the sound, and observe the scene in front of them. A large T-Rex like thing is lying on its flank, heaving with difficulty as it tries to keep the group of little raptors at bay. They run around it and scream at it, diving their sharp claws in its flesh every time they can, and it kicks faintly. A velociraptor lies not far from them, bleeding heavily. But the T-Rex thing won’t have long before it will eventually lose the fight. They are relentless. “Wow. Never thought I would see so tiny creatures attack a thing this big. Is this a T-Rex?” a soldier asks, and the others shake their heads. “No idea, mate,” another man answers. “But they didn’t damage it that bad. It was already dying.” He then gestures at the larger beast’s head. “Look.” Poe squints at the animal to have a better look at its head. And he gasps. A large part of its face is badly burned, so much it’s still a miracle the thing survived. “They are resistant,” he whispers. “What sort of hell can do that to a beast this big?” “A blaster,” Phasma says without looking away from the scene. It’s painful to watch. “It has been injured by a human hand. We should move out before all this noise attracts more predators. Or bigger ones.” They all agree and crawl back to where they are. They have to act fast if they want to find their friends in one piece, because no one is stupid enough to wonder who could have injured this monster. Finn and Rey are in trouble. Now practically running towards the cave, Poe leaves the carriage to another soldier and scouts the road ahead of them. The grotto is near. He calls out for his friends once he arrives in front of the hidden cave. The leaves at the entrance have been torn and destroyed, leaving the world to see what’s inside. Fucking nothing. Poe groans and kicks a rock, looking at it rolling towards the wall. And something catches his attention. Inscriptions on the wall. Poe frowns. This is better and better. “They took everything,” a soldier reports, getting out of the cave. “There’s nothing left inside. Maybe they fled the T-Rex?” “No,” Poe replies. “They have been taken. Those guys I saw? They were here.” He shows the letters on the wall, unable to translate it. But it could only mean one thing. Ben was here. Poe feels rage and betrayal boil in his blood. “What do we do, now?” the soldier asks quietly near him. Phasma is a little further away, scouting for traces. “Now? I’m going to get them back.” Poe says with a smile, hiding his anger. “After all, they’re part of the family, right?” They are, he thinks to himself. He can’t let his past destroy his present. He’s going to save them.