O̍̃ͬ̈́ͨͪͫ̅ͬͨͫ̃͏̗͙̳̫̬N͋ͮ̾ͪͨ͛̎͂ͨ́͏̡̖̰̩̫̞͖̮̦̩̩͕̝͎̯̬̭͝E̷̢̥̻̰̹̲̗̟̘̺̼͓̖̘̅͗̆͂̅ͨ͒̈ͮ̾̄ͩͫ̍̿̎ “You never leave your house, and I love you.. okay you believe that right? I love you so much, but I don't want you to live like this anymore! It's just not fair to yourself! You should go out and see the world and-” “I can see the world quite nicely from my computer, thank you very much.” Benny's face flushed brightly, “My house is clean and predictable.” Phasma gave her friend a sad smile, "But see Benny's that's the problem. Life wasn't made to be predictable! It's meant to challenge you, it's supposed to scare you." Benny stared at her blankly. Phasma pouted before sighing. Benny was never going to listen to her, she needed help and Phasma didn't want to stop being her friend, but maybe this was the only way that she'd get it. “Benny. We're done, I can't be your friend anymore. I can't keep watching you destroy yourself. You need help. A-and I want. I want to help you so badly. But you won't let me!” Benny said nothing, her eyes hardened and she folded her arms. “Well. If that's the way you see it.” Phasma opened her mouth to say something but decided against it. She grabbed her things and gave Benny a long sad look, one Benny purposefully ignored. Phasma walking out the door, feeling sorry for the both of them. Benny fell to her knees and cried. Chapter 2 : T̨͙͇̘͕̥̱͓̦͇̰͈͙͈͖̉̈́͂̈̽ͨ͆́ͤ̃͋̿̅̏́W̢̬̼͎̬̗̻̣̻̖̼̤͈̓̅͛̈́ͦͦ̽̈́͆̅͝Ǒ̶̍ͤ̓ͯ̍ͬ҉͚̟̮̩͖͕̦̘͇̰̤̳͍̩̀ͅ Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) She cried for what felt like three hours, but was only ten minutes. She got up and decided to bathe. She walked to her bathroom and started the bath before heading off into the kitchen to grab a bottle of wine, she opened it, and took a sip from it. Not even bothering to pour any into a glass. She took one long appreciative look of her home and exhaled. Her home wasn't too big. And it wasn't too small. It was her 1200 sqft safe haven. There was a guest bathroom, an en suite bathroom, a nice sized kitchen, her main bedroom, and her office. Hux was a dollmaker who specializes in custom made electric dolls. The dolls could be made to look like anyone. Black, Asian, short, fat, tall. She has even made a few dolls for girls and boys who have down syndrome and use a wheelchair. Her job was simple and she felt blessed to be able to give children something meaningful and beautiful. And because of her work, she never had to leave the house. She didn't want to anyways. There was nothing nice about the outside. There were bugs, and diseases, and people. People were outside. Phasma’s outside. Her mind supplied uncooperatively. She sighed as she entered her bathroom. Placing the bottle of wine on the floor next to her bath, she slowly shed off all of her clothes and tried not to think too much. Thinking is what gets her in trouble. Once naked, she slowly stuck her foot in, wincing slightly at the wonderful burn of the heat. She put her other foot in the bathtub and slowly lowered herself into the tub. She sat back against the wall, and let her head fall backwards. She blindly reached for the bottle of wine. Taking one long gulp she tried to picture what she was going to do for the rest of the evening, but couldn’t. Her head already feeling dizzy from the wine. She stayed in the tub, drinking wine, until her skin felt dry and her mind felt numb. She got out and dried herself off, throwing away the empty bottle of wine. She went into her bedroom and pulled on comfortable clothes- well all of her clothes were comfortable considering that she never had to leave the house. She was too tired to eat really, so she decided to get into bed. She grabbed her laptop and watched it hum to life. Her background photo of her and Phasma… taken inside of her house. Benny groaned and grabbed at her face, she could feel tears prickle the back of her eyes. “Well, fuck I’m a loser aren’t I?” She said to no one in particular. She chuckled to herself licked at the tears that were now falling down her face. She opened chrome and googled, “How to how to no longer have anxiety and no longer hate myself as much so that i can have friends and be loved by someone who truly cares for me so that i won't die alone and end up rotting inside my house?” “It’s not like google’ll have an answer.” No one can help me now. 1 result (1.2 seconds) “Huh?” Benny scooted closer to the screen. She rubbed at her face, it felt grimy from crying. “The Real Girl - A Girlfriend for You” Benny read aloud before scoffing. Shrugging to herself, she decided to click on it anyway. When the sight opened Benny laughed quietly to herself. It was clear that the site hadn’t been updated since the early 2000s. In bright, pink, and bubbly letters the title read, "ROMANCE ACADEMY" Directly underneath it there was a giant purple heart and inside it said, "Learn how to become a love warrior!" Benny scoffed, she was about to close the tab and go to sleep a drunken and lonely mess when the image of what she guessed the main character of the game popped up. The character was pale, and had bright freckles all over her face. She had thick hair that was dyed pink, Benny guessed that her original hair color was probably red- considering the freckles and pale skin tone- She had bright eyes that could be blue or could be green depending on her mood. She was wearing a giant bow in her hair that looked like wires. She was wearing a sailor moon inspired outfit and it was short, showing off her pixelated figure quite well. The text directly underneath it read: Huxxine. Huxxine, huh. Benny's hand seemed to have a mind of it's own as it scrolled over to the download button. The part of her brain that wasn't completely wasted figured that downloading an old program would probably bring viruses to her computer, but the part that was blissfully drunk and alone told that part to shut the fuck up. The program took no time to download and Benny quickly clicked next, next, next, -without reading the long ass contract - the finish button appeared and right as she clicked it a giant flashing window appeared. Great, it's a virus. STOP AND READ IMMEDIATELY! THIS IS NOT A VIRUS! Benny snorted, did these people think she was stupid? I AM THE CREATOR OF THIS PROGRAM DO NOT COMPLETE DOWNLOAD!!! DELETE THIS PROGRAM OFF OF YOUR COMPUTER RIGHT NOW! DO NOT CONTINUE ON WITH THE GAME DO NOT I REPEAT DO NTW CDRANTUE WAZX LET APME Benny x-ed out of the window and clicked finish, ignoring the warning. Notes: LOL Hux is in the next chapter! Don't worry! Notes: A playlist for this fic can be found, here . And because I'm a total moodboard hoe, I made one for this fic as well! Please reblog it if you liked reading! It helps other people enjoy it too <3 Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 19 of the Original Huxloween Stories series Next Work →