My light Kylo was glad for the mask often. His face was far to expressive, every subtle curve of his lips or arch of his eyebrows gave way what he felt. Often he would say one thing and his face would make a liar of him. Even now, as he stood on the bridge with no one looking his way, he was grateful for mask. It was hard not to stare with baited breathe when an Angel was in front of you. He had heard stories, of course. Heard the rumors that such creatures lived at the far reaches of the outer rim. They were impossibly rare, and many travellers tales of them were fabricated or exaggerated. But Hux was real, a tangible proof of their rumored beauty and otherworldliness. His wings were pearlescent white, large and powerful looking resting on his back. Not a single feather was broken or bent, each one breathtaking as if they had been crafted by hand. His skin was impossibly pale, to translucent and flawless to pass as humans, even if he did not have wings. Perfect was the only way Kylo could think to describe him- eyes too green, hair too soft and weightless, body too symmetrical and light. Even the way he stood-strong, confident- was impossibly alluring. His wings shifted as he moved, ruffled poetically when Kylo argued with him. And oh how Kylo loved to fight him, watch his porcelain skin tinge pink with anger, his green eyes glow brightly with rage. His wings would twitch in distress at Kylo's cutting words, and for a brief wonderous moment the Knight’s world would slow down and he would drink in the alluring chaos of seeing the Angel become so real, so alive in his thinly controlled temper. Kylo could no longer deny he wanted-craved-Hux. He wanted to see what Hux's milky white skin looked like with a blush across it that he caused. Wanted to hear Hux's voice pant his name, feel those feathers with his own hands as he made the Angel come for him. Kylo shifted where he stood, his cock thickening with arousal at the thought. “Is there a reason you're haunting the Bridge with your presence, Lord Ren? Or have you just come here to be a statue to the proceedings of the ship?” Hux sneered, breaking Kylo from his daydream. Kylo was unprepared for conversation, lost in his admiration for Hux's form. He bristled at the General's words, tilting his head in a mockery of confusion. “Does my presence disrupt you so easily, Little Bird?” Hux grimaced at the name, his gloved hands clenching at his sides and wings shifting in annoyance. “Are we at that level now, petty name calling?” Kylo couldn't help but smirk behind the mask, watching a strand of red hair fall from its styled spot on Hux's head. He reached his hand out, ignoring Hux's instinctive flinch as Kylo brushed it back behind the Angel’s ear. Hux's expression was a beautiful blend of confusion and disgust, and Kylo's earlier arousal was rekindled at the sight. “I Heard,” Kylo started to say, his modulated voice as close to soft as it would allow, “that Angels are a species of servants. That they are only good for two things: pleasure and slavery.” Hux batted Kylo's hand away, his face blooming that delectable shade of pink Kylo often sought after in these altercations. “And I heard that humans were a species of violent sex crazed deviants. We are co-commanders, Ren. Act like it.” Hux hissed, irritation rising in his voice before collecting himself, schooling his features back into their impassive state. “I never said I was Human.” Kylo mused. He was in Hux's space now, could see the flecks of gold in his green eyes. Kylo's visor muted colors, and he could only imagine how much brighter they were unshielded, how much more fiery the Angel’s hair was without the mask dimming it. “I know you're Human, Ren. Despite your theatrics and ritualistic attire you're not fooling me.” Hux shifts in his spot, his discomfort at their proximity becoming apparent. Kylo grazes across the surface of the General's mind, feels his unease at the conversation. Kylo likes dipping into Hux's thoughts, often wondering how it would feel to submerge completely, to wrap himself around it like a warm blanket. Hux's mind, at least on the surface, is unlike a human's. It feels warm and inviting, orderly and free of the chaos he usually finds when forcing his way into someone's head. Perhaps it is because he is being courteous, gentle in his intrusion, or perhaps it's because Hux is an Angel. Either way, he finds peace in the moments he softly skirts the edges of Hux's thoughts, a peace that is dangerously close to the light. He pulls away as if burned, angry with himself at the indulgence. Hux notices him startle, but makes no comment. He simply frowns before continuing. “It's your smell. Human's have a very distinct scent. You reek of Human, Ren.” It comes across as an insult, and Kylo can't help the clipped growl he makes in response. Hux looks smug at having riled him up, and Kylo presses closer in Hux's space, the crew casting nervous glances at the power play between their superiors. Relaxing his shoulders, Kylo reaches a hand past Hux's arm, only to be stopped by the Angel’s strong grip on his wrist. Kylo arches an eyebrow in amusement, even though Hux can't see it. “Don't.” Hux says, and it's cold and final, leaving no room for negotiation. Kylo could easily ignore it-he is far stronger than most Humans, let alone a delicate Angel-but he concedes. He does, despite his behavior to the contrary, want Hux to like him. “Afraid I will dirty your feathers with my human stink?” He says instead, eyes locked on Hux's. Hux gives him a glare, slowly releasing his hold on Kylo's arm when he seems to believe Kylo is no longer a threat. This close to Hux, with the heat of the Angels body within a hair's reach and his pink lips drawn into an angry pout, Kylo feels impossibly hard under his robes. It would only take Hux sliding their hips together for him to come in his pants like a teenager. Hux does no such thing, oblivious to Kylo's dilemma and still on the defensive. It leaves Kylo with few options, and since he can't throw the Angel over his shoulder and carry him to his rooms for a desperate fuck, he decides to leave, bumping Hux's shoulder as he walks away. Part of his arm grazes the Angel's wings, and Kylo feels a pang of annoyance he can not feel the feathers under his many layers of clothing. Kylo makes his way hastily to his rooms, his steps heavy and purposeful. Trooper and Officers alike scurry out of his path. He locks his Quarters with a wave of his hand, immediately setting to removing his helmet. His hair sticks to his face, oily and sweaty from the confines of the mask, but he ignores it as he tosses his cowl carelessly on the floor. Once he is down to just his black shirt and underwear, Kylo hastily slides his hand under the band and wraps it around his aching cock. He lets out a relieved moan, the pressure pleasent after so long ignored. Pre come is already dribbling from the head, and Kylo smears it down his shaft gracelessly. He is in no mood to toy with himself, to take his time. His thoughts are hyper focused on the object of his affection, and absentmindedly he reaches out with the force to locate the General. Hux is still where he left him, on the bridge and overseeing his officers. It's a mundane thing, but Kylo is to wound up to see it as anything other than unbearably erotic. With his free hand he lowers his underwear, freeing his erection with a groan. It always ends like this, after every verbal sparring match with the Angel. He's almost trained his cock on accident to become frustratingly hard at the sound of Hux's clipped voice. He strokes his cock in even, paced pulls; his breathing turning into light pants as he works himself toward orgasm. He's close, has been close since being on the bridge. Kylo thinks of Hux's soft pink lips wrapped around his cock, his golden eyelashes fluttering with pleasure as he takes Kylo's cock as deep as he can. Hux's wings would be open-god he's never seen them spread-and impossibly long. The Angel’s long feathers would brush against Kylo's thigh as he moaned around the Knight's cock. Kylo loses himself in the fantasy, in the sheer want he feels at having the Angel on his knees, that Kylo comes violently in his hand. He lets out a strangled cry at the intensity of it, come soaking his hand as he rides through his orgasm. He leans back against the wall, his mind still lingering near Hux with the force. Hux is still working, unaware of the filthy thoughts and actions of his co-commander. Kylo scowles, suddenly aware of the cooling come covering his hand. He feels equal parts sated and disgusted, and with an even higher longing for the real thing. He knows soon the fantasies won't be enough, that Hux's imagined hands pale in comparison to the Angel himself. He removes his underwear and wipes his hand clean on the fabric, crumpling it and dropping it to the floor as he heads to his 'fresher to clean himself. He stands under the spray of the steaming water, refusing to acknowledge the problem of his growing obsession as he scrubs his guilt away. -------------------- Kylo had not planned on following Hux that night. His mind was just always aware of where the Angel was. He was constantly in tune to Hux's presence through the force, at first through curiosity and then through obsession. When he first met the man, had been introduced to the mind behind the StarKiller project, he was to stunned to respond to the man's greeting. Snoke had not informed him that he would be working side by side with a inhuman. Had never alluded to anything that would have gave Kylo reason to suspect anything other than the usual stock of officers he always encountered. The sight of Hux was so jarring that it had taken him a moment to realize the man was talking. “What?” Kylo had clipped, his mask turning to look from the man's wings to his eyes. “I said, I am General Hux, leader of the StarKiller project and your co-commander. We will be working together on the Finalizer for the foreseeable future.” Hux said slowly, as life speaking to a particularly dumb child. “You're not human.” Kylo replied, the words out of his mouth before he could stop them. It was an absurdly stupid observation to voice, and he immediately felt foolish. “No, I'm not, and it has never hindered my work nor will it ever.” Hux said, his words sounding tired from frequent repetition. This was obviously not his first time defending his status as a inhuman. When Kylo didn't respond, Hux gave a curt nod. “I will see you for a debriefing after my shift. Feel free to use this time to get settled. I will have lieutenant Garisson show you to your rooms.” Kylo wasn't listening, his mind to occupied with the sudden desire and need coursing through his veins at the sight of the perfect creature walking away from him. Even now, as he stalks through the corridors of the Finalizer, the memory of their first meeting still calls to him. It is a constant reminder of the spark that ignited his fascination with the Angel. He ends up down a mostly deserted section of the ship, an outdated docking bay that has been repurposed as storage. The force has once again led him to Hux, and Kylo chooses to ignore why. It brings forth to many questions about himself: his desires, and more worryingly, the light. Hux is standing- back to Kylo-his wings spanning open in the deserted room. Even in a hanger this large, Hux's wings span most of it. It's surreal, to see them in any other way then aggressively folded against the General’s back. Hux startles at the sound of approaching footsteps, his wings stretching out and batting the air once before folding back into their usual place. He doesn't turn around, and Kylo is momentarily annoyed his presence is not worth noting. “Are you following me again, Lord Ren?” Hux says, and it is only then that Kylo notices the cigarette; smoke curling from the Generals pink lips. Hux still isn't looking at him, his eyes transfixed on the stars through the transparasteel window. Kylo wishes he could see those wings spanning the room again; Hux's natural feathers contrasting the unnatural cold steel of the Finalizer. “Do you always lurk in abandoned parts of the ship when off duty?” Kylo says, ignoring Hux's question. It hits to close to the truth. Hux hums, taking a drag off his cigarette. The habit is startlingly human, and should taint Kylo's idealistic view of the Angel. Instead, the perverse image of Hux's lips on the poisonous item only increases Kylo's want. Hux is not a kind man, despite coming from a species of peaceful creatures. The dichotomy of Hux's fierce personality versus his fragile body is enthralling. Silence passes between them, the only sound being Hux smoking and the soft rustle of his wings. Kylo finds the Angel's presence calming, a balm to his usually turmoil driven mind. Peace is rare between them, and Kylo is unsure of how to approach it. Subtlety and softness do not come naturally to him, yet he craves the quieting of his mind it offers. It brings forth more feelings of the light; creeping into the cracks of his mind and whispering promises of companionship, tranquillity. In a moment of madness or clarity, Kylo decides to remove his helmet. Hux's eyes widen a fraction, the only indication of surprise he allows on his features. Kylo turns to look at the Angel, drinking in the sight of the vibrant colors of Hux's eyes and hair now that the visor no longer mutes their color. Even the crisp black of Hux's uniform looks richer; the General's colors looking hyper saturated against the greys of the hanger. “I expected something more gruesome.” Hux quips, and Kylo decides it's as close to a compliment as Hux is capable of giving. “I’m only half inhuman.” Hux starts to say, unprompted as he returns his gaze to the stars. “My father was a commandant for the Empire, he was married to another human. My mother was an Angel, a kitchen servant. I know next to nothing about her. My father only ever described her as a 'beautiful mistake’. You can imagine his dismay at having a frail inhuman as his only heir.” Hux shifts where he stands, his wings curling as close to his back as possible. Kylo wants to see them spread again, see how large they are on the general's small frame. Hux seems to purposely make them appear smaller than they are, keeping them as tight against his back as possible. “Why are you telling me this?” Kylo asks, regretting the words as he says them. It was the wrong thing to say, and Hux immediately withdraws. His stance become more rigid, and the casual air between them dies. “It's of no concern to you, Ren. Forget I said anything at all.” Hux says defensively, and Kylo wishes he hadn't poisoned the atmosphere with his social ineptitude. “My father did not want me to be force sensitive,” Kylo says hastily, trying to save what's left of the ease between them. “He wanted a normal son he could explore the galaxy with. He wanted to teach me all his tricks, wanted another companion for his adventures. He never said he was disappointed, but I could feel it. See it in his eyes.” He knew he could never be what Han wanted, no matter how hard he tried. Kylo was just too different, to emotional and far too explosive. As a child, back when he was still Ben, he would try and show Han his abilities. Floating a toy ship around the room, Ben could see the flicker of fear in Han’s eyes. It wasn't until he was older he would know why his father was afraid of him. Han saw Anakin in Ben, and when you see your own child as a monster your love for them decays. Hux turns to look at him now, his cigarette resting idly between his fingers. With the light of the stars behind him he looks the very personification of the Angel he is. Gold light hugs the edges of his form, his hair red-white silhouetted against the stars. Seeing him like this, bathed in the glow of the nearby sun, Ren feels the familiar pull of the light. It whispers to him more promises of love and desire, of peace and compassion. It is a paradox, because Hux is none of those things. He is cold and calculated. An Angel of war and destruction, driven by his single minded obsession with order and control. Yet when Kylo truly looks at him, he feels more strongly in tune with the light side of the force than the dark. Even more then when he was Ben Solo. And there is no light in Hux, not truly. Kylo can feel the cold edges of his aurora, the ruthlessness that consumes his mind. And yet, almost as if by a cruel twist of the universe, this angelic demon brings the light out of Kylo. “Perhaps,” Hux says, unaware of how he looks, of his wings relaxing against his back, “we have more in common than initially thought. It's a pity you can't control that temper of yours, otherwise our working relationship might be-dare I say- companionable?” Kylo's lips twitch up into a smirk, and he can't help responding with equal bite. “And have me as another one of your loyal officers? Another bland human in the background? Surely you would get bored.” Hux hums in response, flicking his cigarette on the ground in front of them and crushing it with one of his polished boots. “Bored or more productive?” The Angel quips, dusting the sleeves of his greatcoat as he turns away from Kylo. His wings flutter against the stale recycled air of the ship, and Kylo watches him as he walks away. “Goodnight, Ren.” The Angels says, not turning back as he exits. Kylo watches him disappear before returning his gaze back to the stars. Without Hux there illuminated by them, their light seems duller, less intense. Alone in the hanger, Kylo replaces his helmet, looking down at the crushed cigarette. “Goodnight, Hux.” He says, and the General isn't there for the conclusion of their shockingly civil conversation. Kylo hears his own modulated voice ecco lightly in the dark room, and despite the oppressive atmosphere, his heart feels lighter than he can remember it ever feeling. Briefly he thinks of love-of the light- before he crushes those thoughts like Hux had crushed his cigarette. ……………………………….. Nothing changes between them, even though Kylo feels something should have. Hux makes no acknowledgement of their moment in the Hangar, of even seeing Kylo's face. The Angel speaks indifferently to him, and it causes Kylo to become even more hostile. Arguing with Hux no longer holds the passion for him it once did, not now that he feels slighted. Kylo had opened himself up, even if briefly, and Hux's continued lukewarm response feels like a slap in the face after such an vulnerable exchange between them. He refuses to acknowledge to himself that he is hurt - that he even craved Hux's companionship at all. He knows it's a lie, knows deep within himself his thoughts always fall back to Hux; his strong mind, his location on the Finalizer,his pearlescent wings. Yet he cannot ignore the obvious slight, even as he sits in the conference room as Hux is speaking. On even a good day he rarely attends these meetings. They are trivial and insignificant to Kylo's goals, more suited for First Order personal than for a Knight of Ren. Yet the Supreme Leader himself ordered him to attend, despite Kylo's protest. Kylo's time is better suited training, yet with a crucial trade agreement upcomming with a mining planet on the outer rim, he is forced to listen to Hux drawl on about how to best represent the Order during their visit. He sits and listens impassively, although his small rebellion is less noticed with the mask. To compensate he adjusts his posture, reclining in his seat more to look as disinterested as possible. It gives him a thrill every time the Angel looks over at him, displeasure visible on his face at Kylo's attitude. The other officers in attendance radiate fear at Kylo's presence, unaccustomed to the Knight staying for something as mundane as a debriefing. He is watching Hux when it happens; The room blurs suddenly and his vision goes white. Hux's voice becomes distant and fades, and the sound of shouting and blaster fire fills his ears. When he opens his eyes again he is no longer in the conference room or the Finalizer. He is in a massive hall, the walls a deep red and adorned with flags in an unknown language. Fine tapestries and rich colored rugs fill the room, but Kylo takes little notice of them. He sees himself in the center of the room, lightsaber ignited and viciously cutting through a slew of armed men. Hux, more worryingly, is behind him and unarmed. The Angel looks at a loss of how to help, obviously aware his huge wings make him an easy target. There is a balcony behind them, and it looks as if Kylo from the vision is trying to lead the two of them to there and away from the blaster fire. They are severely outnumbered, and Kylo watches helplessly as his other self works to exhaustion trying to keep blaster fire from hitting Hux. The room is a bloodbath, and the onslaught does not relent no matter how many blasts Kylo deflects or necks he breaks with the force. It was inevitable that one of the attackers eludes Kylo's notice. Hux is shot in the left wing twice, his scream piercing the room as he falls to the floor, a halo of feathers raining down as he crumbles on the ground. It is enough to distract Kylo, and in his moment of shock his concentration falters, and he is knocked unconscious by the blunt end of a blaster. Hux is still writhing on the floor, and what Kylo can only assume is the leader comes forward at a leisurely pace. Kylo no longer wants to watch this vision unfold - see what he knows will happen next. He is unable to help, frozen in place as he is forced to witness Hux's inevitable execution. The man kneels down when he reaches Hux, his hand trailing lightly over the Angels blood soaked wing. Kylo feels immeasurable rage at the act, of someone so vile touching Hux's wings without permission, wings Kylo himself has never felt. The mans black armour is soaked red with blood, and the silver emblem on his breast plate shines aggressively against the morbid scene. He roughly pulls Hux into a sitting position by his hair, forcing the Angel to look at him. The man whispers something into Hux's ear, and from where Kylo is frozen still he cannot hear it. Hux eyes widen and his gaze darts to Kylo's unconscious body, but before the General can say anything the man abruptly stands, pulling his blaster out of it holster and ending the Angels life with one final well placed shot. Kylo is torn from the vision so suddenly that when he grips the conference table it dents under the duress of the Force. No one in the room has noticed Kylos distress, his shocked face hidden by the mask. The sight of everyone continuing on with the meeting infuriates him. Kylo stands suddenly, causing Hux to stop talking and the officers to turn in surprise. Kylo doesn't care that he is making a scene, and only makes things worse when he grabs his chair and hurls it across the room. It makes a satisfying sound as it shatters against the wall, pieces flying violently in every direction. “Meeting dismissed.” Hux says sternly, his tone dark as officers flee the room. Kylo turns to look at the General, adrenalin still coursing through his veins. The sight of Hux unharmed; wings perfect and unsoiled by blood and pain calm him only slightly. He knows what he has seen, and what is to come. “Care to explain yourself?” Hux says with cold indifference as he approaches Kylo. “Was it that hard to be complacent for one standard hour?” Kylo doesn't take the bait, far too jared for petty word games. “You cannot go. Forget this Trade agreement, it will fail.” Kylo growls, his fists clenching at his sides as he speaks. Hux's eyes widen at the outburst, and Kylo knows he must look deranged in the man's eyes. “That is not an option Ren and you know this.” Hux replies, his green eyes glaring at Kylo's mask. Kylo curls his hand into a fist, the remaining chairs in the room shattering instantly. “Ren-” Hux starts, his tone exasperated, but Kylo doesn't give him a chance to argue. Removing his helmet he drops it on the table before looming threateningly in the Angels space. “Don't-don't tell me to calm down!” He yells, and Kylo can feel the small spike of worry that comes to the surface of Hux's mind - worry that Kylo would hurt him in his sudden anger. It's like a slap to the face. Hux has never feared him before, and now that Kylo is trying to protect him, stop him from dying needlessly, the Angel has the audacity to fear Kylo would lay a hand on him. Kylo knows, logically, that Angels bodies are light and weak to accommodate their ability to fly. Yet Hux's worry for his own well being as Kylo invades his space only makes him angrier. “You will die. I have seen it - a vision - I am unable to save you. This mission will be your last if you do not heed my request.” Kylo says, trying to keep his tone even despite shaking with rage. “I will not undo weeks of planning and potential gains because of some mystic hunch of yours.” “This is not some guess or vague dream, Hux. This will happen. I promise you.” Hux turns sharply, his back blocked by his massive wings as he heads to the door, stepping over the remains of the destroyed chairs. “We are going, Ren. By orders of the Supreme Leader. If you disagree, take it up with him.” Hux exits before Kylo can reply, and he is left still shaken from his vision and Hux's refusal to listen to reason. He takes his helmet in his hands, replacing it back over his face before he unclips his saber. He gets a perverse joy out of destroying what is left of the conference room, watching the walls crack and scar under the heat of his blade. When he is finished and the room is unsalvageable, Kylo feels a sense of determination he has not felt in ages. He will not let his Angel die. Notes: Warnings for: Visions of character violence Blood Character death in a vision (not actual)