So it begins Chapter One I couldn’t help but pace. My mind was not keeping me still, thus making me pace. It was a horrible feeling, something bad coming to pass or to happen. I did not know what to do, or how to control it. I was confused and scared. Looking back towards the window, I noticed a ship, black and sleek, moving towards the bay of the ship. That’s when the feeling of pain overcame, it was sharp, intense and nearly brought me to my knees. Oh dear no, turning around, I fled the conference room and raced to the landing bay. “My Lady!” I ignored the troopers calling to me, I had to get down to the bay. Hiking up my dress, I ran as fast as my legs, in their confined state, could go. Upon reaching the elevator, I continued to hit the button until the doors closed and I began to descend. The doors barely opened before I fled through the opening. I could see the shuttle landing before multiple troopers stopped me. “No, move at once!” My voice had come out as hoarse and pained, but the soldiers did not move. With a burst of anger, I managed to force push these men out of my way. I fled down the steps just as the ramp opened. Troopers came pouring out, behind them was a levitating table that held the source of my pain and agony. On top of this machine was a barely breathing, barely moving, Master of the Knights of Ren. My knees buckled as I saw the tubes and cords that were in his body. Strong arms caught me as he was quickly sent to the medical bay to receive treatment. “We had to sedate him, Princess. He will survive, but the recovery will be in painful for him.” I placed a hand onto General Hux’s arm as I tried to comprehend. “That wench, I will have her head. Find me the Resistance, General Hux.” I gritted out as I felt tears drop down my face. “I will, my lady, Lord Snoke feels your anger and agrees with you.” He helped me to my feet. “Come, I will discuss what is being done as they work on his injuries.” It was so many hours before I could see him. Looking down, I saw the patches, the stitches and bandages all over his body. Anger filled me, no one will escape my wrath on this. A groan, filled with a pure distraught pain made me sit up. With gentleness, I took his hand in mine. “W-why are you here?” It was such a pained questioned. “No one will get in my way when it comes to those I care for, Kylo Ren. Rest, dream of nothingness.” I just placed my hand over his face and gently swiped it downward while using the Force in order to will him to sleep. He succumbed to sleep. That night, I took his nightmares into my own, so he could rest without disturbance. Morning came, or so said the clock when I awoke. He was still asleep, like a babe, no worries, no pain, just peace. I stood quietly from the chair near his bed to return to my chambers to ready for the day. As I walked down the halls, troopers, personnel, even the droids, stayed out of my way. Nothing will hold back the storm of the Dark Side. Not even the last Jedi, no matter where they were. I was about done with the fresher, when a frantic knocking happened to my door. Sighing, I turned off the water and left the warmth. Wrapping a silk robe across my flesh, I left the room to answer the door. My personal droid, C-792 was out getting me food. I let the door open. Outside was General Hux, looking frantic. “My Lady, forgive me.” He bowed his head. “General, come in.” I let him enter my chambers. “I’m sorry, but you must come to the infirmary, quickly.” I spun around to give a scathing look to him the redheaded man. “I am aware he is awake. I am also aware he is somewhat resisting the medical people, he is fine, just angry.” With an impressive twirl, my robe gave way to reveal my skin, pure, unblemished, all except for a large scar, going from my left hip to my right shoulder; a parting gift from the last Jedi. “Angry does not tell of the fight he is making now.” I froze in my steps to turn and look at the man. He looked away as my flesh was on displace infront of him. “Careful with your words General. Your thoughts are louder than syllables.” I once again headed back into my bedroom to change and ready the typhoon in the medic bay. After dressing, a blood red dress with a black sash across my waist. I let my hair fall down like sand in the wind, even the color matched the dry grains. Walking back outside into the common room, I slipped into my black crystalline shoes. “Come, General, let us go see our angry Knight.” Together we walked out into the hall to go towards the medical bay. Chapter 2 Arriving at the doors to the medical bay, I heard the breaking of glass and metal scrapping on the ground. Without even an inkling of fear, I walked into the war zone. Ren sat on his makeshift bed, clutching his head. “Leave.” There was a sputter from Hux. “Now!” Everyone ran from the room, leaving only myself and Kylo. “Look at me Master Knight.” He raised his head to look at me. I could see it, the hatred, anger, and even desire. I walked towards him while being on guard for any potential flying objects. I knelt in front of him and took his hands into my own. “Relax, the pain will fade, but hold onto the anger you are feeling, this will help you grow and make you stronger.” I tried to be soothing, but instead, he reacted negatively. All around us, items began to lift into the air. “Breathe, Master Ren.” Massaging the tops of his hands, I placed my face against his palms. Slowly, almost like water dripping from a faucet, Kylo’s anger left causing the levitating items to fall to the ground. I stood but moved to his side. Feeling his exhaustion, I guided him back to the bed so he could rest. I didn’t move from my position because of the near death grip he had on my hand. “We will find them, and when we do, they will pay, all of them.” I whispered as I pushed back his bangs. His eyes drifted closed as I continued to soothe him with words of comfort. His grip even loosened, but I did not leave. He didn’t have to voice it, I could feel it in the Force, he needed someone that would not judge him, to be there for him. That I exactly what I was here for. After making sure he was deep in sleep, I walked out of the room to see the medical personnel and General Hux waiting. “Wait till he awakens in order to clean the room. He needs all the rest he can get.” There was a chorus of ‘Yes M’ladys.’ “General, continue scanning the galaxies for the Resistance, also deploy an auxiliary unit to Coruscant. Send them to old building that used to be the Jedi Headquarters, there might be something of value there.” I didn’t wait for him to respond before I began a walk down the hallway to go the meeting room to speak with Supreme Leader Snoke. He was digging in the back of my head for the last thirty minutes and it was getting annoying, Kylo Ren was my main priory right now. Upon entering the room, I saw the hologram of the large creature waiting for me. His beady eyes were grainy in the image. I forced myself to calm before bowing my head to him. “Tell me, Princess.” Despite being vague, I knew what he was speaking of. “He is injured, despite our advanced medical staff, he will need time before he will be back to full health. As for mentally, if I may, I will work with him so he remains fully on task.” Snoke grunted in discontentment. “Already your presence has kept him stable, but there is something else I require of you.” I froze as he began to prod in my mind. “When he recovers, bring him to me, but I want you to go to Mustafar. There you will find something of value.” The room went dark as I fell to my knees. A pained gasp escaped me. The pressure on my skull was horrible. For whatever reason, something in my mind or even my memories bothered Snoke. Grunting, I wobbled to my feet before wobbling to a nearby chair. Mustafar, a horrid planet. Not because of its volcanic nature, but according to the legend, what had transpired there. In the legend, a fearsome battle between Darth Vader and the Jedi, Obi-wan Kenobi, had taken place there. There are many emotions there, dangerous ones, that could make even the strongest Force sensitive person, cry in distress. For me to go there, that means something is waiting for me. Sighing, I stood up. The weakness in my legs was still present, but not as bad. I left the conference room to walk to the bridge where I knew the General would be, plus a possible shit storm as well. Gritting my teeth, I straightened my dress and resituated my heels so my feet were more comfortable. Nothing is ever boring as long as Snoke was involved, or the destruction of people was guaranteed. Lifting my head, I walked out of the room giving an air of regal control and power, despite feeling weak and tired.