Ben’s first lesson with Snoke is this: There is no death. He’s fifteen, all awkward limbs and wretchedness, and he’ll grow into one but never the other. Snoke says: “They live on in the Force.” But all Ben feels is their blood, seeping through his soft boots and in between his toes. Warm. Wet. Twilight paints the sky in broad uneven strokes of orange and purple, crickets sing the day to sleep, and when the stars start the broad arc of their climb towards dawn, still he stands among them, among their bodies, feeling their dead eyes upon him. When he can move again he lifts his padawan’s braid, hands shaking as he brings the static sibilant hiss of the lightsaber to his face. Fine black hairs drift gently down, clinging to the blood-splattered faces at his feet, to their greying lips and clotted eyelashes. They lay at his feet, and the Force whispers to him of the inevitability of entropy. Snoke says: “This will make you powerful.” Ben tosses the severed braid to the ground. He exhales the last shuddering gasp of his old identity, and inhales, and fills himself with the beginnings of the new. There is no death, he repeats to himself, over and over again, avoiding the gaze of the dead. There is no death. -------- Hux’s first lesson with his father is this: Everything will burn. He’s nine, and looks up and up at Brendol’s face, hidden in shadow, and trembles at the sound of his voice. He’s weak, small, an unwelcome stain on the Hux family legacy. His father says: “Don’t look back.” Hux’s hand is tiny in the commandant’s rough, calloused palm. Rain saturates his hair, trickles into his face. He keeps his eyes on his father, on the broad back and black coat, undulating behind him in the wind. Wet cobblestones slip beneath his shoes, his hurried clacking steps echoing around the corners of the old stone buildings of their courtyard. The world is shades of shifting grey, dripping around the edges, and everything smells like dead leaves. It's so cold. He doesn’t look back. Behind them, the keening voice of the woman who is no longer his mother pleads, “Don’t go.” His father’s hand tightens around his like a vice, lifting him up by the arm and bundling him into the back seat of an old transport, waiting just outside the tall, rusted gates. Hux doesn’t look back. His father says: “You are a child of the Empire, now.” And his words paint pictures of massive orbiting Star Destroyers, of a thousand troops in neatly stacked rows of white, of black flags bearing proud symbols like a sea of masts covering every planet. But Hux sees the ruins of the AT-AT half buried outside the city. He sees Empire flags in tatters, burning, and hears the voice of his father, drunk on rage and despair, calling out for orders that never come. The Empire has fallen, and Brendol fell with it, and never quite got back up again. The transport vibrates to life, engines flaring, and bears them away from Arkanis, from the old mansion with the cobblestone courtyard and rusted steel gates, and still Hux does not look back. Instead he looks at his hand, clasped inside the cage of his father’s fingers, and pulls it free. If everything is to burn, then by god, he will start the fire. Chapter 2 Snoke calls it a purge. Absolving an entire religion of its sins by the act of complete annihilation. One by one, the remaining Jedi are felled by Snoke’s avarice, victims of extenuation. Find. Destroy. Repeat. Kylo is twenty-four with a brand new lightsaber and a brand new title, both scraped together from the ashes of Darth Vader’s legacy. Snoke says: “Their power will become yours. They live on in the Force.” So he searches and kills, becomes stronger, better, and with every death his life loses a little colour. He sinks into the grey sameness of every mission, every day; slips easily under the endless glassy surface of predestination dulled by the monotony of repetition. And this dim-grey existence metered by dark blooms of dripping red becomes a well-worn habit, his way of being, and he settles into it with the tired and aching resignation of a life, a destiny that could have been - but isn't. And then he gets assigned to the Finalizer. And then he meets Hux. Hux is shimmering hues of russet-copper-gold, his mind a glimmering, neon nexus of thoughts and strategies and need and emotion. He hemorrhages color like blood and Kylo’s first instinct is to take , to possess this blinding iridescence for himself, an urge he manages to suppress only through extreme effort of will. And in the deep and quiet lull of his darkest nights, when Snoke’s manipulation bleeds up and spills all over Kylo’s walls like a writhing, crawling swarm of black flies, he closes his eyes and saturates himself with the memory of Hux, dousing himself in his brilliant colors like paint. Hux dominates his thoughts like the sun at the center of a star system. He burns with it and with the passing monochrome days-weeks-months of Kylo’s increasingly malcontent existence, his quiet preoccupation with Hux slowly turns into obsession. -------- For Hux, Kylo Ren is a lesson in inevitability. He recoils, sharply, from the size of him, the heady thrum of power that trails in his wake like a second cloak. He turns from the sharpness in his eyes and seethes at the brilliance of him, finds the precise black-and-white lines of his logic blurred by the ambivalence of him. Kylo becomes a bruise on the certitude of Hux’s conviction and he finds himself stripped suddenly bare under his constant scrutiny, the weight of his gaze crawling over the back of Hux’s neck and settling with a feeling of dread at the bottom of his spine: the sibilant whisper of doubt dripping into the deepest reaches of his mind to sit, always, at the back of his head, alien and discordant. But Snoke says: “We need him.” And his words drip with the echoes of victory and dominance, but Hux finds only resentment in the way Kylo speaks to him, only ever seeking to undermine him in the eyes of their leader. They collide and tear apart with cosmic magnitude, destructive and ruinous. And more often than not it's the echoes of Hux’s rage that bear Kylo from the Finalizer, the clamor of his presence fading back into structured normalcy like the surface of a lake rippling slowly back into silver calm. One day, Kylo returns from a mission with a broken arm and a shuttle full of dead Stormtroopers. Hux is thirty-one with a brand new rank and a brand new ship and is wielding his datapad in front of him like a shield. Kylo, who remains unknowable, slouches in a chair. It might be the first time Hux has seen his face. It's unremarkable. They are alone in one of a hundred black-silver meeting rooms on the Finalizer, and Hux has called Kylo things like ”careless” and “irresponsible”. He says: “In time, your impulsiveness will cost us the Order. If it were me, I would have--” “But I'm not you!” Kylo interrupts, shouting. And, softer, “No matter how badly Supreme Leader wants me to be.” He surges up to face him, and Hux, taken aback by the desperation in his voice, the frustration canting his strange, lilting tone, suddenly notices how close he is to Kylo, how heavy they are both breathing. The silence echoes with words like “please” and “incomplete” and a million other things Kylo has not said and Hux has not understood. Until now. And if Hux were the kind of person to believe in the Force he might think it whispers to him now, of opportunity and of power. So he frowns, and says, “Kneel.” Kylo exhales, a long distant breath that brushes Hux’s cheek, featherlight. Outside, a muffled radio crackles static overlaying a report; Stormtroopers patrolling the corridor. Slowly, Kylo kneels. Hux isn't sure why, what new madness has befallen them, but Kylo kneels. And here they suddenly are, shaking and tender and wrong . Kylo becomes lips pressed warm and soft over skin, hair the texture of fine-spun silk slipping like velvet between his fingers. Hux becomes black downturned lashes brushing an unremarkable face, his name exhaled like a prayer when Kylo pulls back to breathe. Kylo doesn’t meet his eyes. Hux doesn’t look away. Chapter 3 Kylo does not have Hux. He has brief moments of his weakness, shining memories like the shards of multicolored crystals in the dark, few and far between: a gloved palm resting lightly on his cheek, cotton-soft voice in the morning, dripping honey and blood. He closes his hands like talons around these moments, trying to jealously hoard them in his mind, but they spill through his fingers like bright marbles, shattering on the ground. One day, Hux is riding him, waist trapped in the cage of Kylo’s big hands, the pale expanse of his stomach denting under Kylo’s thumbs. His thighs flex, lifting him up and dropping him down, so slowly, so sweetly. He has a thoughtful look on his face, the kind that only ever means trouble of the worst sort. A cigarette dangles from his lips, quavering slightly over the words, “What are you looking for, Ren?” Kylo doesn’t understand. Hux elaborates, “What is it that you want from me? From this?” The light catches him from behind, hair haloing a corona of rust around his face. Then his lips twist down into a sneer of understanding. “Redemption? Is that it?” He scoffs, taking the cigarette from between his lips with two fingers and leaning over to stub it out in the ashtray on the bed next to them. His right hand rests on Kylo’s face and mouth, thumb pressing softly into the black mole on his cheek. His hips grind into a slow rotation that makes Kylo’s whole body shudder. Kylo wishes he would stop talking. He doesn’t. “Pitiful. Chasing absolution between my thighs. Mine . As if I could ever love someone like--” Kylo’s hand shoots up before he can stop it, closing around Hux’s throat like a vice. “Shut up,” he says, and curls his fingers in and he can feel the fine cartilage of Hux’s trachea shift beneath his palm and he’s squeezing too hard, can’t seem to stop and isn’t sure he wants to anyway, and as he lies there holding the tremble of Hux’s heart in his palm, it occurs to him that Hux does not have the Force, that everything he is and ever will be for a long suspended instant lies only in the curling crush of Kylo’s fingers. Then Hux shouts, a broken and strangled gasp of a sound; comes all over Kylo’s stomach, eyes squeezed tightly shut under a scrunched brow and he arches backwards into a half-moon of pleasure and as Kylo lets go of him, releases his beautiful russet-copper-gold creature into the freedom of breath, of life, he thinks, Snoke was wrong . -------- Hux waits until Kylo falls asleep, until his eyelids stop fluttering and the searing heat of his body simmers into a gentle kind of mellow warmth, lining the skin of Hux’s shoulder and hip and thigh. He waits until the bow of his upper lip curves out into an expression of stillness, of peace, or as close to it as Kylo Ren will ever get. Then he carefully, slowly shifts out of bed, goes to the refresher and stops in front of the mirror. He lifts a trembling hand to rest his fingertips against the turned down corners of his reflection’s mouth and stares at the color of its irises, stares at them until his heart pounds so hard it threatens to break his chest; until the mirror-world around his eyes turns black and fades into nothing and the knuckles of his other hand turn white where they clutch the rim of the basin. And he breathes, and breathes, until the sound of his ragged breaths fills the room with the violence in his chest. He stays there until the lights automatically engage for first shift, until he hears the soft rustle of sheets from inside and, in a while, the soft tread of boots. The door hisses softly open, and then shut, and Hux is alone. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the To the cold and the nebulous series