Mission without information Sand has found it’s way into your clothes the moment you had landed on Jakku. Every wiggle, breathe or movement you do reminds you that they are there. Rolling slightly to your side and scratching at your loose blouse did nothing to help. When you would resettle the sand would just find its way back home. During the day it would be damn near impossible to be a hidden sniper on these dunes even at night and with your sand cover more then one of the villagers had casted a glance in your direction. So long as they weren't the target they didn't really seem to care. You weren't the pilot Poe or Jess or Snaps was. Your level of patience and natural eye made you one of the best snipers, however. This meant you weren't nearly as celebrated as Poe. But while Poe was making heroic poses on his precious X-wing you were waist deep in the foliage of D'qar. General Organa having gotten report of a few bounty hunters that had landed near by. The amount of credits the General or Poe was worth in bounties could set a hunter up for life. It took timing and a single shot to destroy all three targets. Their ship was still in the Resistance cargo bay waiting for use. You had lied about why the General had sent you in the first place. Secrets were as common as breathing in the Resistance. The General didn't want Poe to be stressed knowing that there was such a large bounty on him, or that his girl was the one keeping him safe. So when he asked where you had been the lie came unsettlingly easy. "Some...animal was making noise a bit away. Figured take care of it before the thing gets too close to base." You had said toeing off the boots you had worn for fourteen hours straight. Poe had wrapped an arm about you from behind. Kissing under your ear and muttering "big bad hunter" before continuing to undress. That was the last real adventure you had. Having a specialty in sniping but nothing to target left you with one of two jobs: either a guard wondering the base and stuck in a sight tower for hours or a instructor to the newest recruits. Most recruits were youths who had only ever used a small blaster before and would be knocked back by the impact of a rifle. Poe had either asked you to join because of your talent or because he wanted to spend more time with you. Whether it was one or the other (or perhaps both) your man had described it as the best date ever. Poe had landed just before sundown. Giving you twenty minutes to trek up the nearest dune and set up. It had only taken you ten; being far away enough so anyone physically coming after you would be seen before they arrive but close enough to be able to run into the fray in a matter of three minutes (one and a half if you were to fall and roll down). You had signaled Poe with a small mirror that you were ready, settling on your tummy and perched on your elbows. The sun had gone down just a few moments before Poe had diseapered into one of the huts. BeeBee rolling back and forth in front of the entrance impatiently. The light on her head flashed, and while you were too far away to hear, it meant she was beeping about something. Poe had stuck his head out again and made a large gesture for BeeBee to go keep watch. Her head flashed and she rolled away. Your sight slowly wandered around the camp. Training on this villager or that box of random things. Mostly just a lot of sand and lot of villagers minding their own business. The only thing that could be considered out of the ordinary would be the ball of white and orange zipping about. BeeBee had made her third trip to the edge of the village. Stopping for a second she idled on some far away object. Her head twitching like a bird she zipped right back the way she had started. The small indents of her body brought up a small sand wake in her path. Several villages had their feet barreled over in BeeBee's racing to return to Poe. Incoming lights showed that BeeBee had the right to race away. Lights began sweeping over the sand. First there was only two, then four and then six. You rolled your sights back on to the hut. Poe emerging with a older gentleman behind him. Poe said something and the older man responded. Poe's left pinky and ring finger curled in and his other fingers straightened out. The gun motion giving you permission to kill the hostiles. Many Resistance members your age grew up on the stories of the Empire and the heroic rebellion that stopped it. In almost every story there were these soldiers in white. Although human they weren't the same as man; for every one was a clone. There's enough of their white helmets and pieces of armor floating around stores that prove their existence to be true. Now the white soldiers were the same as man. General Organna having posted the report showing a drastic increase of missing children and war orphans over the last thirty years. many recruits talked about refusing to fight because of this; not wanting to kill child soldiers and those forcibly indoctrinated. You had forced yourself to push the report from your mind. With so many secrets needing to be kept from the regular soldiers this one report was the horrid truth that was needed. The message was clear. The First-a order had to be stopped before your children were next. Three dark shuttles landed on the sand a few feet from the village. The small cloud of panic from the villagers rose towards you like the disturbed sand. A few seconds of silence being had before the shuttles began to open. Thick metal slapping the ground and the white soldiers stormed from them. The first shot came from a random villager. He or she had missed completely. It didn't matter because the second was yours and you don't miss. The soldiers covered the grounds like water over rocks. The villagers were overwhelmed by the sheer numbers. Several started to run, firing blindly behind them in a futile attempt to escape. Any white soldier that began their way towards the running man in a jacket and the rolling ball was dealt with quickly. Finally Poe got to the modified X-wing. Hitching his foot and swinging the other leg over Poe had long since mastered climbing in quickly. Before shutting the top he made a twirl motion with his right pointer finger. Poe was planning a fly-around to get you. As soon as he would take off you would grab your shit and book it in the opposite direction. If you were a good sniper and nobody saw you then his quick turning of the ship would confuse the enemy. He would then briskly land and you would climb in and then both of you are gone. Once, twice, three and four times you fired. The white soldiers being tossed back by the impact to their chests and heads. Your shoulder was starting to feel it from pressing too harshly into the gun but it was nothing but a dull feeling. You were too far in the zone to possibly notice anything but what you were targeting. Training in on the soldier with a flame thrower you fired into the gas filled pack. The white armor being ingulfed in bright orange that had him panicking and flailing around. A small spark at the corner of your eye reminded you of the mission. Sight panning back to Poe you were too late to stop any of the soldiers from hitting the X-wing's back. Small flames licked at the metal as Poe could only stare in a mix of fear and racing thoughts. Once, twice and three times white soldiers fell to the sand from your shots. Their comrades thinking nothing of their sudden death and continuing on. ' What the hell are you doing? ' you thought as Poe kneeled in front of BeeBee. You followed Poe with your sight as he stood and ran on the edge of the village. BeeBee was always so small you could hardly see her with the sights so not noticing her disappearance was understandable. All of your focus was on taking out any soldier that noticed Poe. A quick turn of their bucket heads or a pointing finger was a death sentence. Poe slammed into a small cover of sand. Any soldiers that saw Poe were now laying on the ground. The sight wasn't needed to see a final ship make it's landing. A giant black bird its wing tucked in as the soldiers rounded up and gathered the villagers to the center. Thick metal slid down for a walk way leading to the ship. The being in black marched down the walkway. It was flanked by two soldiers in white. It had to be man under the robes and drawn up hood. Although thick the robes were close enough to show (or, at least, give the outline) of a broad chest and shoulders. Either way it seemed to be the white soldier's leader. The older gentleman that Poe had been with was brought before the being in black. Poe laid on his stomach to look over his hiding mound. His feet and knees digging into the sand under him. Your sight wondered back towards the black being and the older gentleman. Blazing red overwhelmed your sights, looking up the giant red saber was something from legends. You were too interested by the saber execution to see Poe shoot up. His heroic instincts taking over and charging forward. One blast being made from the rifle before it is literally stopped in the air. Poe must have been just as amazed as you as he was not moving. "Dameron, move." You hiss to yourself. There was no way Poe could have heard you. Two soldiers ran up, the butt of on of their rifles hitting Poe's gut, and grabbed his arms. Your sights followed as Poe was pulled past the frozen blaster shot. Being tossed to his knees before the black clad being. As the being kneeled you began to search its body for anything that looked thin. The helmet was definitely not going go give, chest piece looked too thick but the throat looked thin enough... Your fingers curled around the trigger. Feeling the small impact against your shoulder the bright blue bolt whisked through the air. If Poe had moved his head even slightly to the left his face would have been hit and destroyed. Luckily Poe didn't flinch; the bolt zooming right past and into crackling red of a ignited saber. A gasp erupted from your throat. Panic and fear of Poe having his head removed from his shoulders caused you to fire in rapid succession. Poe threw himself to the right so he was laying flat. While he avoided your shots the soldier behind him made the mistake of trying to grab Poe. The soldier getting hit squarely In the back and falling forward just to be thrown aside by the black clad being. Three times in succession; every time they were blocked by crackling red. Bouncing away from your target and into the unknown. Your sight following the being as he stood. Now just wanted to get one hit on it. So you began firing in such rapid succession it would be nearly impossible to count how many you had shot. Just aiming for any part of the being that looked open. Your final bolt ricocheted off the red weapon. It was thanks to the little bit of force laying dormant in your mind that you rolled quickly to the side. The sniper rifle going up in sparks from the direct hit to the body. There wasn't a chance in the galaxy that you would be able to escape. Two white soldiers had already been making their way up the dune towards you. Yes, you scuffled against them but their armor was hard to fight against unarmed. A hard and well placed kick to one of their chests lit up your ankle in sharp pain. The soldiers had to physically drag you; not entirely because of resistance but every time pressure was added to your ankle it would light up again. Your one good leg just couldn't keep up with the pace the soldiers were pulling you at. The sand came up quickly as you were dropped to the ground. Poe was still on his knees some feet in front of you. Although he was forced to stay pointed forward he strained his head to look back at you. The black clad being sauntered to you. Gripping your hair and tilting your head upwards its head tilted slightly. Both of your hands grabbing its wrist that was all but futile compared to its strength. "You're with him. Meant to protect but failing." The being was definitely a man by the way it spoke. Either that or the mask was altering its voice to sound masculine. Your eyes snap towards Poe. His dark hair and outlined face the only thing visible. "Never seen that guy before in my life." You said with uncomfortable ease. You were a better at lying than Poe. Better than a lot of people in fact, and you might be good enough to convince this...beast that you were just a scared villager. "Take them both." It said releasing your hair. Or maybe you weren't that good at lying. Chapter 2 : Nails in your feet Summary: Reader and Poe are deep in it. Notes: Writing on the fly here. Feel free to bitch me out about the grammar. (I'm just kidding please don't.) The sand was still in your shirt long after leaving Jakku. Rolling and scratching against your bare tummy and breasts. Every breath you take makes the particulars roll farther across your skin. Your wrists and ankles were strapped down to this upright table, making it impossible to scratch at the sand. This First Order ship was nothing like the Resistance base where natural shades of brown and green reign. Everything about this ship was shades of gray and metal, even the living members of the ship looked closer to machines then actual people. In short the Order was new while your Resistance was using an old abandoned base. The extravagant landing bay was enough to prove that this order had some serious credits coming in. You aren't left alone long before the door slides open. A officer followed by a white soldier enter without a word. You and the officer stare at one another, white soldier making their way past your line of vision on the other side of the table. With a soft click the straps holding your ankles tighten, three sharp points dig into the sole of your shoes. Pressing deeper until it breaks the soles and pokes lightly into your socks. The officer asked her questions fast. "Where did he hide the map?" She asked. You answer just as fast. And can actually be honest. "I don't know what you're talking about." The officers gray eyes shifts to the white soldier and back to you. The signal causing your feet to light up in pain. The instinct to pull your feet away was stopped by the straps. The shock was dull enough for the pain to only be felt in your knees down. It was the quick jerk of your hurt ankle against the strap that made you hiss out. This processes continued for what felt to be hours. The officer asking the same sharp question, you'd reply in different variations of "I don't know." With the glance of the officers damned eye the shock would erupt through you again. Each growing stronger and stronger until every muscle in your body would convulse and the only noise you could make was a gurgling moan. Just as quickly as the officer had arrive she left, her soldier following right behind. What follows are the pained sounds floating through the air. The ship's cells are purposefully placed close together. The tops of the wall separating them has a thick grate; screams and cries could be heard but anyone talking would sound far too muffled to understand. Gasps from the cell next to yours slow for a moment, there is muffled talking, and then a loud groan. Another follows shortly after that last longer and hitches at the end. After the third it becomes straight up shouts of pain. Straining and desperate they would be cut off. You could hear him pant, practically see him glare at the bitch officer, and hear the muffled talking. A muffled retort follows and then more yelling that grows into straight up screams. Closing your eyes did nothing to stop the imagines of Poe floating in your mind. The screams he gave as his back arched from the sharp points in his feet and temples. His body going slack, held up only by the straps that kept him imprisoned, panting to try and overcome the fleeting pain. Poe would then make a retort at the interrogator and start the processes all over again. The entirety of both of your individual tortures took a little over an hour. In that time it must have been deduced that A. You really didn't know anything and B. Poe wouldn't respond to torture. So as your eyes welled up with tears and nose cracked inwards this beating was making little sense. The white soldier gripped under your throat to keep your head up and staring into it's dark eyes. It's thumb and pointer finger digging under your jaw and squeezing, you weren't choking but it still hurt. Your eyes closed as it's free fist came around, the impact made your teeth rattle and cry slightly. It's armored fist scratching from the end of your eyebrow to the base of your nose. Blood was touching and seeping into your lips as the solider raised his fist again. "Enough, release her." The officer bitch snapped. It was because of the tables incline that you didn't fall forward. The soldier that had just spent the last two minutes riddling your body with punches and strikes gripped your right forearm. Pulling you forward it held onto your arm with both hands as your leg with the fucked ankle crumbled under your weight. With a gesture another soldier grabbed your other arm. Arms feeling as though they are to be pulled from their sockets you are pulled up and onto your feet. Doing your best to stay with the pulling as the officer bitch led the party about twelve feet from your cell. It didn't take a jedi to guess whose cell it was you were now standing before. Poe was a priority prisoner. Where a soldier was stationed outside your cell Poe had two inside his. Both stationed within three feet of the table he was strapped to. The soldiers holding your arms stopped five feet from the table. The beating you had received now made sense for as Poe looked down on you it would be a mess. He swallowed at your crooked nose and shut eye. He probably heard your grunts and shouts of pain through the wall. Maybe cursed at the guards and demanded you to be left alone. In retrospect his demands for you to be spared was a rather stupid idea. If he could just pretend that you matter little or nothing at all to him or lie and say that he enjoyed hearing your suffering then you wouldn't be seen as motivator. Officer bitch rounded you and the two soldiers, moving to stand next to Poe. She looked more casual then before: her hair was apparently blonde and in a pony tail that hung down her back, she still wore the black trousers and boots but her top was missing it's jacket. Instead a long sleeve white blouse with cuffed wrists was adorned. She grips under Poe's jaw so she pinches him as well as makes him look at her. "Where did you hide the map?" She asks pinching his throat to pull him forward. His wrists straining and face crinkling from the pain that wasn't bad enough to scream about but enough to cringe at. "You keep singing but I'm not dancing." Poe smirked back at her. In any other situation you probably would have scoffed or rolled your eyes at his silly comments. Unable to see out of your right eye all you could focus on was the painful glance officer bitch gave to the soldiers. Three quick cracks sounded to your right. The night stick was long and gray, a quick strike to your right knee had you falling to that side. Your injured ankle taking all of your weight and pressing it down. It was impossible to stop yourself from cringing full face about throbbing pain that spread from the ankle and up your leg. The throbbing growing too great until the ground meets your knees and a new level of pain erupted into your thighs. Poe's face was still turned towards officer bitch. Watching you and clenching his jaw to the point of his teeth baring. Officer bitch wretched Poe's face to look in your direction. Leaning forward and whispering in his ear harshly but loud enough to faintly hear: "Wheres the map, Scum?" "Not gonna happen, Sweetheart." As Poe finishes Officer bitch glances at one of the soldier. The soldier on the right grasps your arm at the wrist and the elbow. It begins to twist and pull backwards. Poe makes eye contact for a brief second before you're eyes close. There's horror stories about the type of training The Empire and First-Order gives their officers and soldiers regarding interrogation. How to turn the questions around and get the most information from the interrogator, how to escape from binds and use torture weapons to kill and even how to turn rape into a means of escape. Their training was about logistics and how the situation could benefit their order. The Resistance's was about bearing it to the best of your abilities. So as your arm started to twist and crack your mind went elsewhere. The throbbing pain was white noise to being back home late at night. BeeBee is on her charging station that hums lowly like a old cat, more then one blanket is drawn up to your chest with Poe's chest as a pillow. Any time you stirred or a feeling of the cold would arise Poe's arm would come up around your back. Thumb rubbing and softly dragging across your shoulder while his chin rested atop of your head. The background pain began to rise again, try to pull and drag you from the bed. It grew stronger and stronger no matter how tightly you gripped onto Poe. Eventually it got too strong. You had to scream. Poe's eyes were watering as your arm now rested at a odd and uncomfortable position. Officer bitch held his face point towards you. She looks up at the trooper and says "fix her arm." Every part of you strives to return home. The warm covers, BeeBee humming, Poe's strong chest-. Fucking Kriff Fuck! -being used as your pillow. "Where did you hide the map?" "No..." You don't have to look up to know officer bitch gave a glance. Your other arm is gripped and begins to pull backwards. You force your eyes closed and BeeBee's humming greets you. "Amazing that you have yet to break." A familiar and modulated voice said. You are back in the upright table with your wrists and ankles bound. Nothing was broken but Damn did you feel some awful. Nothing could be seen out of your right eye, both shoulders having been dis and relocated until you would sob at your arms even being touched and a rib or two were very likely cracked. Anyone looking at you would cringe at the cracked blood on your upper lip and mouth. Everyone except for the black clad being standing before you. "You can't even speak, can you?" It asked. Unfortunately the being was correct. Every opening of your mouth was met with little pops. You watched as the being took a step towards you. By this point not caring as your head was laying lax against the table. The being raised a thickly gloved hand in front of your face. Although you were unable to physically feel the fingers digging and wrapping into your mind they were there. A mental violation that swelled your chest at the knowledge of your thoughts and memories being brought forth and scrutinized. They were rifled through and tossed aside so fast it was nearly impossible to tell what the being was searching for or was looking at. In one second it was in your memories the being looked through; days in school, the look of a sibling or close friend. Another second your past and presents thoughts piled over each other. These piles grew and grew until one came into solid focus. Your sights on Poe as he is kneeling in front of BeeBee. As you move the sight away the being releases your mind, leaving your head feeling a wee bit empty at the loss of the fingers in your mind. "You really have nothing. But your pilot does." The being comments, it's head tilting. An invitation for you to challenge his statement. You manage to loll your head forward and back as though making a threat. The black clad being turns to walk away. In that moment you called forth every little scrap of strength and self-worth you have to mutter out "sith scum" at the bastard's back. The being stops and your heart skips a beat. Memories of it's giant red weapon cutting through the older man flashed forward. New thoughts of that same weapon penetrating your body from the scalp down replaced all other thoughts. It was by the grace of whatever god you believe in that he didn't turn back towards you. Chapter 3 : Hero in white Summary: As much fun as it is to be a guest of the First-Order it's time to go. Notes: Writing on the fly here. Not beta'd, yadayadayad. Let's go. Poe had been yelling only a few seconds ago. The shout was of thick frustration and determination that makes anyone stop and listen. It was then silenced with a thick thud like someone had fallen in the shower. It's almost a relief that he was yelling. If that black clad being had run him through then Poe would have either be screaming in pain or force himself silent. Your entire time on this ship hasn't been more than a day, day and a half at most, yet it felt like years. By the sounds of the footsteps beyond your cell door the soldiers rotated shifts every five to seven hours. The only other foot traffic you had heard was the being making its way towards you. Its walking was more of stomping, like its legs had to compensate for its wide chest and shoulders, making you nervous about the being before you even had a reason to. Five hours must have passed as the faint walking outside your door started up again. The faint movements became louder and the cell door slid open. Only a single white soldier entered, though. It’s movements were twitchy and hurried as it reaches your table. Making glances at the other white soldiers who didn’t seem to care what it did. Your bindings were released with a heavy noise. “Come on,” The white soldier had to coax you from the table. It’s gloved hand gently pulling at your arm. The pressure added to your hurt ankle was enough to start sending you down. The white soldier wrapping its arms around your front and back to keep you from completely hitting the ground. It still makes glances at the other soldiers while juggling between holding you up and cuffing your hands in the binders. As far as the other soldiers were concerned you were just being roughed up by a fellow soldier sent to make sure you hadn’t gotten too comfortable. “Come on, you gotta-gotta walk.” The white soldier says softly, too softly for the others to hear. You would hop when even the slightest bit of pressure was added to your ankle. This white soldier was kinder than the others had been. It's arm was hovering around your back, cupping your side when you would start to lean this way or that. With your head hanging down to stare at your bound hands the body of the soldier's blaster rested on your collar bone. The nozzle was rubbing against your temple with every step. The soldier guided you through a hallway, past a moving patrol and around a corner. A pattern was made of a step and hop way of walking. That was quickly ruined by being shoved into a opening on the wall. If it weren't for Poe waiting in the darkened corner you would have hit your face into the metal wall. His bound hands cupped your face and held your head up. You focused on his face with your good eye. His face grew into that half smile that charmed anyone who saw. The kiss you shared was rushed and tasted faintly of copper. "I got her, can we go now?" The white soldier asked. It was leaning out of the opening casting quick glances back and forth. "Hey, Poe..." Was the best you could manage. "Hi, Babe," Poe said holding your face towards him. His thumb gently rubbed your cheek to the focus on him. You nod slowly. All this movement combined with your lack of food and water was starting to be overcoming. Even as Poe was trying to keep your attention your head was wobbling and legs began to feel so much heavier. Poe squeezed your cheek slightly to keep you on him. "Baby, baby, listen. We're getting out of here but you gotta walk, okay? You just gotta walk and I can do the rest. Just gotta walk." Poe is slightly smiling as he talks. The little wheels turning in his head that created the glint in his eye. "Are we gonna be able to do this?" the soldier asked. Poe looked past your head with that same half there grin. The walk to the hanger was like the end of a marathon. Every muscle in your body was tired and felt like they had just been wrung out. Your head was hung slightly and mouth open just enough for air to easily flow in and out. From that angle you watched your legs try and keep with the determined pace Poe and the soldier had set. Left, right, left, right went your legs. The soldier was muttering behind your back. "Stay calm, stay calm." It was saying just behind your head. It was loud enough for you to hear but soft enough to be distracting. If his pitch changed then distraction would keep your legs from continuing their path. "I am." Poe whispered. He seemed to be affected by the soldier's whispering too, instead of distraction he seemed to be slightly irritated. "I wasn't talking to you." The soldier replied. Left, right, left, right, left-. The soldier nudged you to the left of the hangar. The sudden contact had you grunting as the soldier less then gently guided you towards the left. The soldier pinched the edge of your and Poe's binders to release them. Poe leads the way up a small flight of stairs next to the ships that always seemed to resemble bow ties. He grabs window facing inwards, opening the hatch on top and sliding in. The soldier helps you climb in behind him and then it follows. A TIE fighter was made for two people; the pilot and their gunner. This wasn't the first time you had sat on Poe's lap while he had flown. As Poe said "I've always wanted to fly one of these." you instinctively wrapped a arm around his neck and pressed back into him, curling your legs close and overall pressing into him. Poe was still able to see (if he couldn't then he would have said something) over your head. Being inside of a TIE fighter and on someone's lap was so much warmer then being in a cell. The beeping of switches being hit and buttons pressed was welcome noise compared to silence. Poe was talking to the soldier, giving an order or something but it all seemed to layer each other. Poe was just so warm and the lighting was so faint your eyes were starting to close. Your wrists were still sore with little red lines just under the hand and a few inches in. The same could be said of your ankles but the pants were keeping you from seeing them. They were gently throbbing as everything began to fade away as the ship began to slowly move. THUNK!!! "I can fix this!" Your stupid but useful man proclaimed. "Who puts a tether on a tie fighter?" You muttered. The impact was shaky enough to wake you up. Pulling your body inwards Poe began to pressed the buttons in some illusion of order. It wasn't until the middle bright yellow switch was flicked that the ship was freed. Poe was actually laughing as the speed of the fighter pressed you and him into the chair. "Woah! This thing really moves.!" Poe was enjoying this way too much. "Alright we gotta take out as many canons as we can or we're not going to get very far." Your arms wrapped tight around Poe. Hanging onto the headrest so you wouldn't choke him Poe twisted the controls. Your view of black and stars suddenly became a incoming war machine and flying balls of light. Poe had only flown this fighter for a few minutes and already he was acting like he was born into the seat. Shooting down to the belly of the star destroyer Poe barely had to adjust the controls to avoid any shots that were given. "Up ahead! You see 'em? I got us dead centered, its a clear shot." Poe pointed at the window as if the soldier could see. "Okay, got it!" The soldier proclaimed. The fighter shuttered with the shots. The debris of the cannons floated out into space. The soldier already celebrating. "Did you see that?! Did you see that?!" The fighter tilted sharply as it came around the belly of the ship again. The harnesses connecting to the seats were made for the pilot and gunner to stay put during the sharp movements. The designers obviously didn't think about the possibility of the pilot having a girlfriend on board. So while Poe made friends with the imperial trooper (and named him like a lost puppy found on the street) (he named him Finn) your butt slipped from his lap. Right arm still around Poe your left gripped his harness. The board pressed into your back, a switch stabbing into your spine and edge pinching your shirt. If you made any noise about it then Poe would pull you back on which would leave an opening for anything to strike. Your ankle lit up trying to press against the console on the otherside of the fighter. The only thing to be done was try and not get too many bruises from the rocking ship. The ship tilted away from the beast of a ship. Darkness and stars overtook the entirety of the fighter's window for a few seconds before being overwhelmed by a orange planet. Poe pressed forward on the controls. "Where are we going?" The soldier (now know as Finn) asked in a panic. "Back to Kakku that's where." Poe said. "Beebee is there." You added. Finn panic at the thought. "No no no! We can't go back to Jakku! We need to get out of this system!" Finn's panic caused a near hit of the Fighter. Poe moving the controls to avoid the shot had you being pulled forward. The panel and control shoving your ankle into the panel and spine into the panel. You are a strong person for having lasted this long without crying out. But the ankle and pained spine was enough for a least a whimper. "I need to get my droid before the First-Order does." Poe lets one hand go of the controls. Leaning to your side a bit so his hands slides around your back. Your hips lift so his gentle pulling has you back on his lap. "What? A droid?" Finn asked. Poe reached around your back so to grab the other control. "That's right, a BB unit. Orange and white, one of a kind." Finn was starting to sound slightly hysterical. From your spot on Poe's lap the back of Finn's head was visible. He kept looking over the otherside of his shoulder, trying to see if Poe was legit or not. If he looked the other way he'd headbutt you and add a broken nose to your list of injuries. "I don't care what color it is! No droid is that important!" Finn dared to say about BeeBee. "This one is, Pal." "We need to get as far away from the First-Order as we can! We go Jakku and we die!" "That droid's got a map that leads straight o Luke Skywalker!" This was the first time you heard what the mission was actually about. The information was kept from you because of the possibility of your capture. The less people know a certain bit of information the better. So when Poe just told some random trooper (granted ex-trooper) the missions secret it had to hurt a little. "Oh, you've got to be kidding me! I-!" Finn's tangent of complaints was interrupted by a direct hit to the fighter. The window of the fighter span around from stars, to orange to ship and back again. There seemed to be no shields on the fighter. The panic of the fighter hurtling down had your arms wrap back around his neck. Curling in around his chest Poe's arms gripped you in a bear hug around the legs. Your protection of Poe's head left yours open to any little pieces of debris knocking around the ship. The thick cover of the console came up from its place. Blue sparks were now decorating the ship. Finn's white clad arms were flailing and moving within the ship. He had probably been knocked out at some point. It's not long before you followed Finn. The thick panel behind you came up fast. Striking the back of your head and sending the winding window from ship to stars to orange and black. It's impossible to say how many times you kept coming in and out of consciousness. The first few times you're being held over Poe's shoulders, staring down at the sand as it passes by. The next time its dark and you are being positioned against something solid. Poe pulling your back up so the winds wouldn't force sand into your throat. "Baby? Where the-what happened?" You asked. Poe smiled slightly, pushing strands of your hair back. "We're back on Jakku. Just gonna be here for a little bit then we're gone." Your head rocks as though nodding. Every intake of air makes your lips smack and throat itch. There was no point in asking for water, if Poe had any you would have been drinking it by now. "I'll be right back, okay. Be right back." Poe pulls your vest together, making sure you are perfectly covered from any sand. He leans forward, kissing your forehead and stands. "Don't run off on me." Your eyes follow Poe until he is completely gone from your vision. The swishing of his pants becomes fainter and fainter until you are alone with nothing but the vastness of sand. Jakku is actually rather pretty at night. The miles and miles of empty space gives one a great view of the stars. Just like snow all the itchy sand and extreme one sided temperatures probably gets old quickly. Spend more than a week in this place and you will get sick of it too. The only sand is your own short breathing (take too big of a breath and it's all pain through the chest), wind howling across the plains and the occasional scream of an animal or shouting humanoid. Once or twice you could have sworn there was a blaster shot somewhere far away. Eyes growing heavy you have either passed out or naturally fell asleep. Either way your view of sand gave way to darkness. Dreams of red weapons, confined arms and legs and screams of your beloved played across your mind without permission. Poe had once talked about his own nightmares. When on missions and someone was shot down or blown completely from the sky he would hear their final words or screams through the comm. In his dreams he could still hear them, he could see their horror before the entire body is burned into nothing. Then he wakes up and realizes it wasn't a dream but a memory. This encounter with the black clad being would just give him more memories to jerk awake at. You better be ready to hold him when that time comes just as he'll be ready to hold you. You are awakened by a speeder. Sky barely becoming orange from the extremely early hour the sand behind you was blow forward. The solid object was not only a terrible back rest but protective from being berated by tiny particles. Poe appears at your side. Sliding a hand behind your head and with the other presses a warm water bottle to your lips. Tilting the bottle upwards you began to drink. Even the warmest water was the most satisfying oasis in the galaxy in this moment. He controlled the bottle so it wouldn’t tilt too far and pour over your face. Although that probably would have felt pretty damn good. "I got through to the Resistance," Poe said smiling wide. "Just hang on 'cause they're gonna be here soon. They’re gonna to be here soon.” Poe was a notoriously bad liar. If he had just said that to be a comfort it would have been obvious. Instead of biting the inside of cheek and staring at your forehead to avoid eye contact Poe looked to the sky. Toying with his bottom lip as though that might bring the ship faster. Chapter 4 : Slight reprieve Summary: The time to take a breath has come. Poe needs a distraction and you need some healing. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) You're in the center of a sapphire. Encased within a stone where the entire world is blue and everything is safe. Where there is no need to fight, no First-Order, no black clad being wondering through space and where even breathing isn't a concern. In reality you were just completely submerged in medical goo with a mouth piece strapped to your face. Every few minutes you would float down enough for your toe to brush the bottom of your tube. It was enough to send you floating towards the middle and for your hair to float around like seaweed. A slight tugging started at your toes. It grew at a small pace until your eyes drearily open. Outside of your sapphire two blobs of natural colors were moving around. They moved close together before separating like cells under a microscope. Your sapphire started to melt around you. The goo drained out until you were forced to stand on your own two feet. The sedative and several hours of weightlessness left you leaning against the tube for support. The next hour are admittedly hazy. Someone walks you over to a cot. A thick towel is placed around your center and a mystery medical member gently messages your head (It's okay to admit you moaned at the feeling of your hair being played with, we all do). After which you were walked back to your quarters by the same medical member. Seeming to sleep before the covers were even pulled over. The sun was slowly inching its way across the bed. Running over your hair and cheeks and finally your eyes. Opening them was a mistake as soon as the bright light hits the only thing you are capable of doing is groaning and grabbing the blankets. The effects of the bacta and the sedative combined was a serious nine hour power nap. Every little bit of your saliva was dried to the top of your mouth. Your head was going to be throbbing and limbs will feel weak. Overall you might feel worse then when you had fallen asleep. Take a look around and someone had obviously been messing with things in your room. The towel around your head was gone and tossed in the hamper, the left side of the bed's covers were tossed over to your side and clothing that wasn't yours was tossed lazily around the hamper. Had this been just another morning BeeBee would have been poking at you by now. The orange droid wasn't by the bedside or in her charging station. For a second you thought she might be with Poe at his ankles. Rolling around and chirping while Poe worked on Black One. That was before remembering all that had happened: the mission on Jakku, the black clad being, the torture. All of that just for little BeeBee to escape. Your mouth was far too dry to try and go back to sleep. A glass of water rested on the bedside table. It had probably been there since you and Poe had left as the water was old. Either way the lukewarm water was still refreshing to your throat. Rubbing at your eyes there will still be a throb that lived in your skull. The messed up blankets had suggested your boy had slept next to you. A faint memory of his weight curling over your back or hands gently running through your hair as you slept was buried deep in your mind. Usually you were the first to wake up and out. Either taking in the time for a few practice shots or having the early morning patrol. Poe would roll out of bed pretty late in the morning (unless he had a mission or was summoned by the General) long after you were gone. Like a faint hangover you groan while standing. A hard scrub over the dried drool and sweat under a shower came next. Hopping up and down to pull on your brown trousers, bra and white shirt. Leaving in search of Poe. It was elevan by that point. Personnel were deep in their duties and looking forward for lunch. Most smiled or nodded at you in passing. One or two tried to stop and ask how you were doing with comforting touch to your arm or hug. Walking fast and giving a brash "I'm fine, have you seen Dameron?" Seemed to be enough to let you escape. Poe was where you had expected him to be: Sitting on a crate under his Black-One. A panel was open over his head with wires hanging around like decorations. To his left several tools were resting on a little table. His right was empty, that was where BeeBee usually was. He saw you out of the corner of his eye. The look of concentration he was giving those wires quickly changed into a small smile. "I figured you were gonna sleep in longer. I was going to wake up for food after finishing this." Poe gestured to the wires. Crouching under the ship so you would kneel next to Poe your neck craned upwards at the mess. "You were playing with this before we left. What happened?" "Well, I mean, nothing. But I don't want it to short circuit because of a exposed wire or anything." Poe started to line the wires back up into their place. Blue, yellow and red crisscrossing in a pattern that only Poe seemed to be so precise about. "You hungry? I'm hungry. Want some food?" One benefit of the Resistance was all the different backgrounds coming together. More specifically the different recipes that came with those backgrounds were by the best part. All the different stews from hearty meats and broth, salads with multicolored vegetables and all sorts of drinks ranging from blue milk to melted chocolate mixed with pure white sugar. This time around a mechanic (whose name you cannot remember) had made the food. A soup with chunks of meat and vegetables mixed with gravy until it's all thick and brown. Its hard to realize how hungry you are until the steaming bowl was placed in front of you. Poe sat across the table facing you. Spoon twirling around the stew he looked to it as though it was going to tell him the secrets of the galaxy. Steam curled around his face, barely taking more than a bite. When he finally looked up at you he smiled. "You have stuff, about," he held his hand in front of his face. "Everywhere." Poe leaned forward across the table. Dabbing your face with the brown napkins until you eventually took them. "Why aren't you digging in? I'm pretty sure you tried to bite me the last time there was something this good." You asked, getting rid of the gravy beard you were currently rocking. "Already ate. It was some green fruit and yogurt. Makes you feel healthy just by looking at it." Poe explained pushing his bowl towards you with the spoon. "How'd you wake up so early?" If he wasn't going to eat then you would. "I wasn't-wasn't as hurt as you. When you got dropped in that tank they wrapped some of those straps around my head. The General wanted a report, its bad enough delievering what happened. No need to make it worse by being half alive on bacta." Poe explained, resting his chin on his elevated hand. "Does it still hurt?" Your hand reaches out and toys with the hair around his temple. "You've given me worse injuries in bed, Babe." He reaches out with more napkins. "You got more gravy on your-everything." It became quickly apparent that Poe was grounded (at least for the day) as he remained close to your side. Watching you do a few jumping jacks to wake up your muscles, barely a step behind as you visited the quartermaster. Selecting a new rifle as your old was buried under burned sand back on Jakku. Some scavenger was going to a field day when they find that sucker. Laying on your stomach the trees of D'qar didn't stand a chance. Paper wth black outlines of old empire 'troopers were stapled to the tree trunks. Several closest to you looked to be shot to hell. The ones farther away were in a more stable condition. Until you fired and blew away any spare paper. "You suck on your lip before firing." Poe commented from your nondominate side. Laying so he could watch you fire. Arm bent so his head was elevated, legs stretched out and other arm lightly grazing your back. One eye closed the gun rocked into your shoulder. It was taught to the Rebellion and now the Resistance shooters to aim for the eye holes in the 'trooper's helms. From there is goes throat, armpits, knees and (if your blaster is especially strong) right over the sternum. By this point in your firing career every shot you made was a perfect shot. Now if you could lay like that for longer then five hours without your breasts getting sore. "You did it again. Sucking on your lip in excitement." Poe's fingers pressed in, trailing down until he reached the small of your back. Rubbing figure eights as he slid closer to wrap over your body. Normally it would fun to spend a day like this; gently teasing with soft touches and a few gropes while the other tried to work. You had done that before to Poe when he was fiddling with Black-One. A few comments were made about his ass and more than once you toyed with his hair while the other snaked down his chest. This time it felt like it was needed for Poe. A distraction from the failed mission, his gone best friend and injured girlfriend that didn't involve booze or crying. "It's pretty cute, actually," Poe whispered, practically laying on your back. "When you bite and fire." Dull nails dug into your ass as he spoke the last word. That surprise caused you to Fire before you were ready and missing. Some pissed off birds flying away at their home being shot up. "For fuck sake, Poe." Pushing yourself up to scold at his grin. "We have to be prepared for anything, Babe." Poe doesn't move. Gently messaging your ass as if this were the most normal thing in the world. Unfortunately the comm started to sing before anything fun could happen. Poe using his free hand to pat at his belt, pulling the comm up to his ear. Barely four words were spoken before he shut it. Hopping up as though the ground was on fire. "What?" You asked sitting up. Pulling the rifle from it's place because if Poe was going somewhere then you were coming too. "General's scrambling the X-wings." Poe said excitably, he was waiting as patiently as he could as you were got to your feet. "I thought you were grounded." "Like hell Organna is going to let them fly without me." It was full on sprint to the tarmac. Several of the other pilots were already climbing into their own ships. Poe ducking wings and avoiding ground crew with practice. Following in his wake and carrying a rifle slowed you down a bit. Unable to duck under the wings at least the ground crew was kind enough take a stutter step and let you pass. By the time you were able to catch up with him Poe had one leg in the orange flight suit. "I gotta get ready." Poe stops his jumping around to walk over to you. Cupping your face with both hands and kissing you. "I'll be back soon." When the ships are scrambled the best place to be was anywhere but the runway or the control room. But standing against the door frame outside of the control room you were somehow in both places. That spot allowed you to watch everything that happened though. Able to hear the orders told from command, watch the X-wings start to take off and feel the ground beneath you thunder from all the running. Poe's Black-One led the ships starting to take off. From your spot their gaining speed was enough for your hair to flutter. The roaring was too loud to hear the person come up next to you. General Organna has been your ward on several missions ranging from diplomatic, military and even personal. Playing as her security guard even though she was a better shot than any in the Resistance. That's what you get when you take your marriage problems out on a firing range. "How are you feeling?" You didn't have to turn to see who was talking. General Organna had a way of making herself known without need an introduction or music. "Much better, ma'am. Am I in the way or...?" You asked turning to face her. Organna smiles warmly. "You're fine. Just wanted to see how your aim is faring right now." "Its always sharp, ma'am." Poe's confidence must have seeped into you through that ass grab. "Are you up for footwork? I'm going in and I doubt anyone is going to let me without a gun over my shoulder." The General's words never seemed to be harsh or were a complete order but neither was this a question you would feel right saying no to. "I didn't join to watch." You say, more as a comment then an agreement. Notes: You might notice how lame this chapter is. That is because emotionial moments suck and I hate them. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Under every great man series