Moments In moments like these he could almost feel the frost spreading across his heart. Hardening it to the world, to the feelings of pain, fear, caring... love. It was easier, a mantra, it was easier. But was it really? Could a king, a ruler, an Emperor, a Surpreme Leader hold these back on their own all the time? If not, then why did a General have too? Why did he have to be the one to step up, stand straight when others were allowed their weaknesses? In moments like these, he could feel the fire within, consuming and raging, burning his heart till black. Enduring and hiding, using instead the rage to survive. The weaknesses twisted so only the rage remained, the pain, worked through and hidden behind the mask. Why did he have to push through the pain? Why was he always meant to be strong, instead of allow tears? Everyone had tough parts in their pasts, but did that mean his own had to be discredited? Seen as tantrums? The flame was burning, the ice was stinging. They both spread fast and couldn't be contained. They were natural, emotional, part of the earth, and the people that held them made in its image. In moments like these the heat didn't consume or overbear, the other feelings could be felt and there wasn't a drive to be stronger. In moments like these the cold didn't spread, or guard and all the emotions could be felt, no strictness or expectations. They lay side by side, skin of moonlight specked by beauty marks, entwined with limbs doused by gentle freckles. To say the word love would not be adequate, but love was a word they both had trouble understanding, so take it they did and a new mantra made. Love, love, love. It rang with a better sound than any other fighters words could hold. Kisses shared in the dark, stars glinted, changed, and some went out. In the face of the crew, their anger prevailed, their masks unbroken until doors closed and clothes were dropped. There was no Lord Ren... just Ren... and no General Hux... just Hux. For moments alone were sometimes scarce but always taken advantage of. Green, locked to brown in the dimness of a silent chamber, blankets strewn and knotted up with former movements. The ice melted by the fire, and the fire since doused by the water not long after, as lazy touches could be shared. Ren felt himself smile against ginger strands before the man in his arms turned and pressed another kiss to full lips. In moments like these, they could be at peace. Chapter 2 : Everything We Wanted Notes: former mpreg mention... She was beautiful, and strong, fierce, and intimidating.... everything her parents dreamed and more. Vibrant red hair, that caught the light as it hung by her face. Slight waves, that cascaded down to her chin. Her eyes were vibrant amber brown, and the turn of her full lips into dark smirks showed her parents influence. Hux watched the girl training, her movements precise and smooth, her force sensitivity gaining level with every session, he couldn't be more proud. He still remembered the day Ren came to his quarters, with a nervous step, not meeting his eyes. The mask had been removed the moment Kylo entered the man's quarters, and he fiddled with it as he stared down at his boots. Hux wasn't used to such a display from his lover of two years. Since finishing his training he'd become so sure of himself and it threw the General for a loop. "Ren, darling, if you have something to say do say it, I have been delaying this work and it's finally caught up with me." The man sighed and cursed his past self for becoming so distracted. A sniffle was released to the air and there was the metallic thump of the Knights mask hitting the floor. Armitage dropped his datapad back to the desk and was at his partners side in an instant, concern evident. "Ren what's happened?" He demanded. Kylo sniffled again and Hux wiped away a few tears that escaped from his beautiful amber brown eyes. The younger man's voice slowly wavered out after a moment and the redhead felt as if the breath was kicked out of him. "I-I was feeling sick, so I went to the med bay.....I'm.. pregnant." He'd been so afraid at the time to tell the General, so afraid he wouldn't be accepted, that their daughter wouldn't be accepted, but Hux knew as he watched Ren teaching Vada in the ways of the force that he had never been happier. Armitage wouldn't have pushed them away no matter what, even if the damn resistance had a gun to his head to walk away. "I think that's enough for the day wouldn't you say?" The older man gave a pointed look to Kylo, and the dark haired man smirked. "I think your fathers right." The young woman, Vada -honestly it had either been that or Dartha and Hux had said hell no- sighed and turned to the General. "Mother was just going to show me how to infiltrate minds." Kylo walked over and stroked his fingers through the girls red hair. "There's always tomorrow, and we didn't have lunch, so we should get some dinner in you." Vada nodded and at her parents light prodding, she ran ahead toward the officers lounge. Kylo wrapped his arms around the older mans neck and pressed a deep kiss to his lips, The man's gloved hands coming to rest on his waist. "You two need to stop skipping meals." Hux scolded and gave the slightly taller man's ass a slap. The Knight jolted and hummed happily. "Yes sir, General." His eyes darkened with lust and Armitage chuckled sexily. "Later my pet, when Vada's asleep, then you're all mine." Chapter 3 : Sunday Sermon Notes: slight violence, cross dressing... The building had tall spires, long red drapery hanging outside the double doors, holding the symbol of the First Order church. An old building, of black stone, intricate arches, and even guards donned in white armor and helmets to protect its flock. It gave her the creeps, as she stepped toward the entance with her husband and son at her side. "You're making a mistake." The young man tried to protest his parents violent plan. Leia stopped and turned putting a hand to his shoulder, and pushing a strand of hair out of his face that had escaped the red and black veil. "We've done our reasearch, we're sorry Ben, but we have to do this." Han sighed and pat the tall man on the back. "We'll make it quick, promise." Leia Solo still remembered when their son came to them and with no amount of shame expressed he was now a nun for the First Order church. He changed everything, even his name. Going by Sister Kylo Ren, and she and Han hadn't been sure how to act. They were partly happy their son was pursuing something, until they found out the darkness behind what he was involved in. Ren's parents were rebellion hunters, a class of people that hunted demonic beings in their universe to protect others. With some digging they found out the leader of this flock had been around an odd amount of years. Father Hux was strangely young looking for the long history he'd supposedly experienced. "He's not a demon!" Kylo moved in front of his parents, stopping them from entering in the middle of service, his habit flaring with his movement. "You're acting insane." Unfortunately, thier boy had developed a fondness for the priest they were gunning for. "Ben, we made sure we had the right man." Leia tried to calm him, as he became more and more upset. His father passed him to walk right in. "Don't call me that, you know it's Kylo Ren, I've been renamed in the soul of the First Order." The older woman sighed sadly and pulled her son to one side before following Han into the building. Sister Ren felt sick as he ran after them, the three stopping in the entrance. At the alter stood the impeccably dressed priest, the pews filled with followers. Father Hux held a presence unlike any other, strict and authoritative, seeming so much taller than his six one stance. The ginger haired man looked up from the words before him and a slow dark smirk came to rest on his lips. He continued the sermon, for the time being ignoring the couple that had entered with his favorite nun. "...And they came to learn that it was not the darkness at all, but the light they had required in their lives all along. For the Supreme Leader was just, and good, causing purity and dispelling the non believers.." He closed the book with a nod. "Amen." The crowd of people bowed their heads, hands clasped as there was a repeat of 'amen' amongst them, Kylo included. "Han and Leia Solo." Hux set the book next to the altar candles before clasping his gloved hands behind his back. The flock shifted and looked curiously toward the couple. Slowly the priest stepped down the stairs, walking down the aisle toward them. "Yes, my darling Sister Ren has told me much about you, Rebellion hunters." Han's grip shifted on his hidden gun, and Leia reached for the Rebel crusafix in her coat. "Please." Kylo whispered, his hand reaching for the saber at his belt, he didn't want to use it, but he'd protect the man he'd fallen in love with. His father however didn't waste time, shocked gasps and a shout filled the church as Hux stumbled back with a smoking hole in his stomach. Ren realized after a moment he'd been the one to shout, his father holding out his gun. The priest stumbled and a shaking hand came up to his bleeding stomach. "Th-that was rather uncalled for..." He coughed and Kylo was running to him, ready to stem the bleeding. He came to a jolted stop as eyes he once knew as green drew up, blacked out, empty. Hux smirked to show teeth sharpening into something deadly. "Silver? My dears, that would be Hell Hounds... Try again." Chapter 4 : Sunday Sermon 2 Notes: blood, non main character death, cross dressing.. Red... it slid across the white tiles, a violent puddle, a stark contrast. Liquid dripped between the tiles, staining, and creating long outlines. The pale disfigured face stared up at the ceiling, inhuman eyes foggy and glassy, empty. The Supreme Leaders body was just starting to grow cold. Once lording upon a throne, the demon God of the flock now out of the picture. A gloved hand tossed aside the now useless gun, the rebel crucifix glinting on the barrel. Obtaining the weapon had been a bit of a pain, but Sister Ren had been all too happy to help him; and now it had served it's purpose. His shined shoes tapped lightly across the floor, as he slowly ascended to the high backed throne. Black stone, intricate and welcoming, with a velvet backing and cushion of blood red, truly a throne fit for a proper God. Killing a demon was of course easier when one was a demon themselves, but the priest would never discount the work his dear nun had done for him, it was after all very difficult to get a hold of such weaponry from the Resistance Hunters. He'd been planning this for years, centuries in fact, and as they said victory was sweet. Father Hux relaxed back into the throne with a sharp toothed smirk coming to his lips. The flock was officially his, every follower, every prayer, every filthy little confession. Those of the First Order would call out to a new Lord, a new savior...Him, as it should have been. Snoke had been weak, decrepit, blind to what they could truly become...the power they could hold over the masses. But now...that wouldn't be a problem. Hux's lovely blue green hues opened at the sound of steps on the tile flooring. The black and red habit had always looked so lovely on the force sensitive nun, the slit up one side showing a garter strap that held rosy thigh highs encasing pale legs. The peek of flesh at the chest, showing through the circular cut of the outfit, such lovely cleavage for a young man. Elegant cherry heels avoided the puddle of blood so as not to be ruined as Kylo stepped up to bow at the feet of the former priest. "That is unnecessary, Sister." The ginger smiled and held out a gloved hand. With a smooth and sweet movement, the young Sith nun was astride his lap."Father-... Apologies... Lord Hux, you did it..." He smiled with all the radiance of a proud wife. The demon's hand wrapped around Ren's waist and he pressed a kiss to the man's cheek, careful to not mar his makeup. "No my pet, we did it..." He hummed thoughtfully, eyes flickering to a dead empty black. "Lord Hux... I quite like the sound of that."