Drag My Teeth Across Your Chest and Taste Your Beating Heart The forest around you was silent as you road along, the wind rattling through the trees your only company as your horse’s hooves crunched along in the snow. You yourself were quiet, the steady rocking of your stocky mare making your eyes droop as you held loosely onto the reins. Knowing very well that you couldn’t fall asleep and weren’t horribly far from home, you straightened out your back and yawned, upper body twisting slightly in the saddle to glance back at the wooly corpse of the wunderbeast as you towed it along, snow catching and matting in its fur. Bastard hadn’t been too hard to track and kill; it made your job immensely easier that the sky had opened up and blessed the land with its first snowfall of the year. The creatures weren’t exactly dangerous either but despite their size and how they could stand and walk upon their hind legs like a bear, they made for rather devious chicken thieves and since having migrated through the Monsters’ Glade, they made for rather increasingly frustrating adversaries for foxes. You would get a pretty penny from the butcher and knew enough about tanning to preserve the fur. The beasty would make a nice rug in front of your hearth. Or perhaps you would give it to Hux. Wunderbeasts weren’t a very common creature in your neck of the woods, elusive as they were. The pelt could very much make a fine gift for the dashing redheaded foreigner. Your horse suddenly shook her mane out and snorted. “Oh, hush now, you,” you lightly chastised her, smirking as you reached forward and lightly ruffled the thick fur on her neck, “We’re almost home. Just another hour or two. Just think, I’ll give you a nice treat when we get home. The barn warm, Lucio waiting in the stall beside you—” You had your mouth open to continue but your mare’s ears suddenly pricked, her head turning to the side. Immediately, you grew quiet, instinctively sinking lower to her person as your eyes cast themselves over the darkening wood. When had it gotten so dark? You didn’t have much time to question the dying sunlight when you heard what sounded like a sob. A very human sob. Minerva moving passed the base of the tree, you peered around its thick trunk and saw the crumbled form in the darkness, huddled against the snowy ground. “Aw, shit… Woah.” You pulled on her reins and came to a stop, fluidly sliding from the saddle. You narrowed your eyes and pulled your rifle free from the fine leather sheath you had draped over your saddle horn to hang down over the side. You slipped the strap over your shoulder and proceeded forward slowly, one hand steadying your gun against your back while the other rested on your large silver knife. When you were only a few feet away, you decided to speak so you wouldn’t startle them so horribly, “Hello…?” The form made a noise of distress and was shifting, as if attempting to crawl away from you. However, an ebony head of hair emerged from the tattered edge of the pale brown cloak. An equally dark set of eyes stared back at you, the pair of them blown wide with fear as they stared back at your approaching form. “Are… Are you okay?” You tried again, stopping so that you wouldn’t scare them away. It took them a moment to speak, the tattered cloak shifting around your person and suddenly a bare foot was slipping out from beneath it, the pale skin a barely there contrast against the snow. “N-No…” The person sputtered, a man you realized by the depth of his voice. “I was r-robbed by three men on my way home.” He pulled the cloak tighter around him, “They-They took everything. And they threw me down and beat me while stripping me of my things. My ankle hurts and h-has become very swollen.” You frowned softly but nonetheless moved forward, your hands setting your gun down onto the snow as you neared the man. “Shit…” You inched forward and were glad that the man did not retreat from you this time. You reached out and lightly drew the cloak away from his face, taking note of the light bruising coloring his features. However, despite the wounds, the man was breathtakingly beautiful; honeyed, soulful eyes, a long nose, and plush lips. His hair looked to be silky smooth to the touch. “Men did this to you?” You went to pull back his cloak but the man held fast to the edge, cheeks flushing sharply as he concealed himself. “They even took all of my clothes.” “Oh, fuck. Come on, then, here.” You unclipped your own white werewolf’s pelt and walked across the ground on your knees so that you could wrap him in its warmth. You carefully laid it around his shoulder and shaking hands emerged to take hold of it. “You said you were on your way home, then? Where do you live?” “J-Just that way,” he pointed back into the forest, towards the looming mountainside in the distance, “I have a cave that I use as a hunting lodge during the winter. It’s warm inside the mountain.” You frowned softly, not really enjoying entertaining the idea of returning to the depths of the glen. “Can you walk?” You asked and he winced and flexed his bared ankle, only to shake his head a moment later. “We aren’t too far away from the village, we could make it before it gets dark—” “No! We don’t have time for that!” The man was suddenly insisting, his hand grabbing your wrist almost in desperation. “We’re still deep enough in the Monsters’ realm that we won’t make it before nightfall. And of all people, you no doubt know what that means.” You lifted your head and looked out at the sinking sun. Unfortunately, he was right. “My cave is just beyond that glade over there, we could make it in time and even have time to gather firewood for the night.” You hummed low in your chest, teeth nibbling your lower lip as you debated. You very briefly looked at the man before you on the ground and the way he shook as he almost desperately held onto your wrist and your fur cloak. You sighed, “Very well.” You had to help the man from the ground, easing him to a standing position and you were amazed when he towered over you. Still, you swallowed and said nothing on the matter, your hand retrieving your rifle before you were slinging the man’s arm over your shoulder, helping him to limp along the snow ground to Minerva. You gave him a slight boost up onto the stocky horse’s back before swinging up into the saddle and seating yourself in the leather, allowing the man to provide you direction towards his lodge. You traveled along in silence for a few minutes, horse plodding along quietly through the snowy wood. “How much farther?” You asked. “Just up that way,” he pointed over your shoulder, one of his hands grasping the back of your coat to stay on the horse’s back. “Not much farther now.” You lapsed back into silence for a bit, the void in the air making you uncomfortable, “What’s your name?” “Kylo Ren.” Eventually you arrived at what evidently Kylo’s “hunting lodge”, though it more or less just looked like a barely noticeable hole in the side of the mountain. Still, you slid from the horse and helped the man down, a hiss escaping from his lips when he landed partially on his bad leg. “There’s an old torch and lantern hidden near the entrance somewhere. I think I’ll be able to-to get into the den if I have the wall to help me. Could you-Do you think you could go get some firewood? It’s warm but still can get chilly as the night wears on.” You simply nodded and watched as he walked on, pale hands digging through the snow until there was a rough squeak as the handle of the lantern was pulled free, allowing the glass casing to swing down. You couldn’t really see what he was doing but then suddenly there was orange light flickering to life on first the lantern and then the torch. “Here,” he offered you the lantern and you took it. He then winced once more and began to enter into the cave, the torch in his hand. He disappeared behind a thick wall of vines, their color still rich and green despite the snow. Still, you didn’t question it and slowly turned to head back out into the tree line, the lantern your only hope in the darkness as you clung to your rifle. The trip into the mountain was long and laborious, unsettling you entirely for some reason. Still, you pressed on as your eyes cautiously searched the stone walls around you. Your rifle was slung over your shoulder, arms full of firewood as you had the lantern balanced in the crook of one of the small branches. As the fixture swung, it distorted the walls and cast vicious looking shadows along the craggy outcroppings. You breathed a heavy sigh of relief when you saw light flickering up ahead and hurried towards it, the walls around you suddenly opening up into a larger room. You were so confused as you walked forward, a fire already burning on a set of logs across the room. The torch itself was discarded on the ground near the maw of an entrance. “Kylo?” Your eyes scanned the room, taking in the large nest of a silken bed in the corner of the cave, as well as the jars and old tomes decorating what appeared to be naturally forged rock ledges. There was also a large wooden tub in the corner of the room. You frowned softly when you took notice that the man was missing. Where had he gotten to? There was no other place for him to go? However, from behind you a suddenly large shadow was casting itself over your form, a low chuckle seeming to resonate around the entirety of the cave, “Mmm, very good little hunter.” You turned quickly then the lantern swinging wildly as you did so. “I was starting to worry you’d gotten lost.” You blinked rapidly, frowning at the man who now stood before the cave’s entrance, your were pelt draped haphazardly around his arms, the fur just barely slipped off his pale shoulders, revealing his broad shoulders and sharp collarbones. You had to admit that the snowy down contrasted beautifully beside his ebony waves. However, he was standing normally now, as if his ankle didn’t bother him in the slightest. What unsettled you the most though was how his once innocent, dark eyes were now hooded and almost looked as though they glowed gold and reflected the firelight. “It-It did get really dark out… Sorry,” You swallowed thickly and turned away from him then to deposit the wood near the rest of the fire. Dusting off your hands, you straightened up then and turned back around, only to find the man looming behind you. You gasped and stumbled back slightly, taken off guard. He held your gaze for a long moment before he allowed your furs to slip from his shoulders and off his body, revealing his impeccable physique, his cock hanging heavily between his legs. He smiled at you then when he noticed your wandering eyes and how your breath caught, his plump lips drawing back over a pair of glistening fangs. “Oh, fucking-fucking shit…” Your voice shook as you yanked your gun from your shoulder but when you drew the hammer back, the dark haired man simply chuckled. “There will be no need for that,” he continued to beam at you but when you pulled the trigger as he stepped closer, there was the click but there was no bang. Your eyes were wide as saucers as he reached forward then and seized hold of the cold barrel of your weapon, his muscles rippling as he yanked the weapon so easily from your vice of a grip. Kylo chuckled lowly again and when you blinked he was towering further over you, if possible. Your heart absolutely seized in your chest when his entire physical form changed, thick horns sprouting from the top of his head. His ears were still pale and pointed but were still where human ears were on his head. When you looked down, his once meaty thighs had taken on a goat-like form, the hair covering his legs now as dark has his hair. A long, panther like tail twitched as it hung from his tailbone. And his hands and forearms were now stained an inky black, nails long and dangerously sharp. You didn’t move at all, frozen in place for the first time in so many years of all your hunting. Fuck. Oh, shit-Oh, fucking shit you were dead. So very dead. Kylo huffed out a laugh, “You’ve already resigned yourself to your fate.” You swallowed thickly and looked at your feet, the beast’s hooves softly clicking against the floor as he circled around you. His gait seemed to be surprisingly agile despite being what you could only guess as a satyr. His long tail flicked once more as it hung heavy, almost dragging on the floor behind him. “I’ve been watching you for some time now, little hunter. Watching… learning.” He hummed low in his chest, “You intrigue me.” “W-Why?” you couldn’t stop your voice from shaking, “Because I’m a woman?” “Don’t be so naive. I have fucked and will fuck any creature that catches my interest, regardless of their sex.” He leaned forward then, stopping at your side so he could press his nose into your hair, the tip of it brushing over the shell of your ear. He breathed in hard, “Mmm and you just smell so good.” “What do you want from me?” He brushed your hair back from your neck, your entire body tense as he stood behind you, the beast having to duck down slightly to lightly lick at your neck, one of his sharp fangs dragging along your skin before he nibbled at you. He was then stripping your heavy coat from your shoulders, your eyes squeezing shut as your eyes suddenly pricked with tears. “You already know, little hunter.” Above all things, this isn’t how you thought you’d die. One of his clawed hands roughly tugged on your belt and it clattered noisily to the ground, Kylo’s mouth sealing onto your neck, his lips surprisingly tender as he skirted up the column of your throat so that he could suck on your earlobe. His tongue swirled around the flesh, teeth lightly biting down on it before he was chuckling softly and then withdrawing from you. “I want you to want me, be absolutely dripping for me, when I take you. You will want me, pet.” Again, you listened to his hooves click as he crossed around back in front of you, slowly pacing as if stalking his prey. “The ginger hunter… Hux… You fancy him,” Kylo chuckled softly and smirked when you looked up at him slowly from beneath your lashes. He held your gaze for a long moment before he began to pace once more. “You find him… pleasing… Desirable.” He disappeared around your side and crossed back behind you, prowling along at a teasing pace before suddenly, the clicking stopped. Instead, there was the soft slapping off bare feet and suddenly, Hux was slowly walking into view, his pale features perfectly replicated before you, his strong jaw and carved cheekbones. If you hadn’t known you were dealing with a monster, you would have thought it was the beautiful hunter. He was entirely naked, the beast unable to replicate clothes evidently. He was broad chested and strong, a hint of softness lingering around his belly. His cock was hard and was nested in a hair of wiry strawberry blond curls. He wore the same smirk Kylo had and his eyes still glowed gold for a moment before they faded to the soft blues that the redhead’s eyes typically were. And then he was straightening his back out, standing tall to replicate the image of the man you held in your mind’s eye. The smirk was different now, softer. And yet, the lust in his eyes was very real. “Hello, Y/N.” Your breath shuddered in your throat and you licked your lips before swallowing thickly because, fuck, his voice was perfect, too. “Ahh… there it is. Your wanting. Your lust .” Stepping closer to you, he cupped your face and dipped his head to brush his nose against yours, your mouths making contact a moment later. His lips were insistent over your own and after a moment, you sighed and for a moment forgot. For the beast that he was, he kissed you tenderly, gently warming you up to his touch as he himself breathed hard, hot breath ghosting over your face. You tilted your head and whimpered softly as you allowed him to deepen the kiss, his hot tongue slipping over your own, massaging it before he skillfully stroked it over the roof of your mouth. He took your hands into his own and lifted them, placing one on his chest while the other rubbed your palm up his neck. His fingers left you to to your own accord after a moment, your digits slipping up higher to thread through Hux’s short ginger locks while your others lightly scratched over his chest. Meanwhile, he undid the ties on the front of your tunic and only separated from you to pull it over your head, his lips seeking yours immediately after. Deft fingers undid the ties of your binder at your back, undoing the string entirely so it just fell off your person. His hands lifted and when you opened your eyes for a moment, you swore his own pair were gold once more, hungry gaze devouring your chest. You couldn’t help but shudder slightly beneath his touch as he squeezed you, mind suddenly darting back to the first Kylo you had known: his human form. How strong he looked, his angelic face, his baritone purr of a voice. You thought about how easily he could lift you, pin you down or to the wall; how the sinew of his rippling muscles might look as he fucked you. He stroked his thumbs over your nipples only once before he was hesitating, eyes slowly lifting to seek your own. “But… what’s this?” The smirk on Hux’s face was once more Kylo’s. “You find… my human form to be pleasant as well. You desire it as much as you desire Hux.” You blinked and suddenly, the dark haired man stood before you again. This time, though, his eyes remained gold as he dipped forward to kiss you. Kylo skirted behind you, fingers trailing lightly over your side until he stood behind you. His soft thumbs rolled over your nipples and then down your chest, one skirting up the exposed column of your throat while the other dipped lower slipping beneath the waistband of your pants. His thick fingers brushed over your folds, finding a slickness there that he used to coat his fingers before he was curling them into you. You released a breathy gasp, resigned to enjoy this one last fuck if the beast was going to eat you afterwards. You couldn’t help yourself when you began to rock into his palm, the fleshy bone rubbing over your clit as he pumped his fingers up into you. Your hands scrabbled for his arm, gripping him as you let your head fall back, Kylo’s mouth sucking on your neck hard enough to leave dark, stained marks on your skin. He let loose a low growl as he bit down on the space just beneath your jaw as he rutted his thick, hard cock against your backside. Removing his fingers from you, he easily lifted you and you yelped, his arm slipping around your waist so he could carry you the few short feet to the nest. He dropped you heavily onto the padded silks and furs on his raised bed, his hands reaching for your legs to nearly rip your pants down them. He also sat back a moment and yanked your boots from your feet so that he could toss them uselessly to the side, your socks following a short moment later. He then gathered both of your ankles into one palm, maneuvering your legs so that Kylo could lie down beside you. He then spread your leg back over him, draping your thigh over his hip as your shoulder rested back against his sternum. Collecting some of your juices from your cunt, he spread the slick over his cock and all it took was some careful maneuvering with his hand and the head of his thick cock was pressing into your slit. “ Ah! O-Oh…” You gasped softly as he rocked his hips up into you, sinking further and further into you with each upwards stroke. “Oh… Oh! Hmmngh!” “Mmm, so warm and tight around me. Ah, you’re enjoying this, aren’t you?” Kylo cooed as he continued to rock into you, mouthing along your shoulder. You only whimpered in response as he smiled against your flesh. For awhile, you both just breathed each other in, eyes hazy as you began to rock your hips down onto his cock. You breathed the same air for a few long minutes, mouths open slightly as you panted into each other over your shoulder. Your hand reached up and over your head, fingers tangling into his hair, tugging lightly before you guided his soft lips back to your mouth, your needy whimpers and moans being swallowed by the wet heat. Humming, he kissed you deeply for a long moment before he pressed careful kisses across your cheek and down to your jaw where he began to lazily suck on your neck once more, trailing his lips first down and then back up your throat so that he could curl his tongue around your earlobe, his teeth lightly clamping down on it as he sucked it into his mouth once more. He then released you with a soft pop, his mouth pulled back into a smile as he nuzzled at the back of your ear. He then groaned, your pussy clenching tightly around him. His large hand circled around your front, roughly squeezing your breast, kneading at it roughly before he scratched his nails down your belly. He wrung the most beautiful sounds from you as he abused your clit with his talented fingers, your back arching off his chest as he continued to pump his hips up into you, thick cock rubbing perfectly over your walls while the head bumped your cervix with each pass. “Oh, little hunter, you take my cock so well.” He hissed and you released a soft squeak when he slapped you hard on the rear, the hit stinging a moment before he soothed over the tender flesh with his thumb. You gasped and let out a soft whine of protest as he was suddenly slipping from you, your eyes opening fully once more. He pushed your leg off him and then rose onto his knees, hovering over you as he pulled you towards him, your ass now in his lap as he draped your legs over his broad shoulders. A mewl escaped you as he stuffed himself back into you, filling you to the hilt once more. He then began to saw into you earnestly, large hands cradling your ass. Pounding into you, his breathing began ragged as you cried out sharply with each thrust, his throbbing head running over that beautiful spot inside of you. He ducked his head low, devilish tongue wringing around one of your nipples, his teeth biting down ever so gently. Your head fell back with a loud moan, the coil in your belly winding so tight now. You could feel yourself getting so close, your orgasm just beyond your reach. “Gods, fuck .” Kylo hissed, his short thrusts lengthening a moment, his strikes long and deep into you. He then chuckled and resumed his punishing pace, meaty thighs having no problem keeping up such frantic fucking, “How does it feel? How does it feel being fucked by a monster? By the very thing you loathe?” He growled, burying his face into your neck. You were nearly folded in half at this point, tears dripping from the corners of your eyes as you felt his cock beginning to pulse inside you, knowing that he himself was getting close. Your jaw had fallen perpetually slack as he punched breathy moans out of you with each thrust. Your hand was in his silken locks, tugging hard while the other raked its nails up and down his rippling back. “Cum for me,” he hissed low into your ear, the thumb of his hand that was cupping your ass rubbing over your puckered hole, the extra sensation causing you to wail as he also rubbed over your clit. “Cum on my cock, little hunter. Milk my cock. Take it .” You absolutely screamed as something inside you snapped, white hot waves of pleasure coursing through you as your climax reached its peak. You felt yourself clamping down hard around him, walls spasming as he continued to fuck you through your orgasm. He growled, a low rumbling sound that resonated from his chest as he straightened your legs up in the air, pulling them from his shoulders so he could press your thighs together, making your pussy all the tighter as your walls continued to grip at him, milking him for all his worth as he rutted hard into you. His hips suddenly came to a stuttering halt, his hot seed pouring into you. He let loose a low moan, jaw falling slack as he thrust himself balls deep in you, some of his seed spurting from your swollen cunt, your pussy continuing to spasm as you came down from your high. Your walls clenched a final time more around him before he pulled out and you winced at the sticky sound it made. However, it didn’t appear as though the beast was done with you, Kylo lifting your hips even higher into his lap so that he could lick at your sensitive folds, unnaturally long tongue delving deep into your core. He hummed in pleasure as he lapped up his own cum and your juices, the taste of them together a heady combination. Your breath caught once more as he lapped you clean, softly sucking at your clit a finally time. Once you were evidently clean, he let your thighs fall slack on either side of him and then he crawled up your body so that he could kiss you, his large hand cupping your cheek as his tongue delved into your mouth to share what cum he hadn’t yet swallowed. Your heart was absolutely hammering in your chest despite your exhaustion, your mind racing with the possibilities of what was to come. However, when the beast let out a sound that could have been a purr and curled around your prone form, you were extremely confused, your eyes blinking rapidly at the ceiling. Kylo even had the gall pulled a number of the furs up and around you, his nose burying itself into your hair as he pulled you close, his long tail present once more as it flicked across the covers and rested over your belly, twitching contentedly a few times. You hadn’t even realized that you had fallen asleep but when you woke up, Kylo was still asleep beside you, his massive form having rolled away from you. The furs had also slipped off of his person, the taught globes of his pale ass glowing in the low light from the fire as his heavy tail rested over the covers atop you. You kept your breathing quiet, listening as the beast continued to breathe heavily in his slumbering state. And yet, you couldn’t help it when you stretched, foot accidentally brushing Kylo’s beneath the covers. Gods above, you felt so well fucked . Dirty but in a satisfying way, both your sweat and the beast’s having dried together on your skin. Still, besides that, there was still a very large chance that you were going to become his next meal. And you absolutely weren't going to let that happen. Remaining calm, you allowed your eyes to scan the room, looking for your weapons. Instead, you found that your boots were discarded nearby and you could see the glint of your small silver knife sheathed inside, a last resort you always kept there. Licking your lips nervously, you sat up ever so slightly and reached down into the worn leather, fingers closing around the hilt. Suddenly, the beast behind you was shifting, back arching as he stretched his limbs and breathed deeply. His tail shuddered as it lifted momentarily from the furs, only to rest there once again a moment later. However, Kylo was turning his head in your direction, hooded gold eyes searing into you from across the covers. His fangs — now rematerialized — lightly protruded from his plump upper lip. With a low groan, he was smirking and then crawling towards you on his elbows across the bed, the monster coming to hovering over you soon after. He beamed darkly down at you, his hand skimming down your bare body before it slipped beneath the covers to seek out your well-used pussy, large fingers dipping into your folds once more. You couldn’t help yourself when you released a breathy sigh, arching into his touch slightly despite your exhaustion. Fuck, it felt so good, the way he rubbed his fingertips against your front walls, how he rolled your clit with his thumb. But again, you weren’t about to get eaten. And this looked as good a chance to get away as any. When Kylo bent to suck and nip at your collar bone, you lifted the hand and pressed the blade of the knife to the base of his throat. Kylo absolutely froze, body going rigid over when when he felt the press of the cool silver. The blade, reacting against his monster blood and dark magic, began to burn the skin it touched. Drawing back, his golden eyes held yours, your stare like iron. Slowly, he slipped his fingers from you and leaned back, your knife following him so that you could rise as well until you were now the one on top, his back pressing slowly into his plush pillows and furs as he lay back down. Neither of you looked away, not once. Kylo seemed unfazed by the knife burning his throat, just laid back sprawled in his next. You then rose, slowly backing off and away from the bed. “Leaving so soon?” He cooed, that same lazy smirk on his face. He playfully wobbled his raised knee back and forth, uncaring that he was entirely on display before you. “I didn’t plan on being a meal today. I don’t plan on being a meal tomorrow. I can’t let anything eat me right now. I have too many monsters to kill.” You slowly began to collect your discarded clothes. “And yet you haven't slain me?” He tilted his head slightly, playfully. “You’re no longer afraid of me.” “No… No , I am,” you insisted, “I just won’t be intimidated by you. I will fucking kill you if you come near me again.” You warned, keeping our knife brandished as you filled your arms. You then began to hastily dress when Kylo seemed to be losing interest in you, his eyes instead focusing on the sticky slick between his fingers and how it strung between the digits when he spread them. Yanking your gun onto your shoulder and slinging your belt next to it, you snatched your were-pelt from the ground and began to back from cave. “Farewell, little hunter,” Kylo called after you, smirking still from his place on his bed, “Until next we meet.” “No, no , fuck no . The next time I see you, you'll be fucking dead .” The man chuckled softly, “We’ll see…” Making sure that you were watching, he sucked his fingers into his mouth, lips making loud sucking noises as he cleaned your juices from his digits. “You’ll be back, little lamb.” He purred, blowing you a kiss before he sniffed his fingers and lazily wrapped his long tongue around them once more. When you backed away until he was no longer in sight, you turned and ran for your life. Still, the throbbing, well used sensation remained in your pussy for days after, your mind constantly thinking of the dashing monster and his haunting words. You’ll be back, little lamb. Notes: Thanks for reading! Also, these prompts were not written in this particular order but I wanted the timeline to be more organized so I'll be inserting the prompts so that you're reading them like how the story happens. If you liked what you read, go ahead and leave a kudo, maybe even a comment! Thanks, Blue