Contact Ben was late again. The ‘you done fucked up’ alarm he had set with the most obnoxious sound his phone could make shot through his head. When he looked at it, he had three missed calls from the chief. Fuck. He was out the door before he was fully conscious. He popped a stick of gum in the cab, dragged his fingers through his hair, checked his shirt for stains. The moment he walked through the door, Poe met him with a black coffee. “You look like shit.” “Overslept.” “You reek of alcohol.” Ben rolled his eyes and lifted an arm to check and… yeah. Poe was right. He smelled like a barroom floor. “Chief's pissed you're late. Your new partner is waiting.” Ben burned his tongue on the coffee, but it took some of the fuzziness out of his head. “Fucking christ, this shit again?” “You need a partner, Ben,” Poe muttered in exasperation. “We were a good team.” Poe shrugged. “Not good enough. Shit happens, Benny. Get in there before Skywalker murders you.” Ben made a face and pushed open the door to the Chief's office. He wasn’t happy. He stared up at Ben with his mouth in a thin line and sheer disappointment in his eyes. “Benjamin.” Ben shrugged with one shoulder. “Traffic.” Luke narrowed his eyes. When he finally moved, it was to motion to someone sitting behind Ben on a bench and he said, “Ben Solo, meet your new partner.” Ben whirled around and tried not to let his sheer disbelief show. His ‘new partner’ was a little girl. At least she looked that way. She was shorter than Ben by at least six inches, slight and lithe and, in Ben’s honest opinion, far too pretty to be in law enforcement. A face like that belonged somewhere with a...more lax dress code and no chance of acquiring a broken nose. She bounced to her feet, a wide smile on her face, and stuck out her hand, talking over the chief before he could finish introducing her. “Rey Kenobi, Detective Solo. I’m so pleased to meet you.” Ben grudgingly stuck out his hand, and Rey shook it with a grin. “Ben,” Luke said, smiling, “I think you and Kenobi will be a good team. I--” Ben cut him off. “You’re joking right?” “Why would I be joking?” “No, I mean.” Ben turned and glared pointedly at Rey before looking back to Luke. “I need a partner who can watch my back. If you would just reassign Poe--” “Dameron doesn’t want to partner with you anymore, Ben. He’s happy with his K9 unit. You’re the one who screwed--” Luke paused deliberately and Ben felt his ears go red. “That up so I don’t have much of a choice in having to reassign you. Kenobi’s green but she’s got promise. She needs a teacher.” “I don’t--” Rey began sharply. Ben groaned loudly. “Fine. But you owe me.” “Yeah, yeah, keep dreaming, kid,” Luke muttered, sounding alarmingly like his ex-brother-in-law. Ben scowled and pretended not to see the way the girl was glaring at him, arms crossed over her thin chest. “I’ve got a body for you two. You’re lucky, Ben. I almost gave Phasma and Finn first dibs, you were so late.” Ben sipped his coffee and tried to ignore his burned tongue. “What is it?” Luke’s lips got thin. “From the looks of it, another General murder. But something’s off. I’m a little worried we might have a copy cat on our hands. His name is Snoke. He’s a businessman, runs a company called First Order Acquisitions. Cause of death appears identical, but choice of victim is a real deviation for the General. Here’s the file. You and Kenobi get on it now.” “A copy cat,” Ben muttered, the hairs on the back of his neck lifting as he studied the sparse file. “It would have to be a damn good copy. His crime scenes are immaculate. I don’t even think I could leave a scene that flawless.” Ben paused, eyes glazing as he looked at the page. That was an odd thing to say. When he lifted his head, Luke was staring at him thoughtfully. “Then our guy has branched out. Whatever the case, I trust you’ll figure it out.” Luke smiled and Ben tried not to squirm in discomfort. Luke had a habit of making Ben feel guilty for every misstep he’d ever taken in his life just by smiling at him. He really shouldn’t have been so late. “Yes, sir.” Ben turned and tugged the door open, motioned for Rey to go first. She marched out, head stiff on her neck, a slight chill that was most certainly directed at Ben sparkling in her eyes. “And Ben?” Luke added in an undertone before Ben could follow her. “Take a shower.” Ben grunted; Luke frowned at him. “Your mother is worried about you.” Ben groaned at the ceiling and shut the door on Rey. “She has nothing to be worried about, Uncle Luke. I’m fine. The world doesn’t come crashing down around my ears every time someone breaks up with me.” Luke shrugged. “We both know Poe’s not just anyone. Are you sure you don’t want to take a few days off? Just to get your head in order.” “We broke up six months ago . I’m a grown man. I’m fine. And I have a serial killer to catch. One mom is enough for me, alright?” “Alright, alright. And Ben? Take it easy on Kenobi. She’s got a lot of promise.” “By Kenobi, do you mean--? I mean, it’s not exactly a common name.” “His granddaughter.” Ben nodded, head spinning a little. “I thought he didn’t have kids.” “So did I. I guess we were wrong.” Ben stared at Luke for a long moment and then silently stepped out. He had a stick of deodorant in his desk. He had to fish around for it, knock aside the flask he kept in his bottom drawer, and the gum, the bottle of pills, and a pile of empty chip bags and office supplies he hadn’t cleaned out in God knew how long. He yanked his shirt up, stridently avoiding acknowledging the way Rey was glaring at him with her arms crossed, and swiped the stick under his arms to hopefully cover up the scent of metabolizing liquor with something that apparently smelled like ‘Eagle Claw.’ Whatever the fuck that meant. When he lowered his shirt, she was staring at him with her pert little nose wrinkled. “Do you always wear jeans and a T-shirt to work?” Ben scowled and noticed for the first time how well dressed she was-- her brown hair was pulled back in a weird little braid that looked like it had three levels, and she was wearing a perfectly pressed white button-up over tan slacks and what he imagined was a very stylish gauzy...open shirt… thing. He always forgot what those were called. “Only when I’m trying to piss the Chief off,” he replied, dropping the deoderant back in the drawer and fishing out the pill bottle. Rey snorted and Ben glanced at her in surprise. So she had a sense of humor at least. That was something. “Hey, Solo! Aren’t you going to introduce us to your friend?” Ben looked up to find Phasma standing at her desk and leering at Rey with a truly terrifying expression on her face. Rey lifted her brows and tilted her head back to track Phasma’s head, hovering about a foot above her own. “Rey, Phasma, Phasma, Rey,” Ben drawled, dry swallowing four excedrin and kicking the drawer closed. “Hi!” Rey said brightly. “Well, aren’t you adorable!” Phasma said cheerfully. Rey scowled. “I wouldn’t say--” “Leave her alone, Phasma,” a bright voice said from somewhere by Phasma’s elbow. “She’s already got Ben to deal with, she doesn’t need you too.” Finn took a step forward, holding out his hand, and said, “I’m Finn!” Poe was next, bounding across the room with BB-8’s leash in his hand and a huge grin on his face that Ben noticed didn’t fully reach his eyes. Rey shook all the hands that were thrust at her, smiled, repeated each name as it was spoken. Ben flipped through the folder while he waited for her to make the rounds. Rey spent the most time crouched on the ground, scratching BB-8 behind the ears. Ben couldn’t help glancing at the german shepherd with a bit of malice. It wasn’t her fault Poe had decided he’d rather partner with a dog than with Ben, but it still didn’t endear her to him. He’d always been a cat person anyway. “If you’re done playing with mutts,” he said finally, sparing Poe a decidedly vicious look, “We’ve got a case to get on. So.” “Oh, now you’re in a hurry?” Rey demanded startling laughter from all three of the people standing in front of her. Ben scowled again. “I mean, the guy’s not getting any deader I guess. Maybe a little riper.” Poe cleared his throat and muttered, “And speaking of ripe.” Ben shoved off from his desk and pushed through all of them. He shouldn’t have made fun of Poe’s stupid dog. But still. By the time he hit the sidewalk, Rey had caught up to him. “The Chief said this was a General case? You’re working on the General case?” “Yeah. It’s mine. I mean we’re all working on it, but I’m the lead. What do you know?” “Just what’s been in the papers. Guy carves stars on the shoulders of the people he’s killed?” Ben nodded grimly. “Anywhere from one to four stars on each shoulder. We still don’t know why. There doesn’t seem to be much of a pattern to it.” There hadn’t been much the papers hadn’t said-- mostly because Ben hadn’t found much of anything at any of the crime scenes. All six of the victims were different-- there were four men, and two women, all of varying race, and age. They were all petty criminals-- that was the only thing they seemed to have in common, but even the crimes were different. Drug offenses, DWI, domestic assault, theft, prostitution, the list went on. But it looked like the newest body was going to fuck up even that almost-pattern. “You drive?” he asked her. “Yeah, why?” “You can drive. We’re heading to the crime scene.” “What, you don’t drive?” Ben rolled his shoulder. “I don’t have a car.” That had been the agreement. Luke would make the DWI disappear if Ben put down the keys for a while. He’d parked his Honda Civic SI at his mother’s and hadn’t touched it in nearly half a year. “Weird,” Rey said brightly, wrinkling her nose. “Car’s this way.” Ben followed her. ~~~ Rey drove a Volkswagon Beetle. Ben actually swore when she clicked her keys and the canary yellow bug beeped in response. “What?” she demanded. “Figures you drive a fucking VW bug.” “What’s that supposed to mean?” “It’s just… not very… detective-y, is all.” “Detective-y.” “Yeah. Detective-y.” “And ripped jeans and a t-shirt are?” “Hey, fuck you, alright? I had a late night.” Rey smirked at him and climbed into her car. Ben was forced to follow. He barely fit. His broad shoulders and long legs didn’t quite want to fold into the bubble of the passenger seat. Maybe he would quit drinking. Just long enough for Luke and Leia and fucking Poe to stop trying to claim he had a problem. Ben could drive his own fucking car, for Christ’s sake. Like he gave a shit what they thought anyway. “So how come you and Poe split?” Rey asked the second the door closed. “What?” Ben asked, startled. “Dameron? Not your partner anymore? How come?” Ben peered sullenly out the window as Rey pulled out of the parking deck and maneuvered onto the street. “It’s complicated.” “Complicated like actually complicated or complicated like you two were boning and then you broke up?” Ben turned his head and peered at her in absolute amazement. Rey grinned. “So the second one then. Thought so.” “Why. How. Why would you think that?” “You mean aside from the Chief's comment about ‘screwing?’ Dameron’s got tells. When he introduced himself, he was smiling but not with his whole face. And he only looked at you when he was insulting you. And he stared at your ass when you stormed out.” Ben made a sound that was half disbelieving and half impressed. “And every time someone brings him up you look like you want to punch them. And then when you said you didn’t want a new partner--” “Alright, fuck, I got it, you can read people. Jesus.” Ben shook his head, disconcerted. He’d never been on the receiving end of such a read before-- usually it was him freaking out some new acquaintance or a suspect with his uncanny ability to tell what someone was thinking just by looking at them. Now he almost felt bad for them, if it had felt anything like that had. “So what happened?” “What do you mean what happened?” “Like, did he dump you, you dump him, what happened?” “You want me to gossip? ” “We’re partners now, right?” “I guess.” “So partners talk. Let’s talk.” Ben smiled in spite of himself. Rey was charming. Sharp. Confident. Not afraid of him-- and that was impressive because most people found him at least a little intimidating on a good day and he’d been doing his damndest to be as offputting as possible since he’d met her, but she hadn’t budged. He watched her turn the wheel from the corner of his eye and decided maybe the Chief hadn’t intended the assignment as punishment after all. Maybe she really did need a teacher. And poor time management skills aside, Ben was a stellar detective. He could teach her a lot. “Things don’t always work out,” he said finally. “And it’s no one’s fault--” “So it was your fault?” “I just said--” “You don’t like to accept responsibility for your personal life.” “Fuck you. You don’t know me,” he snapped, squeezing the coffee cup a little too tightly. “I take back all the nice things I just thought about you.” Rey grinned. “Aww, you think nice things about me?” “Not anymore I don’t! Fuck.” It really was disconcerting, having someone practically pulling thoughts out of his head like that. Maybe he should do it to her and see how she liked it. “Turn here,” he muttered grudgingly, watching her from the corner of his eye. “Hamilton is the other way--” Rey began but Ben cut her off with a tsk. “Yeah, I know. Turn here.” Rey narrowed her eyes again, but complied. Ben had her park in front of his apartment building. “I’ll be fifteen minutes. Just wait.” “You want me to just sit here?” “Or come in, whatever, fuck if I care,” he called over his shoulder, swinging the door closed and rushing inside. Rey huffed but didn’t follow him. When he climbed back into the car exactly fifteen minutes later, her eyes went wide. Ben flipped down the mirror on the sun visor, tugged his still sopping wet hair into a passable ponytail and muttered, “Detective-y enough for you?” “You clean up good, Solo,” she replied, lips pulling down in appreciation as she surveyed him. Ben shrugged. He hadn’t had time to shave so he still looked a little rougher than he should considering they were about to get mobbed by the press the second they pulled up to the crime scene. But with his hair pulled back, and his standard black slacks/button-up/tie combo, he certainly looked more presentable than he had when he’d rolled into the station, still crumbled into last night's wrinkled t-shirt with his tangled hair falling into his eyes. When Rey parked her car, Ben was genuinely impressed by the amount of reporters thronging around the office building clamoring for a scoop. She actually balked when she saw them all and Ben muttered, “Better get used to it. These vultures will be circling until we catch this guy.” He didn’t mention that he thought that could be a lot longer than normal, if this crime scene was anything like the others-- completely devoid of anything worth looking into. He was assaulted with his name the second his feet hit the sidewalk. “Detective Solo! Ben Solo! Detective!” He silently shoved through the crowd, a very unnerved Rey close on his heels falling into the path he opened up with his huge shoulders. “Can you confirm that the General has killed again, Detective Solo? Do you have any new leads? Detective Solo! Solo! Solo!” Ben wanted to smash his hands over his ears so he wouldn’t have to listen to them squawk. Instead, he grunted, “Can I get to the goddamn scene please?” and the last few reporters dumb enough to be blocking his path and shoving microphones at his face fell back. The officers barring the door stepped aside wordlessly when Ben approached. It always gave him a jolt of pleasure, when that happened. Seeing people bounce to attention at his presence, step aside, make room for him, let him into restricted areas without even checking his badge. Recognizing him. It was quieter inside the building, even with the CSI team bustling around, swooping in and out of doors, cataloging all the evidence they could find. The actual crime scene was on the top floor. Ben punched the button in the elevator and Rey leaned against the wall. “Are they always like that?” “What, the reporters?” Rey nodded. Ben shrugged. “With this case they are. Get used to it. They’ll know your name too, as soon as they figure out I’m not working with Poe anymore.” Rey pulled a face like she was tasting something sour. The elevator doors pinged open and Ben smelled blood. The coppery tang was heavy in the air and he felt his vision narrowing as he stepped out into the tiny hallway and looked toward the door marked with a distinguished, ‘Snoke.’ The coroner was waiting for them. “His name is Snoke,” he said as soon as Ben and Rey stepped off the elevator. “Seventy six years old, found early this morning. Rigor and lividity put time of death around ten PM last night. Definitely a General kill.” Ben rolled the gum between his teeth and muttered, “Let me be the judge of that.” The coroner shrugged. “Well, it sure looks like him. Aside from a few… differences.” Ben scowled. “What kind of differences?” “I’ll let you see for yourself. Other than that, everything physically is exactly the same as the others.” He began to tick off his fingers. “Same cut to the carotid. Ligature marks on the wrists and ankles, but no other major physical trauma. And I’d bet good money toxicology will look exactly like the others.” Ben jerked his chin, already losing the thread of the conversation to the overwhelming understanding that there was a body one room over. A sea of blood staining an expensive carpet. A dossier on the man who’d committed the crime, if only Ben could figure out what to look for. “What did the others look like?” Rey interrupted, staring boldly at the coroner. The coroner blinked at her. “Who are you?” he asked, as if noticing her for the first time. He jerked his head and looked at Ben. “Where’s Poe?” Ben rolled his eyes. “With his dog.” “I’m Rey Kenobi,” Rey inserted, voice much firmer than it had been with the other detectives. “I’m Ben’s new partner.” The coroner nodded. “Uh, right. The other reports. They’re all over the place. Varying instances of alcohol and drug use, varying medications. But nothing unexpected, really. If the General is using anything to knock these people out before he kills them, it doesn’t show up on our reports.” “You think he’s subduing them first. Why?” Ben straightened and crossed his arms over his chest while the coroner gave Rey a very patronizing look. Rey’s eyes narrowed. When no one spoke, she paused, thoughtful, and then said, “No other physical trauma? But he’s an old man. How hard could it be to tie him down?” “Our youngest victim was a twenty two year old bodybuilder on coke,” Ben supplied. “And just like this guy, he had no other external signs of trauma. None of them did. So.” “So he’s either knocking them out before hand or luring them into the chair,” Rey finished with a nod. “How would he do that? Lure them?” Ben shrugged. “Short of a gun, I have no idea. But it’d be difficult to keep it trained on them while he tied them up. And at this point, the whole city’s on edge about this guy. Someone’s bound to fight back.” Rey fell silent, eyes glazing with thought and Ben turned around. “Anything else we should know?” The corner shook his head. “Those are the highlights, but trust me, you really gotta see this guy.” Ben nodded and headed for the door, Rey close on his heels. “And Solo!” Ben paused with his hand on the door. “Tell Dameron not to be a stranger.” Ben grunted to hide his scowl and pushed inside. Snoke’s office was huge. It spanned half of the top floor, with broad tinted windows ranging along three walls. The click of flashing cameras and the low drone of investigators talking filled the air. Ben stepped into the room and the noises faded. The investigators standing in his way cleared a space and by the time he reached the middle of the room, they’d all gone quiet. Watching him. Rey muttered, “What--” but then Finn, who was standing in the corner with Phasma, hissed, “Shh!” and she fell silent too. Good. He could think now. The steady pulsing in his head that had been irking him all morning faded. The nausea twisting his stomach dimmed. What had the General left for him this time? First: What was the same? The body was tied to a luscious rolling chair that probably cost more than Ben made in a month. The ropes holding it down appeared to be the same ropes he had used with the last six-- non-descript, sturdy, thin twine looped until it formed thick coils and tied viciously tight. The thick carpet was drenched in a sea of clotting blood. It spread out from the chair behind the desk in a thick wave and filled the air with an unmistakable scent. Snoke was dressed in expensive slacks and shoes, but naked from the waist up; the button-up he’d been wearing was crumpled in his lap where it’d been pushed after being cut from his shoulders. His chin was tucked to his chest, and a thick trail of blood drained from his neck down onto the carpet. As Ben stared, he saw it perfectly: a silver blade dipping into the neck, quick and light and effortless, followed by impossibly huge spurts of crimson. One. Two. Three. Dead in seconds instead of minutes. Like killing an animal. Cold. Removed. I am the hunter. This is my pray. Snoke was nothing more than a disgusting, dim, lowly creature that needed to be disposed of. But why? The blade sparkled. The head fell, chin tucking to chest. He cut aside the shirts with quick, efficient slices, and then carved the shoulders. Five slices per star. In Snoke’s case, five stars per shoulder. These new cuts didn’t even bleed-- their hearts had already mostly emptied the bodies for him. There was very little left to ooze from the curls of flesh peeling up from the victim’s shoulder blades. This part was almost… clean. Satisfying. A ritual that demanded completion because it was nothing if not-- Deserved. And why did they deserve it? What did the stars mean? Ben stopped and his eyes jolted back up to the shoulders. Five stars? He laughed out loud and didn’t realize it as he stepped forward, tiptoed behind the chair where he could peer at the body without getting blood (Snoke’s filthy, disgusting blood) on his shoes and disturbing the scene. Why did I give you five? What makes you so special? Someone cleared their throat and Ben realized belatedly he’d spoken out loud. But before he could return to himself enough to be concerned by that, he noticed something else. “Get the coroner back in here,” he snarled, voice low and harsh. The absolute idiot. “Detective Solo?” Ben lifted his head the second he heard the other man enter the room and speak. “Get over here.” The coroner hesitated by the door, eyes wide and white, like a rabbit staring at a large dog. Good. He should be scared. Ben actually snarled wordlessly-- because the idiot should have fucking noticed and Ben was surveying a scene, for Christ’s sake and now he had to stop to consult the expert and that was enough to make him laugh out loud, calling that idiot a fucking expert. Ben was distantly aware of Phasma, humming low in her throat, and it took him out enough to remind him to take a breath, to calm down. Someone hissed at the coroner and the man finally stepped over, hesitant, afraid to get to close to Ben when Ben was staring at him like that. He moved more carefully the closer he came, delicately fitting his feet in the spaces that weren’t covered in blood, and leaning away from Ben when Ben didn’t move out of his way. Ben hissed, “Look at his neck.” “I--” The coroner’s voice cut off and then he said, “Oh, shit.” “What?” Phasma broke the silence the rest of the onlookers were stuck in. “You’re the expert,” Ben snapped, making the word sound like an insult. “What do you see?” “Bruising,” the coroner replied. “Bruising around the throat consistent with--” “An arm,” Ben concluded. “Clue us in, Ben,” Phasma said loudly. Ben stepped out from behind the body and said, “Finn, come here. Stand here. Yeah, right here.” Finn eyed him suspiciously, but did as he said. When Ben lifted his arms and wrapped them around Finn’s neck, Phasma whistled. “That would be consistent with this bruising,” the coroner muttered, nose inches from the body. “A motherfucking rear naked?” Phasma said incredulously. “That’s how he’s knocking them out?” “You said the other bodies didn’t have this type of bruising,” Rey interrupted. Ben grinned. “Snoke is old. He’d bruise easier. And this kind of choke, it’s not restricting the airway. It’s restricting blood flow. You can knock a grown man out like this in…” Ben shrugged, and tightened his arms, counting in his head. Finn tapped his wrist, once, twice, then for one frantic second, tried to curl his fingers around Ben’s thick arm. Then he went limp. “Twelve seconds,” Ben said brightly. Phasma crossed the room in two huge strides and punched Ben on the arm, hard. “You ass.” Ben released Finn into her arms and he came to a few seconds later. The glare he leveled at Ben when he realized what had happened was perhaps the dirtiest look Ben had ever seen him give anybody, and Ben had seen him interrogate murderers . “They’d still only be out for thirty seconds, a minute tops,” Phasma said grudgingly, helping steady Finn on his feet. “That’s plenty of time to get them in the chair if he’s quick. And if not, he can just choke them out again. And Snoke is old. He’d probably be out longer anyway.” Ben’s voice was getting fuzzy and distracted as he focused back on the body, but it had told him all it could until it was taken back to the morgue. Ben lifted his eyes to the rest of the room. Now: What was different? The scene itself was unique. Snoke had been a very rich and successful man-- unlike every other victim. Snoke’s office was located on the top floor of a heavily secured office building. The General had never let himself be caught on camera before, but this wasn’t a private home, or a cheap hotel or apartment building. How did he get in undetected? What would they find on the security feeds? The office appeared completely undisturbed. Even the stacks of papers on the desk were neat and tidy. Truly, it was impressive. Except. Ranging along one of the immaculate and dust free shelves, something was missing. Ben couldn’t immediately tell how he knew. Nothing marked the spot-- it just appeared in his head, an empty hole where something had once stood. Ben crossed the room and stared at the spot. “Something was here. And now it’s not.” “How do you know?” Rey asked, startling him; he hadn’t realized she was standing so close. That was unsettling. No one had snuck up on Ben in fuck if he knew how long. How had she done that exactly? Ben shrugged. “Looks like something’s missing.” “Yeah, but why?” Ben turned his head, annoyance arcing across his features. “Look at the spacing between these photos, and his books. All of them are a similar distance apart. Except these two. The space is larger. Something about--” Ben held up both hands. “This big was sitting here and now it’s not.” Rey blinked at him from under lowered brows and Ben rolled his eyes. He knew that expression-- it was the ‘You’re a fucking lunatic’ expression he’d come to know during his first year on the job, before everyone he worked with noticed his uncanny ability to read people and his tendency to crack complicated cases with what, to them, appeared to be little more than a lucky guess. Ben turned to the room at large and said, “Get a few more pictures of this spot.” Someone rushed to comply and Ben glanced around one more time, making sure every aspect of the room was cataloged in his mind. Then he crossed to Phasma and Finn. “What do you think?” he asked Phasma, eyes glossing over Finn entirely-- the other man was decidedly not pleased about being choked out. Finn had only been in the homicide department for a few months and Ben wasn’t sure how he felt about him yet. He was friendly at least. But Ben had never liked the way Finn looked at Poe. It unsettled him, for some reason he couldn’t-- or didn’t want to-- name. If he was being honest with himself, he’d enjoyed feeling Finn go limp in his arms a little more than he should have. Phasma shrugged a huge, muscle bound shoulder as she glared at him. Apparently Finn wasn’t the only person he’d pissed off. “As far as the scene goes, everything looks exactly the same. I mean, except for the actual location.” “Who called it in?” Phasma’s face lit up a little in spite of her annoyance with him. “Actually, that’s what we were waiting for you for. I can’t question the guy. He’s an old friend.” Ben made a face. “You have friends?” Phasma chuckled. “Yeah. He’s an old army buddy. Good people. He and Snoke are--were-- partners. He’s waiting in his office.” Ben nodded. “Anything I should know?” Phasma chuckled again and there was something vindictively amused shining in her eyes. “Have fun, is all I have to say.” “What’s that supposed to mean?” Phasma’s lips quirked and she shrugged. “You’ll see.” She pointed at the door Ben had come in through. “He’s through there. Other side of the hall. Name’s Hux.” Ben nodded, turned, and came to face to face with Rey, watching him with her arms crossed. Ben quirked a brow. “Something to say?” “You were only in here for ten minutes.” “Yeah, so?” “So, you can’t possibly have thoroughly examined the scene in that time. We should--” Rey paused because Phasma was openly laughing at her and Finn was smiling at his feet. “What?” Phasma shook her head and said, “Ben, how many books are on the shelf?” Without turning away from Rey, Ben said, “Seventeen.” “Windows?” “Nine.” “Panes in each window?” “Twelve.” Phasma paused, peering around the room, and Ben got to enjoy Rey gaping at him. “Ok, how many pens are on his desk?” Ben stared at the ceiling, counting each pen in his head, and said, “Twenty three. And four markers and six pencils.” Rey’s eyes narrowed. “You have a photographic memory.” Ben scowled. “No, I don’t. I have an eidetic memory. Photographic memory refers only to information read-- text on a page, page numbers. Eidetic memory refers to the ability to perfectly recall scenes, smells, sounds.” He shrugged and smirked arrogantly. “That sort of thing.” Phasma chuckled indulgently behind him and said, “And he loves to talk about it!” Ben rolled his eyes and breezed past Rey, forcing her to follow him into the hallway before she could reply to Phasma. “I have an eye for crime scenes,” he explained. “With certain types of scenes, you start to learn what to look for. Things that have been added, or removed, or disordered start to jump out at you.” He paused with his hand on the door knob. “The General leaves nothing behind but the ropes. He doesn’t touch anything, move anything. He leaves everything exactly where he found it. If he left anything behind, the CSI team will find it-- fibers, hair, maybe a shoe print in the blood, but I doubt it. He’s too careful for that.” “How do you know it’s a he?” “Aside from statistical probability?” Ben paused. He hadn’t actually considered that the General could be a woman. But as soon as the thought turned over in his mind, he shook his head. “He’s not a woman.” “How do you know?” “It’s… just a feeling I guess.” “Feelings don’t hold up in court.” “Yeah, but the longer you work with me, the more you’ll realize my feelings tend to be right.” Rey huffed in irritation and Ben realized for the first time how on edge she was. Something almost like guilt flipped over in his chest. He’d been mostly ignoring her all morning-- forcing her to ask him questions, walking around like she wasn’t there, only looking at her when he absolutely had to. He hadn’t wanted a new partner. He and Poe had been a good team. Poe knew exactly what kind of questions to ask him to get him thinking. He knew when to shut up and let Ben work. Poe knew exactly how to sing back up to Ben’s lead. But if Luke wanted Ben to teach Rey, he couldn’t expect her to just trot at his heels all day, could he? Fuck, he was too hungover for this. “Look, this is a shitty case to come in on. Let’s question this guy and we can review the photos from the other scenes together when we get back to the station, alright?” Rey’s shoulders relaxed and she nodded. “Thank you.” Ben jerked his chin in response and threw open the door. A single uniformed officer was sitting the corner, boredly watching the man bent at his desk, sketching something. The office was almost as big as Snoke’s, but it had a certain style to it, a minimalism that Ben found attractive compared to the overbearing traditionalism of Snoke’s office. His eyes flicked around the room once, taking in the book shelves, the degrees hanging on the walls, the lack of anything truly personal, and then settled on the man at the desk. He put down his pencil and lifted his head. When his eyes met Ben’s a splash of cold darted up Ben’s spine, but before he could grab it and assess it, it was replaced with a burning heat in the pit of his stomach. The man sitting before him was nothing short of beautiful. He stood up when Ben stepped into the room, and Ben actually drew up short. It was rare that Ben found another person so attractive as to actually cause him pause, so the feeling-- the sudden jump in his chest, the lump in his throat, the strange swoop in his stomach-- was thrilling and unexpected. He was Ben’s height almost exactly, but smaller, thinner, more lightly built, and with pale skin that looked like it would bruise like a peach with just the right touch. And his eyes. Fuck, his eyes. They were green. Or maybe blue. The same crystal color only found when peering down to the bottom of an almost clear ocean. There was a spray of freckles splashed across his nose and they were the only softness in him. His orange hair (Ben thought of peaches again) was combed from his face into a perfect part. His posture was as perfect and immaculate as his hair. The only part of him that wasn’t completely in order were the tips of his fingers, tinged with lead from the pencil he was using to sketch what Ben quickly noted were building plans of some sort. He didn’t say anything. He stared at Ben and when Ben only stared back, he saw the man’s neutral expression sharpen into an almost imperceptible smirk. The heat in Ben’s stomach turned over. Smirking suited Hux, fit on his pretty lips just a little too well. Rey poked Ben hard in the back and he realized he’d been staring for about a split second longer than was socially acceptable. He forced his expression into something a little more intimidating and tried not to think about how happy he was that he’d made Rey take him home to shower and change before he’d come to the crime scene. The moment Ben moved again, Hux’s smirk disappeared to be replaced with something appropriately somber. The expression was gone so quickly, Ben wondered if he’d imagined it. The same way he must have imagined the chill that darted up his spine when their eyes had first met. His voice, when he spoke, was deeper than he meant it to be, a little husky with surprise. “Are you Hux?” The man crossed his arms over his chest and said, “Armitage Hux, yes, that’s me.” “You found Mr. Snoke?” “Yes. You are?” Ben cleared his throat. “Detective Solo, and this is my partner, Detective Kenobi.” He saw Rey hide a smile when he said the words ‘my partner.’ “I’m the lead investigator in this case. Can you tell me how you found Mr. Snoke, Mr. Hux?” Hux came out from behind his desk and leaned against it. The position pulled his perfectly tailored charcoal button up tight against his shoulders. They were very round. Ben forced his eyes back up, but franky, that wasn’t much better. “I found him this morning, about seven forty five, when I got to the office.” “Do you usually arrive at that time?” “Yes. Seven forty five exactly, every morning. I got off the elevator and smelled blood, so I checked his office and. Well, I found him like that.” Ben blinked and said sharply, “You smelled blood?” It wasn’t something most witnesses usually said. Most people wouldn’t even notice the scent of freshly spilled blood one room over. It had still been subtle when Ben got off the elevator and that was almost three hours after Hux had found the body. The man smiled and the expression wasn’t at all pleasant. “Yes, I did. I’ve seen combat, Detective Solo. I’m quite familiar with the scent of… death, as it were. It’s very distinctive. So I checked his office.” Ben nodded and tried to organize the barrage of questions sprinting through his brain. “Uh, did you touch anything when you entered the office? Try to revive him at all?” Hux shook his head. “He was very clearly deceased. I didn’t cross the threshold. I went to my office and called the authorities.” “So you haven’t actually been in his office since the murder?” “No.” Ben let his eyes track from the top of Hux’s head to the points of his shiny shoes, turning the answers to Ben’s questions over in his head. “What is your relationship to Mr. Snoke, Mr. Hux?” Rey interjected, her voice firm and confident, and not at all like someone who was on the job for the very first time. “We were business partners,” Hux said shrugging. “Our relationship was purely a professional one.” “And how long have you known him?” Rey continued. Ben crossed his arms and let her, taking this opportunity to really examine the man in front of him. There was something about him, something strange and unnerving and so goddamn attractive, it made Ben a little angry. He wasn’t used to other people having any effect on him at all. Staring at Hux made his brain feel fuzzy and he realized he was clenching his fists at his sides without meaning too. It was a thrilling sort of feeling, a strange compulsion to peel back all Hux’s layers and see what was inside. Because Ben was sure there was something to see. “Eight years,” Hux said firmly. “He approached me with a business plan after I was discharged from the Army, and I agreed. We’ve been very successful together.” “Eight years,” Rey said, her brows pulling together in what Ben knew was mock empathy. Though she played it very well. “It must have been hard for you, seeing him like that.” Hux didn’t bite. “Hardly. Mr. Snoke was not a very endearing man.” His eyes jumped from Rey to Ben. Ben swallowed. “I wouldn’t attribute our mutual success to any bit of warmth between us.” Rey wasn’t impressed. She leaned forward a little, and said coldly, “That was a pretty upsetting scene in there. All that blood. That didn’t bother you?” Hux lifted his brows. “No, I’m afraid not.” He looked at Ben again and Ben saw Rey tense. Hux seemed to be giving all his answers to Ben and Ben only. “I was a sniper, in the Army. A ranger. For eight years. I am intimately acquainted with--” He paused and Ben tried not to think he’d put special emphasis on the words ‘intimately acquainted.’ Against his will, Ben felt his lips quirk when Hux smiled and said dramatically, “ Blood and death.” Rey scowled. Ben, however, was exceedingly amused. “You get used to it. When you’re staring at it from the end of a scope.” Ben nodded and spoke before Rey could cut him off. She had a lot to learn before she’d be able to handle questioning a man like Hux. “Can you think of anyone who would want to hurt Mr. Snoke? Any enemies he may have made?” Hux laughed. “Half the city could be on that list, Detective Solo. I’m sure you'll find out why when you look into his business dealings. Snoke was not a well liked man.” “And what exactly did you and Mr. Snoke do together?” “Our firm deals in the acquisition of properties-- mainly old apartment buildings. We buy them cheaply, knock them down, and build new, more profitable buildings in their place.” “That you design,” Ben interrupted. Hux smiled. “Yes.” There was a note of pride in his voice. Ben shifted his weight and said, “First Order Acquisitions. Did you design the place on the corner of Tenth and Madison?” Hux’s smile broadened. “Yes. That’s one of mine.” “That’s a beautiful building. Simple, but…” “Elegant,” Hux provided. Ben nodded. “I’m quite proud of that one.” Hux smiled at him. Ben smiled back. Rey cleared her throat and Ben realized he was doing it again-- staring too long. “Uh, thank you for your time, Mr. Hux. We’ll leave you to your work for now, but I’d like you to come down to the station before the end of business to give your official statement.” Ben reached into his pocket and tugged one of his cards from his wallet. “This afternoon?” Hux asked, reaching out to accept the card. Ben nodded. “As soon as you’re free. I’m not sure how much work you’ll get done with my guys out there. And they’ll have to comb this room at some point.” Hux’s eyes flickered. “My door was locked when I came in this morning. I lock it every evening and unlock it every morning. I’d know if someone had come in here.” Ben gave him a commiserating smile. “Still. Protocol. You understand.” Hux nodded and his lips quirked. “If it can’t be avoided.” “We appreciate your cooperation,” Rey added coldly. Ben tried not to roll his eyes. He didn’t speak to her until they were in the elevator. Her nose was wrinkled when she said, “I don’t like that guy. He gives me the creeps.” Ben sighed dramatically. “Leave the gut feelings to me, alright?” Rey glared at him. Ben laughed. “He’s an army guy, an ex-sniper. You’re picking up on that.” “Picking up on what?” “You tried to read him. Like you did with me in the car. What you saw was a man comfortable around death and killing who was unaffected by a murder taking place in the office next to his. Sets off alarm bells. Most people would be visibly upset. Guys like that,” he said, thumbing toward the elevator door. “Know how to control emotions.” “So you think he was faking?” Ben bobbed his head. “The lead smudges on his hands. His hair, his suit, his office, all immaculate. Except for that. He noticed them when he took my card; immediately hid his hands.” “So? What does that mean?” “It means he hadn’t noticed until then-- but someone who’s that concerned with his appearance, not a hair out of place? He doesn’t not notice something like that when he meets strangers. He was distracted. Which, given the circumstances, is to be expected.” Rey was giving him the ‘you’re a fucking lunatic’ look again. “You’re detecting deception, Rey. It’s good. You’re good. But the reason behind the deception is the important part.” The elevator dinged open and Ben shrugged before he stepped back out into the lobby. “Everybody lies.” She wasn’t convinced, but that was ok. She would be. Chapter 2 : Noise Summary: Ben filters through the noise of the investigation and, after a thoroughly enjoyable interview, has a stunning realization about The General. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He spent the better part of the day reviewing crime scene photos with Rey-- but the newest piece of the puzzle didn’t make the picture any clearer. Ben knew these photos. He’d stared at them all so many times before, he had each of them logged away in his mind waiting to be thumbed through at a moment’s notice. Nothing new. Nothing of value. Snoke’s murder was almost exactly like the others. Almost. So what was different? Snoke himself. He was a rich man with an immaculate record. He’d still been killed at a place he was comfortable with-- just like all the others. No one had seen anyone enter or leave who wasn’t supposed to be there. Phasma and Finn spent most of the day reviewing security footage and came up empty handed. There was nothing for Poe and BB-8 to do at this point, but the Chief still sent them up to Snoke’s for BB to sniff around-- just in case. As they were walking out the door, Rey leaned against Ben’s desk and said, “What’s the eight stand for?” “Hmm?” “In BB-8. Why eight?” Ben lifted his head from the photo he was staring at and smirked. “When Poe was a kid, his mom got him a goldfish. He named it BB. Goldfish died, mom got him another. That was BB-2. She got a cat next, and that was BB-3.” “You’re kidding.” “BB-5 is still kicking and lives with his mom-- a labrador.” Ben shrugged. “Four, Six, and Seven were fish again. Guy has terrible luck with fish.” Ben looked back down at his photo and said, “I--” before closing his mouth with a snap. Ben had gotten Poe BB-6 and BB-7 after Poe had told him the story. Two little betta fish in matching bowls. He had killed them accidentally the last time he’d been at Poe’s apartment. Thrown a beer bottle and knocked their little bowls over after Poe had tried to kick him out. He shifted his weight in his seat and pretended he hadn’t said anything, pretended he didn’t know Rey was staring at him, waiting for him to go on. When he didn’t look up, she turned and went back to her desk, and all he heard from her was her computer mouse clicking. Then she gasped. “Ben, check this out.” Ben lifted his head and she stared back at him, a cold grin on her face. “I knew there was something off about that guy. Look.” Ben stood to lean over her shoulder and peer at the computer screen. Armitage Hux had been tried and acquitted for murder. “Hey, Phas.” “What?” came Phasma’s exhausted reply. She and Finn were so deeply entrenched in security footage, it made Ben’s eyes hurt just looking at them. “You said you know that Hux guy, right?” Phasma rolled her eyes and shrugged. “How well do you know him?” “Pretty damn well. He’s probably my oldest friend.” “You know anything about the murder charge he beat?” Ben half snapped, putting his hips against Rey’s desk and crossing his arms so Phasma could see how annoyed he was. Would have been nice if she’d mentioned that little detail hours ago when they’d met the guy. “He was found ‘Not Guilty.’” Phasma said pointedly. “And for what it’s worth, the jury made the right call.” Her eyes suddenly glazed past Ben and then hardened. “But why don’t you just ask him about it yourself?” Ben turned his head and felt fizzy heat settle in stomach. The man himself was standing just inside the doorway, watching Ben with his hands in his pockets and a completely unreadable expression on his face. Somehow the lines of his arms tapering into his slacks made him look even taller and Ben pushed off from the desk; it seemed wrong to be leaning on something when this man was staring at him like that. “Mr. Hux.” “Detective Solo.” “Er, thank you. Thank you for coming.” Ben paused to keep himself from stuttering more than he already was. “They just sent you up here?” Hux nodded and Ben came out from behind the desk. “I’m sorry. Someone should have shown you to a room. You can follow me.” As he passed her, he realized Phasma was grinning at him, wide and vicious and knowing and Ben hated her for it. He scowled at her as he passed, but it only made her grin wider. “Ben, should I--” Rey said softly, but Ben shook his head. “This way, Mr. Hux.” As they left the room, Ben heard Phasma mutter to Rey, “Come on.” Good. Rey could watch. Ben actually put Hux in an interrogation room. Normally, if he was just going to take a statement, he would have done it at his desk. But with the background check complete, and Rey’s admittedly reasonable suspicions, this way would be better. Hux didn’t take his hands out of his pockets as he peered around the room. His eyes lingered overlong on the mirror and then Ben saw them lift to his own face in the reflection. That same chill chased by heat darted through his chest and what the fuck was that exactly? “An interrogation room, Detective Solo?” Hux said lightly. “Do you suspect me of something?” Ben smiled, quick and easy in the mirror and said, “Nah, it’s just quieter in here. We can hear ourselves think. Take a seat. Can I get you anything? Coffee, soda, water?” “I’m quite alright.” “Sure? Coffee sucks ass but we got cherry coke!” Hux’s lips quirked momentarily and Ben understood that that was the closest he would get to a true smile with this man. “No. Thank you.” Ben shrugged. “Suit yourself. Let me know if you change your mind.” Hux arranged himself on the metal chair facing the mirror and folded his hands in front of him. He looked like he belonged there. Most people perched carefully on the edge of the seat when Ben brought them in here; the cold white room made them nervous. But not Hux. Hux looked completely unflappable and as Ben stared at him, an image flashed through his head, a picture of what this man might have looked like drenched in camo and hidden with a sniper rifle in his hands, a shadow waiting to devour whatever life wandered into his sights. He realized then it was ruthlessness he was feeling, rolling off the man in waves. It suited him. Ben spun his own chair around and straddled it, put his elbow on the back of it and peered at Hux. “So, you were charged with murder?” Hux laughed and it was a tight, controlled sound. “You don’t waste any time, do you, Detective?” Ben shrugged. “I gotta ask. Phasma says you’re good people. I’d trust her with my life. But if I don’t cover all my bases, top brass comes breathing down my neck and I’m sure you know what a pain in the dick that is to deal with.” Ben settled further into his chair. He loved interrogations. They were his forte, really. Alone in the room with a puzzle to be mulled over. And this man was a very interesting puzzle. Ben was having trouble getting a clear read on him. His face constantly said one thing, but his eyes always seemed to say another. “So tell me about the murder charge.” Hux lifted a brow. Ben tried not to grin. This would be fun. “I really shouldn’t speak about that without my lawyer present, Detective. I’m sure you understand.” Ben shrugged. “If you’d be more comfortable with legal counsel, by all means. But we’re just talking here, Mr. Hux. I’m curious is all. I can go read the file, but I’d really rather hear it from you.” He put his chin in his hand. “Stories are always more interesting heard rather than read.” “Do you think so?” “If the one doing the telling is particularly interesting.” “You find me interesting?” “I dunno. You haven’t told me your story yet.” Hux leaned back in his seat and huffed a breath of amusement. His eyes were sharp and when Ben smiled at him, the expression, momentarily, grew sharper. And then it was gone to be replaced with something far less…. Ben wasn’t sure why the word sinister popped into his head. There was nothing sinister about the man. Mysterious, perhaps. Controlled and concealing maybe. He’d been focused too much on Rey today-- he was channeling her suspicions. “It was just after I was discharged from the army,” Hux said finally, staring Ben straight in the eye as he spoke. “I met a gentlemen at a bar and we left together.” Ben sat up a little straighter without meaning to. “You… left together.” Hux’s brows lifted. “Yes, Detective Solo.” He leaned forward in his chair and said very deliberately, “We left together.” Ben nodded, hummed in understanding and motioned for Hux to go on. “Unfortunately, the gentlemen in question wasn’t interested in a, uh, romantic liaison, shall we say.” Hux paused. “He pulled a gun on me.” Ben lifted his brows. “He was a large man, almost as broad through the shoulders as you are, actually, and I think he thought since I am a… lighter build that I would be an easy target for a robbery. At least I hope that’s all he intended.” Ben nodded, a sympathetic smile on his lips. And also a slightly satisfied one. Hux was looking at his ‘broad shoulders.’ “But you're an ex-army ranger.” Hux nodded. “I disarmed him and when he tried to overpower me, I shot him. It was intended to be non-lethal, but I regrettably clipped the femoral artery and he died rather quickly.” “You shot him in the leg?” “As I said, non-lethal. At least that was my intention. I called the police myself.” “That sounds like a clear case of self defense,” Ben protested, spreading his hands. Hux nodded. “The prosecution believed, given my background, that I should have been capable of… more restraint.” Hux’s voice grew cold as he uttered the last two words and Ben shifted in his seat. “Those lawyers never understand what it’s like in the line of fire,” Ben told him. “That nothing’s the same when someone’s pointing a gun at you.” Hux nodded. “They were also… unamused by my reaction to the whole thing.” “And that was?” “Mostly indifferent,” Hux looked down at his nails for a moment and Ben felt a strange lump in his throat. Indifference? “But I had just been discharged. I was still quite used to killing.” “You… Killed a lot of people in the army?” Ben couldn’t help but ask even though he knew the answer. Hux smiled, showed Ben his teeth, and said, “That’s classified, Detective Solo. I’m afraid I can’t comment on exactly what I did for the rangers.” “I understand,” Ben replied. “Can you tell me instead about Snoke?” “Beyond what we discussed this morning, I don’t really have much more to say. I found him like that at seven forty five this morning. I didn’t enter the room. I called your people and waited in my office until they arrived.” “And you can’t think of anyone who might have wanted to cause Mr. Snoke harm? Anyone in particular?” “I can supply you with a list, if you’d like. But it’ll include everyone from a ninety seven year old grandmother whose apartment he purchased for a quarter of it’s worth to Leia Organa.” Ben jerked in his seat. “Leia Organa?” Hux nodded, apparently without noticing Ben’s tell. “Yes, the senator has had some qualms with First Order Acquisitions for years. I’m not sure of the specifics, as Snoke’s side of things was the purchase of properties and I personally deal with the design and construction of new buildings on those properties, but I believe she took issue with his more ruthless buying practices. A lot of people have lost their homes to Mr. Snoke.” “To First Order,” Ben interrupted. Hux shrugged. “As I said. I don’t handle that side of things.” “It doesn’t bother you? That Mr. Snoke operates the business you both share in this way?” “I like making money and designing buildings. I don’t really care how Snoke acquires our properties, as long he does so legally. As far as I know he always operated within the scope of the law. That’s where Organa comes in. She’s been trying to push through legislation to close some of the gaps that allowed Snoke to purchase property the way he did.” Ben smirked. He couldn’t help it. “I’ll ask her about those.” “You know the senator?” Hux asked him casually. Ben shrugged. “You could say that. She sorta birthed me.” Hux drew back in his chair and lifted his chin. “You’re Leia Organa’s son?” Ben nodded. “Yep. Most people don’t realize, since we don’t share a last name.” Ben shrugged. “I try to stay out of the press for anything not cop related, you know? Politics was never my thing.” “No, you don’t have the face for it.” Ben tilted his head, because that was an exceedingly odd thing to say. “I’m sorry?” “Your face. It’s too open. All your emotion right there for anyone to see.” Hux leaned forward and said almost darkly, “I bet you’re terrible at poker.” Ben snorted because he was a fucking phenomenal poker player. “Do you? Are you actually willing to bet on that?” “Yes. I think I could pinpoint every bluff.” “I’m a detective, Mr. Hux. Reading people is sort of my job.” “Being able to read a bluff and being capable of bluffing aren’t the same skill, Detective. You carry all your emotion in your eyes. You’re an open book.” “And how do you know you weren’t seeing what I wanted you to see?” “What did you want me to see?” Ben realized he was leaning forward in his chair, tilting the front legs up a little so the back almost touched the table. He was speaking strictly lower than was necessary, all the bass in his voice vibrating in his chest. Hux tilted his head. Bit his lip. The front legs of the chair smacked back against the ground and Ben leaned away, unable to keep the sheer, unbridled amusement from his face. He was good at reading people. He couldn’t get a firm grip on Hux at all. Every time he thought he had something, Hux twisted around, slipped out of his grasp and made him question his previous assessments. And all the while Hux had been reading him right back. What did he see exactly? Was he amused? Intrigued? Infatuated? Hux’s smirk widened, then grew sharp and knowing. Ben’s gut twisted and pulled and he felt heat in his cheeks all of a sudden, heat that made his heart race. Hux was… very attractive when he smiled like that. There was a certain danger in the expression, a certain capability that reminded Ben that this man was a killer. A fucking ruthless killer if Ben was any judge. Ben had killed people in the line of duty before. Perhaps more than most officers in his line of work-- but he’d never been able to speak of one of them with the efficiency and matter-of-fact tone that Hux had used. “Where were you at ten PM last night, Mr. Hux?” Hux lifted a brow. “At my apartment.” “Can anyone corroborate that?” “Perhaps the security footage in my building. But. I live alone.” “You don’t have any friends… or a partner who can confirm your whereabouts?” “No, Detective Solo. I’m afraid not. But I will have my building provide you with the security footage.” “My people will see to that,” Ben said waving a hand. “Are you sure I don’t need my lawyer, Detective Solo?” “Are you uncomfortable?” “No.” “Good. Can you tell me if the name Derek Javez means anything to you?” Hux thought for a moment, then shook his head. “No, that doesn’t ring a bell.” “Erica Preston?” Hux declined again and Ben meticulously worked his way through the names of every single victim. By the time he completed his list, he was convinced. Hux hadn’t shown a flicker of recognition for any one of them. No doubt the security footage in his building would confirm his alibi and then Rey would have nothing to bitch about. “I think we’re done here, Mr. Hux,” Ben said finally, allowing a genuine smile to settle on his face. And perhaps it was tinged with a little sadness. Hux was fun. Hux was a challenge. He made Ben think. Ben was disappointed the interview had to end. Hux smiled and said, “Should I expect to hear from you in the future, Detective Solo?” Ben shook his head as he stood up and flipped his chair back around. “You and I both know you’re not the General, Mr. Hux.” Ben paused to smirk at him. “At this point, we have to look at anybody close to any one of the victims. Statistically, when someone is murdered, they know their attacker. But the General sort of eschews statistical analysis. Between you and me, we’ve got a legitimate psychopath on our hands.” Hux frowned. “That is very concerning.” Ben nodded. Hux stood and they both moved toward the door. “We’ll catch him,” Ben said firmly. “I believe you will, Detective Solo. You know, I admire your line of work. There is no greater moral pursuit than that of justice.” “Thank you.” “I mean it. Without officers like yourself, there is very little keeping us all from complete and utter chaos. I considered a career in law enforcement myself, once. But Snoke’s offer was simply too good to refuse.” Hux smiled. “Maybe in the future if I ever grow tired of being really quite wealthy I will seek a change in occupation.” “Uh, yeah,” Ben muttered, peering at Hux in amusement because he wasn’t sure if his pay grade had just been insulted or if Hux had been bragging about his own take home. Hux smirked and then said, “But that wasn’t what I meant.” “Meant about what?” “When I asked if I should expect to hear from you. Detective.” Ben drew up short, his hand on the door knob. “What?” “Am I a suspect?” “No--” “Good. Then when I ask you to accompany me to dinner next Friday evening you should have no professional reason to refuse.” Ben’s heart leapt into his throat and hammered twice, so loudly he was sure Hux could hear it. “Uh. I. I really don’t think--” “Unless you have a personal objection?” Hux lifted his brows and then leaned back slightly. “Or have I misjudged--” Hux cleared his throat, color rising in his cheeks and Ben couldn’t stop himself from grinning. Maybe Hux was right. Maybe he was an open book. But he couldn’t help it. When Hux got all red like that, his freckles stood out even more. “What time?” Hux closed his mouth, the slightly stammered apology on his lips disappearing to be replaced by a slow, cat-like smile that made Ben’s heart smack his ribs again. “What time would you prefer?” “Eight is the standard, isn’t it?” “Eight then.” It was Hux’s turn to hand Ben a card. When Ben glanced down at it, he saw a hand written number at the bottom, and Hux said, “My personal line.” But Ben hadn’t seen him write the number. He’d come with the card like this. Hux leaned forward and said conspiratorially. “We can iron out the details later. I imagine at least Phasma is watching us talk right now and knowing her--” Ben groaned and rolled his eyes. “Exactly,” Hux finished. Ben tugged open the door. “Good bye, Detective Solo,” Hux said smoothly as he breezed passed. “It’s Ben!” Ben called before he could stop himself. Hux didn’t pause, or turn around, just lifted his hand in acknowledgement and turned the corner to the stairwell. Ben stared at the spot where he had disappeared for a few absent seconds, turning Hux’s thick, expensive looking white card over in his hands. The prickling on his neck told him he was being watched and when he turned around, he found Phasma, Finn, Rey, and Poe all standing in the doorway of the observation room, staring at him with their arms crossed over their chests and unamused expressions on their faces. Except for Poe. Poe had his hands in his pockets and he was staring so hard at his own feet, it made Ben’s heart twist. Ben cleared his throat, pocketed the card, and raced back to his desk to bury his head in more crime scene photos. ~~~ Phasma was the first to break. She grunted about the security footage and shoved herself to her feet. “Can’t stare at this shit anymore. Let’s get a beer, Finn.” Finn rubbed his eyes and shook his head. “You go ahead. I’ll finish the last few hours so we don’t have to look at it tomorrow.” Phasma shrugged and muttered, “Don’t stay too late. I don’t want you sleeping at your desk too.” She shot Ben a look at that and Ben pretended not to notice. “That’s Solo’s job,” she added just for good measure. Finn nodded without taking his eyes off the silent security tape. “See you tomorrow, Phas.” Poe was next. BB-8 had come up empty at Snoke’s office, and his home. Ben wasn’t surprised. He hadn’t expected to find anything only a dog could scent at either scene. BB had sniffed out drugs in four of the other crime scenes, and in one of those four, a towel with some suspicious staining that they’d had to send away for analysis, but neither of those scenarios fit the old man. So Poe had been combing through the photos like Ben and Rey were. They’d worked most of these scenes together anyway, before their ability to spend a day alone together had shattered with the fish bowls and beer bottles. Poe stood, stretched and Ben felt his eyes land on the top of Ben’s head. Echoing Phasma, he said, “Don’t stay too late.” Then he added, voice dark, “Ben.” Ben lifted his head. “I won’t.” Poe glanced at Rey, who had her nose to her desk and then made a face at Ben. Ben understood. “I’m finished here,” Finn said suddenly, looking up from his work as well. “I’ll follow you out.” Poe nodded and the two men disappeared together, BB at Poe’s side. Ben refused to admit why that irked him so much. Rey yawned. “You don’t have to stay,” he told her, Poe’s face fresh in his mind. She was pushing herself, unwilling to call it a day before Ben. It was admirable, really, if naive. No one worked longer nights than Ben did. “I’m fine,” she told him, voice falsely bright. Too bright for someone who’d spent the last God only knew how long staring at crime scene photos. Bloody ones at that. “Rey, it’s your first day. Go home. Get some rest.” “Are you leaving too?” Ben shook his head and flapped a hand, peering back down at the file on his desk. “I’ll be out soon--” “No.” “Excuse me?” “I said ‘no.’ I’m not leaving until you do.” Ben lifted his head to find her staring back at him, brow furrowed stubbornly. “You don’t get to make that call, kid,” Ben grunted, sounding alarmingly like his father. “I’m the senior officer here. Go home. ” Rey pursed her lips. “So who tells you to go?” “No one,” Ben muttered because it was easier than saying ‘Poe used to.’ Rey crossed her arms over her chest. “If you fall asleep at your desk, I’m not taking you to your apartment for a shower again.” Ben smirked at her. “I won’t, alright? I’m just waiting for a call, and then I’ll head out.” “Fine.” “You’re pushy for a rookie.” Rey shrugged. “We’re a team, right? You’re not exactly the only one you screw over if you miss something cause you’re too tired to stand.” She stood and said cheerfully, “Can’t watch my back if you can’t see straight.” Ben grinned at her. “See you in the morning.” She mock saluted, grabbed her purse, and breezed away. Ben was alone. Good. It was better this way. He could think more clearly when there wasn’t so much noise. Even when no one in the room was talking, Ben was still bombarded by their presences. He could hear them breathing, hear them shuffling papers, shifting in their chairs. All he had to do was lift his head and he could practically hear their thoughts broadcast for anyone capable of listening. It made him think almost longingly about the flask in his bottom drawer. It was easier to ignore the dull roar of their sheer proximity when the warmth in his gut made everything in his head go soft around the edges. Finn looked at Poe a lot, when he didn’t think Poe was looking. Poe never looked but he knew. Phasma watched everyone like a hawk. She was the first in in the morning and the first out because she was so goddamn efficient; and she made sure everyone else was efficient too. The second Finn’s eyes started to glaze, or Ben started jiggling his leg and contemplating taking a swig from his flask under the desk where no one could see, she’d snap to attention, suggest Ben and Finn trade places for a while, or drag Ben out for a pretzel or send Finn to get everyone sodas, or any other number of sly, seemingly friendly tactics that broke up the mind numbing drag of a case with no fucking breaks in it. Ben knew every time Poe looked at him. He could feel the other man’s eyes on his head and he had to struggle not to look up, not to lick his lips, or smile, or wink, or do any of the things he used to do to show Poe when he was thinking about him. It was all easier when Poe wasn’t there. It was easier to pretend he didn’t feel like he was walking backwards without Poe there to stick a new photo in front of his face when he’d been staring at the old one for too long. It was easier to pretend they hadn’t spent a little over two years sneaking off to a supply closet together when Ben’s brain got too loud and all he could see was blood when he blinked. It was easier to pretend Poe had been a distraction when Ben and Poe and, frankly, everybody else had known the opposite was true. He needed a drink. His phone started ringing before he could get his bottom drawer open, and, for some reason, that was almost a relief. “Benjamin.” “Hey, mom,” Ben muttered, leaning back in his chair and scrubbing his hand over his face. “You sound tired.” “This case fucking sucks.” “Are you still at work?” Her voice went up a little at the end, concerned and annoyed. Probably pissed Luke hadn’t forced Ben to go home. “I left a few minutes ago,” he lied. “I’m almost home.” “Good. What was so important that it couldn’t wait until morning? Of course, you know I always love to hear from you-- you don’t call me enough-- but it’s rare you’re so insistent.” “I didn’t expect you’d be busy all day.” “The life of a public servant. What’s up?” “Listen, Mom. Do you know a man named Snoke?” The line went very quiet. Then Leia replied suspiciously, “We’ve crossed paths. Why?” Ben sighed. “He got him. The. The General. He was found in his office this morning by his business partner.” Leia said, “My God,” and then fell silent, so Ben went on. “Your name came up when I was interviewing his partner. A--” “Armitage Hux.” “Yeah. You know him?” “Only in passing. Why did my name come up?” “We’re trying to narrow down a list of people who may have wanted to do Snoke harm.” Leia snorted in bitter laughter. “And Mr. Hux mentioned me? Benjamin, you can’t be serious.” “No, Mom. Of course not. But I was hoping you could tell me more about the guy. I’ve been looking into him all day. No close friends or family. Hux is the only one who could say more than two words about him. He’s the only person on our list of victims who doesn't have a record-- and that’s just between us, by the way,” he added as an afterthought. “I can’t get a clear read on the guy. He didn’t even have any photos in his house. Not one. And the only pictures in his office were hunt trophies. With dead lions and shit.” Leia tsked loudly and Ben had to twist the phone from his ear. He knew the ‘dead lions’ bit would get her going. “Ben. If Snoke doesn’t have a criminal record, it’s only because he and his lawyers are too slippery to let anything stick.” “Mr. Hux said he always operated above the law.” “Then Mr. Hux is either complicit or naive. I’ve got a stack of files taller than you with everything Snoke has been implicated in. Mostly fraud and intimidation, but there are a few cases-- real conspiracy theory stuff-- that would make your head spin.” “What kind of cases?” “When he was younger, people who got in Mr. Snoke’s way had a habit of disappearing. And that’s just the tip of the iceberg. I have reason to believe he had my predecessor in his pocket. He’s also funding Johnson’s smear campaign against me. The man’s been trying to undermine me for years now and he’s only doubled his efforts since I introduced the Webbing Bill.” “What’s Webbing?” “A lot of complicated law talk-- but simply put, it closes some of the loopholes Snoke has been using to keep his profits so high. When it passes, First Order Acquisitions can expect a big hit.” “Hux mentioned something like that.” “It’s been a fight, to be sure. But I think we finally got him.” There was a pause. “I’m almost sad I won’t get to see the look on his face when the bill goes through. He is-- was, I guess-- a menace, Ben. Between you and me,” she lowered her voice. “We’re all better off without him.” “What did you say?” Ben said sharply, another voice sounding in his head, echoing Leia’s words. “I know, I know, I shouldn’t speak ill of the dead, but--” “No. Mom. You’re brilliant. Fuck. Thank you. I gotta go.” “What? Ben I--” He hung up the phone, heart hammering in his chest and started rifling through the files. It was on Phasma’s desk. The interview he’d done with the estranged wife of the third victim. We’re all better off without him. Ben wasn’t tired anymore. He had work to do. ~~~ “Jesus Christ, Ben.” Ben didn’t look up from his computer, just grunted. “Have you been here all night?” Phasma asked. Then she paused. “Of course you have.” Before Ben could answer, Poe walked in, hot on her heels, and Phasma went very quiet, watching him. “Ben.” Ben didn’t answer. He was distantly aware that Poe had crossed the room, but Ben didn’t fully acknowledge him until he tugged Ben’s computer monitor around so Ben couldn’t see it. “Ben.” “What?” Ben snapped, forced to look up. “Have you slept?” Ben flapped a hand. “I’m fine.” He jerked his chin at his coffee and whip fast, Poe grabbed it from his desk and smelled it. Ben stopped trying to yank the monitor back around and glared at him. Poe set the coffee back down and Ben muttered, “Happy?” The other man shrugged. “Just checking. It’s not outside the realm of possibility.” “I’m working.” “That’s what I’m worried about.” “It’s not your job to worry about me anymore,” Ben snapped before he could stop himself. Across the room, Phasma whistled. Poe’s face changed and he muttered, “Yeah. You’re right.” He walked away and Ben couldn’t help himself. “Don’t you want to know what I found?” They both paused and stared back at him, unwilling hope flickering on their faces. “You found something?” Phasma half whispered. Ben grinned. “He’s not just a serial killer. He’s a goddamn vigilante.” “What?” Phasma demanded, but before Ben could go on, Rey and Finn walked in together, laughing and looking far too chummy for two people who had only met twenty four hours ago. Ben tried not to scowl. Finn’s sheer unavoidable sunniness grated on him. He was a goddamn rainbow with a badge and it didn’t seem right that a homicide detective be so damn endearing. “Oh, you’re early!” Rey teased. Then she paused and looked Ben up and down. Finn muttered, “Or… not.” Rey’s face changed and before she could say anything Ben said again, “He’s a vigilante. He’s not just killing for fun; he’s got a purpose.” They all stopped and stared at him and Ben lifted the huge stack of papers he’d been working on compiling all night. “He’s killing criminals. That’s the pattern. We thought he was just picking randomly, picking people no one would miss, or, or, or people the cops wouldn’t get as invested in. Drug dealers, thieves, sex workers--” “Snoke doesn’t have a record,” Rey interrupted. “He’s clean.” “Exactly. That’s, that’s how I figured it out. Snoke’s never been officially charged with anything, but he’s been implicated in, fuck, everything from murder to fraud. He’s a bad man.” Ben thrust the pile of articles, facebook posts, and reddit threads containing everything unofficial he could find about Snoke into Phasma’s waiting hands. “So I started looking at our other victims. Victim number one, Derek Javez. Officially charged with distribution of a controlled substance. Spent ten years in prison before an early release. Unofficially? At least three drug related deaths have been linked to him-- toxicology showed the drugs had been cut with some nasty shit, but nobody would admit Javez was the dealer. Victim number two, Erica Preston. Convicted of prostitution some eight years ago, record otherwise clean. But four years ago her five year old daughter died when a TV fell on her. Cops thought it was just another tragic household death, but CPS had been called on Preston a year earlier with reports of abuse, and there were some injuries on Olivia Preston that couldn’t be explained by the falling TV. Preston’s own family thinks she killed the kid and concocted the TV thing to cover it up.” “If--” Finn began, but Ben wasn’t through. “Victim number three-- suspected of rape. Victim number four-- accusations of child molestation. Five stole her grandmother’s life savings, and granny lost her house, died alone in a hospital after spending a year homeless. Six. Six was harder, but I think I’ve linked him to a hit and run death two states over. And then Snoke.” Ben paused and grinned triumphantly, his heart racing and his hands shaking. Of course, that could have been the caffeine. “No one was sad to see these people go. He’s taking out the trash.” Phasma said, “Hot damn.” Poe was staring at Ben with a sort of familiar awe, like he wasn’t surprised that Ben had surprised him. Finn and Rey were staring back and forth at each other, a strange darkness in their eyes. It made Ben realize he was too excited, leaning on his desk, eyes gleaming and grinning like a maniac. “Good work, Benjamin. Now go home.” They all turned at the same time. No one had realized Luke was standing in the doorway, his coat flung over his arm. “I’m fine,” Ben protested again, but Luke cut him off, soft voice firm and annoyingly serene. “Give the files to your team. And go home. Get some sleep. You earned it.” The other four piled on. “I’ll take Snoke. Finn, you work on five and six, Rey, three and four, and Poe, you’ve got one and two.” Phasma’s voice was loud and commanding. “Let’s find out just how much shit these people were hiding.” Before Ben could protest, all three of them were snatching files from his desk, shuffling all his papers, flipping through all the research he’d spent the night compiling. Phasma looked down at him and muttered, “I’ll keep an eye on your rookie. Go home. Start your weekend early.” They practically shoved him out into the hallway. He caught a cab home, fuming the entire ride about the ungrateful bastards stealing his thunder. That was his break. His work he’d spent all evening compiling and now they were breaking it up, rushing away with his files to interview his suspects about his case. It was his case. The rest of them were just noise, warm bodies to get in his way. By the time he got to his apartment, his hands were shaking again but it wasn’t excitement and it wasn’t the caffeine. He uncorked the bottle of scotch on his coffee table and wandered out onto his balcony with an empty glass in one hand and the scotch in the other. It was still early. He peered over the railing at a steady stream of people marching off to their jobs, briefcases swinging at their sides, heels clicking on the pavement. He sat down heavily and poured himself a glass. Below him, a young woman was tugging a child along behind her, but the boy was crying and the woman was ignoring him, except to yank his arm too hard every few seconds. Across the street, a middle aged man in a dark coat lounged between two buildings, eyes flicking up and down the street. As Ben watched, another man met him, the two spoke briefly, shook hands, and parted ways. Ben tried to determine what kind of drugs they’d just exchanged but they were too far away for him to really see their faces. He drank from his glass, and heard someone on a cell phone below him, but out of sight, start screaming about needing the deal to go perfectly, that if it fell apart it would be the caller’s fault and the speaker would be happy to fire them. He could hear all of them, see them, feel them crawling under his skin and settling there, digging their boney heels and sharp nails into muscle and sinew, grabbing hold and refusing to let go. So much noise. He could go inside, try to sleep, and it wouldn’t matter. He knew how to drown them out and sitting at home alone in the middle of the day was not the way to do it. He couldn’t call Poe anymore. It was easier to ignore the buzzing in his head and under his skin when Poe was talking to him, looking at him, fuck, moaning for him or screaming at him or even crying. He squeezed his eyes shut and tried to remember when those three things had become linked, when he’d stopped caring what the reaction was, so long as there was a reaction. When he’d stopped caring if Poe was laughing or screaming. If he was touching Poe to make Poe feel good, or to make himself stop feeling bad. The city was screaming at him and there wasn’t a goddamn thing he could do about it. He forgot his glass. He put the bottle to his lips instead. Notes: Ok. So. I was feeling a little self conscious about Chapters 1 and 2 (Thanks Ajax my angel) but I'm feeling REALLY good about how this story is shaping up from here on out, so, I apologize (I mean, but not really?) if this gets updated way too fast from now on! :D? Your kudos and comments validate me as a person. Seriously. I had no idea how much I needed them. <3<3<3 Chapter 3 : Spiral Summary: Ben's personal life catches up with him. Notes: See end of chapter for potential trigger warning (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe was laughing. It was nice, hearing him laugh like that. Ben couldn’t remember the last time he’d sounded so happy. Ben put his head against the doorframe and listened for a minute, forgot he’d knocked already until Poe opened the door and his face went from bright and sunny to shuttered darkness in an instant. That was interesting. Ben almost peered around to find out what had bothered him so much but then he realized he was the only thing in Poe’s line of sight. Oh. “Ben.” He managed to make Ben’s name sound like a disease, like he was giving someone the worst possible news or talking about something incredibly unfortunate. Ben scowled. “Hey. H-hey.” “You. What the fuck are you doing here?” Ben shoved into the apartment and kicked the door closed behind him. Poe… sort of… let him. He didn’t actually stop him, but he crowded Ben back against the door, like he wasn’t willing to let him take more than a few steps inside. Ben didn’t mind. Poe was standing close enough that Ben could smell his shampoo and the cologne he always wore when they were going out to dinner together. He had no idea what it was, but he hadn’t realized how much he’d missed that smell until that moment. He grinned with half his face and leaned forward, not bothering to hide the way he inhaled. “You smell good.” Poe’s eyes were wide and at that, they narrowed into sharp understanding. He scrubbed his hand over one cheek and shook his head. “Ben. What are you doing here?” “I wanted to see you.” “You saw me this morning.” “No,” Ben said sharply. He lifted his hands and wrapped them around Poe’s waist, tugged him close. He was such a solid man, Ben always forgot how little he was until he saw his own hands against Poe’s stomach. He was only tangentially aware of the way Poe’s hands fisted around Ben’s wrists, of the way he leaned back and turned his head away when Ben leaned in and whispered, “I wanted to see you.” He didn’t realize Poe was trying to push him away until he leaned in to kiss him, and Poe’s hand came up, sharp and fast, to grip him by the chin and shove him back. “Goddamn it, Ben,” he hissed, voice oddly low, “I thought we were passed this.” Ben grinned at him, and shifted his weight, pulled Poe around so Poe was pressed to the door and Ben was holding him there like he’d always liked before. When they’d. Before. He’d liked this. But Ben couldn’t figure out why he kept turning his face away like that. “So we’re not together anymore,” he muttered. “It doesn’t mean we can’t be together. I--” Poe put both his hands on Ben’s chest and pushed. Ben only moved because he heard a sound behind him. And then a voice. “Hey, who was at the do--” Ben whirled and found Finn staring at him. His warm brown eyes were huge, like a doe in a spotlight. The blue button up shirt he was wearing was only half buttoned. The lighting was warm; Poe had the dimmers turned half way down and some soft tinkly jazz music was playing. Poe used to play him jazz like that. Poe said very softly. “Ben.” “ What the fuck is he doing here?” Ben fisted his hand in the cloth at Poe’s shoulder and shoved him back into the door so hard the whole wall shook. Finn took a step forward then, hands balling into fists and his pretty dark eyes narrowing. “Let--” Poe stuck his hand up. “Don’t.” Finn went very still, but it was the kind of stillness of a man preparing himself for a fight. Ben grinned at him with all his teeth and thought, I fucking dare you. “Let go of me.” He looked back down and found he was still gripping Poe’s shirt. “Ben. Let go of me.” Poe’s voice was very low, and very controlled. “Benny.” Ben swallowed hard and let go. The second Ben’s hand came away, Poe shoved away from the door and went to Finn. Ben tried not to think he was moving away from Ben. “Are you--” “I’m fine. Go wait for me in the living room?” “You don’t have to--” “Finn. It’s fine. Alright? I can handle him.” “He’s drunk--” “I am not.” Poe said, “Go,” and Ben glared back at Finn when the other man stared at him hard for a few seconds before finally turning and disappearing down the hallway. When Poe turned back to look at him, Ben felt something knot in his stomach. “You need to leave right now. I’ll call you a cab.” “What’s he doing here?” “It’s none of your goddamn business, Ben.” “Yes, it is, if he’s--” “Get out of my apartment.” “I just came to talk--” “Then pick up your phone and call. You can’t just show up and expect me to drop everything to… to… Are you sunburned?” Ben pouted at the floor. “I fell asleep on the balcony.” Poe sighed and rubbed one of his eyes with the tips of his fingers. Ben felt the knot in his stomach tighten. “Ben.” “Him, Poe? Finn?” “Yes, Finn,” Poe hissed at him. “I like him. He’s… nice. Kind.” Ben snorted and rolled his eyes so hard it actually made him dizzy. “ Kind? Really Poe?” Ben grabbed him again, pulled him close and said darkly, “I know you. I know what you like and kind isn’t--” Poe was staring at his chest. Not pushing away from him, not moving closer. Just staring and standing perfectly still like Ben wasn’t even there. Like he wasn’t talking to him. Like Ben didn’t have any effect on him at all and Ben was suddenly horrified to find his eyes stinging. The knot in his stomach shifted up into his throat and it was so big it hurt. He didn’t move and Poe didn’t speak. It was probably only a few seconds but it felt like a long time. Ben realized Poe had fixed the wall he’d punched the last time he was here. You couldn’t even tell there had ever been a hole there now. Before he could talk himself out of it, he curled forward, wrapped his arms around Poe’s solid shoulders and buried his nose against the space behind his ear, where all his soft curls could brush against Ben’s cheek. He could smell his shampoo and his cologne. Feel all the hard weight of him, feel how little it all was in Ben’s arms, how small. “I’m sorry.” He didn’t realize he’d spoken out loud until he heard the door slam closed behind him. He left his hand on the door frame for a long time, tried to get his heart to stop slamming against his ribs and his eyes to stop blurring. Poe had been laughing when he’d answered the door. Ben had forgotten what he looked like when he was happy. He wished he’d never seen. Never remembered. ~~~ Poe woke him up too early the next morning. When Ben tugged the door open, he couldn’t believe it was Poe standing there. Not after the way he’d-- Poe stared at him silently for a long time, and Ben could see the anger arching in his eyes. Ben’s chest clenched. “So who talks first?” Poe asked him. “You talk first, I talk…” He trailed off because Ben had looked at the ground, the attempt at levity sending a bolt of painful nostalgia shooting through his gut. Poe had said those exact words the first time they'd spoken after Ben had kissed him. After Ben had run away with heat flaming in his cheeks and Poe had caught him by the wrist and Ben had known he was about to apologize, about to tell Ben they couldn't. But then he'd grinned. Spoken. Broken all the tension with his smile. Poe breezed past him without looking at him, and Ben was left holding the door and staring at Poe’s back as the other man picked up the empty scotch bottle and glared at it. “What are you…” Ben muttered, but then he couldn’t speak past the lump in his throat. He swung the door shut and Poe turned to look at him. His dark curls were in his eyes and Ben remembered with a painful jolt the way they’d felt against his cheek. It was funny how much he missed that. He hadn’t appreciated it enough when he’d had it. “We shouldn’t have sent you home yesterday,” Poe said softly. “What? What do you mean you--” “I should have known better.” Ben’s face twisted. “Don’t act like that. I--” “Come sit.” “What?” “Come. Sit.” Poe crossed his arms and sank onto Ben’s couch and Ben stared at him for a long time before he moved to the armchair. “I’m. Really sorry. I shouldn’t have. I just wanted.” Poe lifted his chin. Ben swallowed hard and said, “I didn’t. I don’t quite. Remember.” The words felt like broken glass in his throat and he wished he didn’t have to speak them. But he had to know. “I’m fine.” “I didn’t. Hurt. You.” “No.” Ben swallowed hard and looked down at his hands. “I. Hurt my hand and I don’t. Really. Know. How.” Poe’s eyes tracked from Ben’s face down to his bruised and scraped fist and he said, “You must have done that after you left.” Ben nodded and some of the knots in his stomach untied themselves. He’d only hit Poe once before. It had been bad. He’d been bad. They’d argued about Ben drinking, about Ben working too late, about Ben forgetting to eat and replacing his meals with coffee, and Ben had been on his eighth beer when he’d hurled the bottle at the wall and broken the fishbowls. And that had been it for Poe. Ben had seen it in his face, had seen his eyes shutter, had seen his shoulders get tight and hard and he’d told Ben to get the fuck out of his apartment, he wouldn’t watch Ben fall apart and Ben had said he wasn’t going anywhere, and then they’d been screaming and Ben put his fist through the wall and Poe had grabbed him and tried to shove him outside and he hadn’t really meant to hit him, hadn’t thought he’d actually connect but he had. He’d hit him so hard he thought he’d broken his hand when he sobered up and Poe’d had a black eye for nearly two weeks. Poe put him on his back for his transgression, so quickly the change in orientation had made Ben roll onto his side and puke his beer onto the carpet and that was it. The damage was done. Ben’s knuckles cracked as he stared at the bruise on his fist, the memory too close in his head, too real. Rey was right. It had been his fault. It was strange, not trusting himself. Six months ago he would have thought it completely impossible that he was capable of physically hurting someone he cared about. Six months ago if anyone had asked Poe if Ben had ever hit him, Poe would have laughed in their faces; the very idea was that outrageous. Ben didn’t know what had happened. Didn’t know when or how that had changed. The worst part hadn’t even been how surprised Poe was. It had been how unsurprised everyone else was. How they’d looked at Ben like he was scum and they’d known all along. Even Luke. Even Leia. “Do you believe me now?” Poe said softly. Ben stared at his knuckles and, very hesitantly, he nodded. “Why the fuck, Ben? We sent you home to get some rest, not crawl into a fucking scotch bottle.” “It was too noisy.” “It’s the city, Benny. It’s loud. Most people like that.” “No. You don’t get it, it’s like, I can hear all of them. And there’s too fucking many.” Poe shook his head, his dark curls shimmering against his olive forehead. “I thought it was better when you were alone.” “It used to be.” “Maybe you should go live with your mom like we talked about.” “I’m not living with my mother, Poe. Come on.” “It’s quieter in the burbs and the commute’s not that bad,” Poe protested. “Just for a few weeks.” “No.” “Then maybe you need to talk to somebody.” Poe’s voice was firm and determined. “You’re not handling anything right now. You’re just.” Poe shrugged and twisted his hands. Ben shifted in his seat. Poe sighed. “Go take a shower. I’ll… clean up.” Ben’s stomach jumped. Clean up. He opened his mouth to tell Poe not to touch the bottle of brandy, that it was fucking expensive and he’d been saving it for a special occasion, but then he stopped himself. Instead, he said, “You can keep the brandy. It’s. Expensive. I was saving it.” The steam cleared his head a little, although it was still throbbing when he turned the water off. He scrubbed the taste of old scotch out of his mouth, tugged a comb through his sopping hair and emerged from the bathroom in a pair of jeans and nothing else just in time to see Poe dumping a bottle of vodka down the kitchen sink. He winced because he’d had that bottle hidden under his bed and then realized it was probably a good thing Poe was here because if he lived alone and was hiding vodka under his bed maybe Poe and Luke and Leia hadn’t been exaggerating at all. Poe grinned at him and started dropping all the empty bottles into the trash can. “Feel better?” His voice was too cheerful, but it made Ben smile. The man was too damn happy about getting to clean out Ben’s liquor cabinet. “Nah. My head is throbbing.” “Good.” “Dick.” “You deserve it. You ruined my date.” “Good.” “I haven’t gotten laid in six months and it’s your fault, ass.” “Good,” Ben said again a little more brightly than he’d meant too. “We can be celibate together.” He dropped onto his couch and kicked his feet onto the coffee table. Poe snorted and came and sat next to him as he flipped the TV on. “So you and Finn haven’t…” “No. We’ve gone out a few times. Coffee and shit. Last night was our first real… date. I guess.” “Sorry I ruined it.” “No, you’re not.” “Nope.” “He’s a good guy, Ben.” “I’m a good guy.” “Eh,” Poe muttered. Ben elbowed him. It was good. Really good. It hit Ben hard and fast, how fucking normal this felt and how strange it had been not having it. He shifted his weight without really thinking about it, leaned in like he’d done so many times before and set his Netflix to some B horror movie just like he always did when Poe was sitting on his couch like that, all casual and comfortable with nowhere to be. “How was. Yesterday,” Ben said finally because there was about five inches of space between his shoulder and Poe’s and all he wanted to do was close the gap. “More of the same. You definitely nailed it with the vigilante angle. Once we started digging every one of them had more shit to uncover. We focused on the vics instead of the General. Phas said she’d get a folder together for you so it’s all organized when you go back in Monday.” Ben nodded. “Good.” “You’re gonna find him.” “I know.” “After you left, Rey really stepped up. She’s good, Ben. Like, really good. Better than me.” “Bullshit.” “I’m serious. Give her a chance.” Ben grumbled and shifted and his shoulder finally connected with Poe’s, all solid and warm and fuck he smelled good, how did he always smell so goddamn good? Poe went very still when Ben shifted in and Ben could feel him thinking, feel him weighing his logic against his emotions and Ben felt him, very deliberately, not move away. They watched the movie. Poe ordered chinese food because it always helped Ben when he was hung over. He was halfway through his lo mein when he said, “It really fucking sucked seeing Finn at your apartment.” “You think I liked watching you throw yourself at that Hux douche bag in the interrogation room?” “I did not--” “Yeah. You did.” Ben glared at him. He hadn’t thought about Hux since the man had left Ben his card. He thought about him now and his stomach jumped a little, which was strange because he didn’t want to think about anyone else but Poe. “What’s wrong?” Ben shook his head. “Just. Thinking.” “Bout what?” Ben shrugged. “Thanks for. Being here. Today.” Poe stared at him. “It sucks for me too, you know.” “Then why the fuck, Poe?” Ben snapped. “If you don’t wanna and I don’t wanna than why the fuck?” “You hit me, Benny.” Poe’s lips twisted. “There’s no going back from that. There are just certain things you can’t. Forget.” Ben stared back at him in the painful silence that followed. “We’re not good for each other--” “You are too good for me--” “You’re gonna make me say it? You’re not good for me . Alright?” Ben put his fork down and it was loud falling against the porcelain plate he’d scooped his lo mein onto. “Then why are you here?” “Cause I care about you,” Poe said with a shrug. “You were my partner for five years before you were my boyfriend and I fucking hate seeing you like this.” He shrugged. “You only get so many chances. You ran out of ‘boyfriend’ shots but I’ve still got a few left for a friend.” Ben stuffed a roll of lo mein into his mouth so he wouldn’t say anything else. And so Poe couldn’t see how those words hit him, how bittersweet they were. He swallowed too much at once and almost coughed. “You really are too good for me, you know that?” “Yeah.” “Too good for Finn too.” Poe laughed. “What the fuck, Ben. Everyone loves Finn. He’s cute, he’s sweet, what’s your issue with him?” “You.” Poe looked down into his fried rice. “Oh.” Ben put on another bad horror movie. Then another. Half way through the third one after lunch, when Poe was lounging on the couch with his head on Ben’s shoulder, and the food and the excedrin had taken care of most of his hangover, Ben muttered, “So. Six months.” Poe kept staring at the TV when he said, “Yeah. You too?” “Yeah.” Ben was silent for a long moment, watching a zombie with too many teeth crawling toward a woman caught in a bear trap. “You wanna.” “Not a good idea.” “I know. You wanna?” “Yes.” For a second Ben was sure he’d misheard him, even though the word sent a warm tingle down his spine. But then Poe had leaned up on the couch and buried his fingers in Ben’s hair and crushed their lips together, pulled Ben over on top of him, and Ben was thinking of how badly he’d wanted this and for how long, how many nights he’d stayed up thinking that he just needed-- “One last time. Just this once,” Poe breathed against his lips and Ben nodded. “This doesn’t change anything.” “No. No, I know.” “You’re just. You’re just.” “I know.” Ben held him too tightly. He kissed him too hard. He tried to remember every sound, every tensed muscle, every shiver and shudder, and found he was clearheaded enough for once to do just that. He tucked it all away, unwilling to let even the tiniest detail slip, because he knew beyond simply hearing the words that this was all he would ever have. This was goodbye. ~~~ Poe left at eight thirty, sweet and smiling with his big brown eyes so wistful it made Ben’s chest hurt. He closed the door and thought of his empty liquor cabinet for the first time since that morning. Then he thought of Poe, meticulously dumping each bottle out and the way he’d stared at Ben so damn hopeful and maybe even a little proud. So he wouldn't drink for a while. And he wouldn’t let himself think that maybe if he stayed dry, and maybe if things didn’t work out with Poe and Finn that maybe Poe would want-- No. He wouldn’t let himself think that. Instead, he picked up his cell phone and fished a thick business card out of his dirty slacks. Instead, he made a call. ~~~ It was a longer night than he expected. He was shivering next to his toilet after the fourth round of vomiting when there was yet another knock on his goddamn door. It wasn’t Poe. He knew that before he even stood up. Poe knocked the same way every time; two quick taps with the knuckles of his first two fingers and then once with the side of his pinky. He stood on shaky knees, rinsed his mouth out and managed to totter to the door with the comforter from his bed wrapped around his shoulders because it was fucking cold in his apartment even though he’d turned the AC off like two hours ago. He tugged the door open, squinted out, and muttered, “What the fuck.” Finn crossed his arms over his chest, but then stood a bit straighter; steeling himself for the conversation, gathering his courage. At least Ben intimidated him a little. “We need to talk.” “I really don’t think we do. Bye--” Ben started to push the door closed, but Finn stuck his foot in front of it, then shoved it back open and slipped inside. Ben didn’t have the strength to stop him. “Jesus Christ. What do you want?” “We need to talk!” Finn said again, voice almost as high as his chin. He was doing a very good job of looking down his nose at Ben while simultaneously looking up at him. Ben sobbed dramatically into his hand and whined, “Go away!” making the last syllable about four times longer than it needed to be. The last thing Ben needed right now was a jealous would-be lover banging down his door. Ben was jealous enough for Poe all on his own-- the poor guy didn’t need Finn trying to stake his claim too. Why the fuck had Poe even told him-- “I like Poe.” Finn said almost shrilly. “I like him a lot. And. We’re going to. Be together. And you’re just going to have to learn to live with it because he’s a good man and he deserves to be happy and. I’m going to try to make him happy.” Ben was too hungover for this. Hungover? That wasn’t the right word. “And you can’t. Ben. You can’t show up at his apartment and you can’t choke me out at a fucking crime scene--” Ben snickered, but still said, “I am sorry about that. That was kinda fucked up.” “Kinda?!” Ben shrugged. Finn sighed. “Are you gonna say anything or are you just gonna stand there--” Before Finn could finish speaking, Ben whirled on his heel and sprinted back into the bathroom to puke again. “Go away!” he yelled between dry heaves. “Leave me the fuck alone.” Finn appeared in the doorway a few minutes later, an empty vodka bottle from the trash can in his hand. “Are you sober?” Ben put his head in his hands, shrugged further into the comforter and moaned, “Why are you still here?” Finn whirled on his heel, reaching into his pocket for his cell phone as he went. Ben thought he was fucking finally going to leave, but then he heard Finn bustling around his kitchen doing God only knew what and a few minutes later, the door to the bathroom opened again and Finn crouched in front of him holding a glass of water. Ben glared at him. But he took the water. He managed to get a few sips down before he started puking again. When he leaned over the toilet, Finn tugged the blanket back off his shoulders, and then fisted his hand in Ben’s long hair and Ben tried to shove him away but he was being so goddamn gentle. Ben muttered, “I hate you. Go away.” Finn actually laughed. “Why do you hate me?” “Cause I’m a jealous asshole.” “I mean, at least you know that.” Ben swallowed a few more sips of water and Finn started trying to wrestle the blanket from him. “Stop that. I’m cold--” “You have a fever. Take a cool shower. You’ll feel better.” “I’m getting really fucking tired of people telling me to take showers.” Finn tilted his head. “Who--” Oh. So he didn’t know. “Nevermind. If I get in the shower will you get out of my apartment.” Finn smiled and nodded. Ben muttered, “Fine,” and staggered to his feet. Finn left the bathroom. Finn was right. The shower did clear his head a little, and he felt more human without the thick coating of sweat on his skin. Finn was, however, not gone when Ben stepped out of the shower. In fact, his apartment was more full than it had been before. Poe was eating popcorn on his couch. “What the hell.” Poe silently held up a bottle of yellow gatorade. Finn was sitting next to him with his arm thrown around Poe’s shoulders. Ben took the bottle. “You should have texted me.” “I’m fine. I have a cold. Or the flu or some shit.” Poe snorted. “You’re detoxing.” He finally looked away from the TV and said, “I didn’t realize it was that bad, Ben.” Ben glared at him and took a sip of gatorade. “It’s not that bad. And I’m not- -” “Nausea, vomiting, sweating, tremors,” Poe muttered. “Your hands were shaking when you left the station the other day, but I thought it was the caffeine.” “Well, I’m fine now. You can go.” “This is a stupid movie,” Finn said. “Fuck you, it’s a classic!” Poe protested. Ben’s door opened. “What the fuck.” Leia stepped inside and said, “Language.” “You should hear him at the station,” Luke said cheerfully, closing the door behind both of them. Ben groaned at the ceiling and retreated to his bedroom. He fell face down on his bed and grunted into his pillow. Leia followed him in and put her hand on the small of his back. “Mom. Make them go away. Why won’t you all just go away.” “Moms don’t ‘go away,’ Benjamin, you know that. Here.” He sat up and saw a pill in her hand. “What’s that?” “Valium. Take it. It’ll help.” Ben swallowed the pill. “I don’t need you all here.” “Tough. You’ve got us. You’ve always got us, Ben. Come on, we’re watching bad horror movies, Poe says. I don’t know why you boys like those. They’re awful.” Ben shrugged. “It’s. Kinda his thing. I dunno. I like it.” “I’m proud of you, Benjamin.” “Oh, God, Mom. Don’t.” “I birthed you. I get to ‘do.’” “You’re all making it out like it’s this big thing, It’s not a big thing. Like. It’s not a big deal. Alright. Just stop.” Leia snorted. “Han all over.” “Don’t.” “You’re puking cause you haven’t had a drink, Ben. It is a big deal.” She brushed a lock of hair over his shoulder. “Stop trying to deny it.” “I’m not. I’m. Not,” he grumbled. Leia quirked her lips at him. “Come on. Come watch bad movies with us.” She pushed off from the bed and wandered back out into the living room, but instead of sitting on the couch, she started cleaning his kitchen. Ben didn’t stop her. She wouldn’t have listened if he’d tried. Ben retrieved his comforter and curled up on the couch. Seeing Finn and Poe together didn’t bother him like he expected it to. It did. It sucked. He’d rather be the one with his arm around Poe’s shoulders. But, he mused, remembering the way Finn had handed him a glass of water, tugged the blanket from his shoulders, fucking held his hair while he puked, there were worse guys. Finn wasn’t a worse guy. Finn was a better guy. ~~~ They stayed through the puking. They forced gatorade and scrambled eggs down his throat. They cleaned his apartment for some fucking reason. Luke should have been at the station; Finn too, along with Phasma-- he guessed Finn had taken a personal day too. Poe and Ben still had the same days off, Ben recalled with a twinge. It was bad, with a killer like the General on the streets, that half the department was now sitting in Ben’s apartment watching him puke into a trash can and drink gatorade, but he didn’t have the energy to fight them on it. Really, it wasn’t like they were making any real cognitive leaps without him. It was Ben’s case. By the time they left, the tremors had stopped. The valium helped. Calmed him. He still smoked a bowl. The weed was stale and burned too quickly. Ben never smoked and drank at the same time; he recalled hazily that it’d been weeks since he’d gotten high. He’d been too busy getting drunk. He fell asleep with his jeans still on, dead bowl in his hands, and didn’t wake up for a long time. Notes: *Trigger warning* This chapter depicts a very drunk Ben putting his hands on Poe (specifically his waist) with out Poe's consent. On a lighter note-- THANK YOU for the support for the last two chapters. It is making me feel SO GOOD and I am so eager to keep sharing this story with you all. Keep talking to me, it's SO GOOD. /needybitch If you wanna come hang out with me on tumblr, you can find me here --->https://ellabesmirched.tumblr.com/ Chapter 4 : Ensnared Summary: Ben allows Hux to escort him to dinner. A really, quite memorable dinner. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Armitage Hux picked Ben up in a red Lotus Elise. Ben’s jaw literally dropped when the slighter man pulled up outside his apartment and rolled down the window to stare at him with slightly raised brows. “Holy shit.” Hux smirked at him and Ben felt that shiver go up his spine again. It was strange how much and how little he seemed to be saying at one time with that expression. Like he was sharing some esoteric joke with Ben only Ben didn’t remember what it meant. “Get in.” “What, you’re not gonna open the door for me? You’re not exactly sweeping me off me feet here, Armitage.” “You’re too large for me to lift. And don’t call me that, no one calls me that.” “Isn’t it your name?” Hux made a face. “Just Hux, if you please.” If you please. Ben shook his head with a huff of incredulity and walked over to the passenger side. He slid in and Hux shifted back into gear without looking at him. But that little smirk stayed on his lips and Ben had the strangest and intensest urge to lean over and lick it off. “So. Where are we going?” “Do you like sushi?” “Fuck, yes, I love it.” “Good.” The car shot away from the curb and someone beeped, but there was never any chance Hux was going to hit them. He drove like a goddamn maniac. A very. Skilled Maniac. After about five minutes of tearing down short streets, running red lights, and slingshotting around normal, sane people, Ben relaxed his grip on the door. He knew a man who knew how to handle a powerful car when he saw one. Fuck, Hux might even give Poe a run for his money and Poe was the best driver Ben knew. Not that he’d ever told him that. “Alright over there?” “You drive like a psychopath.” Hux gave him a dark look from the corner of his eye, smirk (OK, maybe he was outright grinning now) sharpening by almost imperceptible degrees. Then he said, “Too much for you to handle, Detective? Do you need me to slow down?” Ben felt something warm and amused curl in his stomach. “I can take it.” Hux grinned again and the car revved. Ben chuckled as Hux blew through a fifth red light and said, “Fuck, you must be a traffic cop’s wet dream.” “Some of them. Depends on what they're into, I guess.” A surprised jolt of laughter shot from Ben’s mouth, but he’d apparently spoken with some sense of foresight because just as it died on his lips, red and blue lights flashed on behind them. Ben saw Hux’s eyes flick to the rearview mirror, then his hand move to the gear shift; he downshifted, the car revved and Ben jumped in his seat. “Dude!” Hux gave him a baleful look and said, “Oh. Right.” “You make it a habit of running from the cops?” Hux’s eyes narrowed on the road in front of him and he said with a smirk, “Only when I know I can get away.” “Yeah, well. ‘Scuse me for ruining your fun.” “You’re not ruining my fun, Detective.” The car rolled to a stop and Hux turned to look at him. “I’m just getting started.” Ben was caught for a moment, stuck fast in crystalline eyes and swimming in the honeyed tenor of his voice. Ben recognized a promise when he heard one. “You know,” he said a little dazedly, “You don’t have to keep calling me ‘detective.’ Unless,” he added flippantly to hide the way every thought in his head was sticking to the darkness in Hux’s bright, clear gaze, “You know, you’re into that sort of thing.” “Maybe I am.” Fuck. The guy had no chill. Ben half coughed, half laughed because there was something deliciously chilling in the way Hux was staring at him. Ben had looked at suspects like that, at murderers he knew he was inches from nailing to the wall. The uniform knocked on the window and Hux rolled it down without turning away from Ben. “You outta your goddamn mind, buddy?” the cop snapped. “I clocked you at eighty two in a twenty five. Step out of the car--” Ben rolled his eyes and leaned over, crowding into Hux’s space perhaps more than he strictly needed too. He smelled like salt water and something metallic. “Hi.” “Sit back, sir--” Ben sighed audibly. “Sorry about my friend. He’s a show off.” “Well, he can show off in a cell--” Ben shifted in his seat and said, “I’m gonna reach for my badge now.” “Detective Solo,” the officer said suddenly, sounding like the words left a bad taste in his mouth. “Yeah,” Ben replied apologetically. He didn’t think he recognized the officer (although there was something about him…), but he wasn’t surprised the officer recognized him. His face had been all over the news lately and he hadn’t exactly been low key before the General killings. “I’ll make sure he slows down.” He put his hand on Hux’s thigh, more of a test than anything else, as he crowded into Hux’s space. Hux only smirked arrogantly at the officer, but otherwise didn’t react. Didn’t shift, didn’t try to knock Ben away. “You’ll slow down, won’t you, Hux?” “If I must.” “Yeah, you must!” The officer snarled. “Look, I can let you both go, but I’m still writing you a ticket. I--” Ben smiled ruefully. “If you really think you have to. What’s your name again, Officer--?” “White.” “Officer White. Look, would it help if I drove?” Hux scoffed in his ear, his breath hot against Ben’s skin. Ben tilted his head. “That’s depends, Solo. You sober this time?” Oh. Ben realized rather suddenly exactly why Officer White looked so familiar. He scowled without meaning to, ground his teeth so hard they scraped audibly in the small space he was currently sharing with Hux, and he said, too sweetly, and with a bite of annoyance, “Of course.” “Cause I’d hate to have to call your uncle again--” Ben leaned away from Hux and resisted the unignorable urge to turn his head and see Hux’s reactions to the uniform’s taunts. “No need,” Ben said sharply. “Klein is your superior right? Why don’t we just call her?” The officer’s face got dark. “Or. If you don’t want to waste everyone’s time.” He grinned. “You can get. The fuck . Back in your car. And we can be on our way. Officer White.” “I. Suppose,” the officer said grudgingly, eyes hot and angry and defeated. “If you drove. I’d. I could let you go.” “Perfect. Than I’ll drive.” “Like hell you will--” Hux hissed in his ear. “Well, if you’d rather spend our date in a jail cell.” “I.” Hux narrowed his eyes at Ben as Ben pulled fully away and unbuckled his seatbelt. “Fine.” Ben grinned. Point one to him. “Great. Don’t worry, Officer White, I’ll keep things above board.” The officer nodded and then said with a cold note in his voice, “Good. Enjoy your date.” “We will,” Ben taunted cheerily. But his smile didn’t quite reach his eyes and he could tell by the way Hux was looking at him that Hux appreciated his shift from wheedling flattery to warning. If White wanted throw his weight around, Ben could match him pound for pound. And the last thing he was going to tolerate was a fucking trumped up meter maid threatening him with a waste of time. There was never any chance anyone was going to give Hux a ticket, much less take him to jail. The officer sauntered back to his patrol car trying to look like he’d done Ben a favor and Ben supposed in a way, he had. He was going to get to drive the Elise and if that was all he got to do tonight he’d consider the evening a rousing success. Hux glared at Ben as he climbed out of the driver’s seat but it was the glare of a man sizing up an opponent, of a man readying himself for a fight he knows he’ll enjoy. Ben grinned as he plucked the keys from Hux’s hands and said, “So where are we having dinner?” ~~~ Ben was glad he’d worn his best button up when Hux directed him to the proper street. The other man was fuming in a good natured sort of way from the passenger seat as he gave Ben directions and Ben was trying not to stall his car; every stick was different and this thing was fucking magical, but also a little fussy. He had to keep himself from gaping when Hux told him where they were going. If this was what having a rich boyfriend was like, Ben could get used to it. There was a line of impeccably dressed people out the door of the very small building, and Hux strolled past all of them like he did this all the time. Ben followed him and tried to look like this wasn’t fucking weird. He actually cut in front of the people talking to the hostess and Ben muttered, “Uh--” But then the young woman said in accented English, “Ah, Mr. Hux, we did not expect you tonight. We are very full!” But she was smiling at him. Hux replied, in lightly accented, but otherwise perfect Japanese, “Is that going to be a problem?” The girl smiled and switched to Japanese, “Of course not, Hux-sama, we always have room for you.” She looked back at the couple she had been talking to and said in English, “Excuse me.” Then in Japanese she told Hux, “Right this way.” She paused, looked at Ben, switched to English yet again, and repeated, “Right this way.” Ben lifted his brows. “VIP treatment? Aren’t we fancy?” “ I’m fancy,” Hux replied. “You’re just pretty.” Ben laughed, a strange giddiness building in his gut. “I’ve never been someone’s arm candy before.” Hux eyed him very deliberately as the hostess motioned to a secluded little table with orchids in the center of it. “I find that hard to believe.” Ben sank into the seat and Hux glanced at the menu she placed in front of Ben. “Oh, no need. I’ll order for us both,” he told her (still in Japanese, of course). She smiled, picked the menu’s back up, and left to presumably alert the wait staff. Ben smiled pleasantly and was exceedingly amused by not letting Hux know he understood every word the man spoke. Hux seemed to preen a little, conversing with the hostess in another language right in front of Ben. If Ben was being honest, it was kind of cute. He had maneuvered his way into the driver’s seat of Hux’s car; he supposed he could let him have this. “What do you like?” Hux asked him. Ben shrugged. “I’m not picky about my sushi.” “Good. I’ll order then,” he said, but this time in English and Ben tried not to grin at him. He was a bossy little ginger wasn’t he? Ben put his elbow on the table and his chin in his hand. A pretty, bossy, pale, freckly ginger with round shoulders and-- He was saying something. “Hmm?” “Sake, Detective, what kind of sake do you like?” “Uh.” Ben actually faltered. Mostly because he fucking loved sake. But when he opened his mouth to tell Hux what he wanted, he pictured Poe, gleefully pouring his vodka down the drain; Leia, smiling like he’d done something worth praising and saying, I’m proud of you, Benjamin; the way Phasma had grinned and clapped him on the back when he got back to work; and then he said, “Just. Water. For me. Thanks.” “Nonsense,” Hux replied flippantly. “One imbibes on a date. And the sake is excellent.” Ben was sure it was. “Well.” He cleared his throat. “No. Just water. Or tea. I like tea.” Hux furrowed his brows. Then his expression cleared and Ben cleared his throat again because for the first time that evening, he didn't like the way Hux was looking at him. “I see.” Ben almost told him to fuck off cause he didn't see shit, but instead he forced himself to smile. “How long have you been sober?” Well if that wasn't not first date material, Ben didn't know what was, the nosy bastard. “Like a week?” he replied with an attempt at flippancy. He forced another laugh. “I mean, it's not a thing. I'm not. It's not. Just. Taking it easy for a few… days.” He could feel his face burning and Hux was just staring at him. The server interrupted the awkwardness and Ben had never been so happy to see a member of the waitstaff. The woman--the really, incredibly pretty woman-- grinned at Hux, and didn't even bother starting in English. “Hux-sama, we did not expect you! I am so happy to see you back!” Hux smiled pleasantly and said, “Good evening, Mai-chan.” Mai looked at Ben, smiled, did a double take, then smiled again, “Hux-sama, who is your business associate? You haven't brought him in before!” In English she said, “Good evening, sir!” But then Hux cut her off and Ben had to struggle not to let on that he understood. “I'm not here on business tonight, Mai-chan. He’s my date.” Mai looked right at Ben and said, “He is very handsome, Hux-sama. Too cute for you,” she added, wrinkling her adorable little nose as she teased him. Hux smiled charmingly and said, “Don't tell him. I don't think he knows.” But Ben saw a certain sharpness in Hux’s eyes, a certain annoyance, and it was all he could do not to mutter that Hux was too pretty for anyone, much less Ben’s scruffy ass. At least he'd shaved this time. Mai winked at Ben but kept talking to Hux. “I wouldn’t dream of it, sir. What will you and the gentlemen be drinking this evening?” “Just water for me tonight, Mai-chan. Him also. And a pot of tea I think.” “No sake?” the server prodded. “We just got a very special case in last week. Only twelve bottles. I had one put aside for you, but I can’t hide it forever,” she added, dropping her voice conspiratorially. Ben suppressed a cringe. Fucking special sake. Perfect. “No, thank you, Mai-chan.” Hux smirked. Ben felt heat curl all the way down to his toes. “I’d like to keep my wits about be me tonight,” he replied, matching her conspiratory tone. “He’s sharp, you know. Best be on my toes.” Mai shrugged. “Of course, sir.” “And we’ll have my usual order.” Mai nodded and bounced away. Hux said to Ben in English again, “I ordered a chef’s specialty platter. They’ll bring us the best in the house.” “How often do you come here?” Hux shrugged. “A few times a month. Always on business.” Then he grinned and Ben could see his perfectly straight teeth. “Never for pleasure.” “Where did you learn Japanese?” Ben prodded. What he didn’t say was that Hux’s grammar impressed him. It was flawless, if a little overly formal. “Military family,” Hux said simply. “My father. We moved around a bit, when I was a teenager.” “Is that what your accent is?” For the first time, Ben saw real annoyance flash in Hux’s eyes. Hux chuckled coldly. “It’s Irish. My mother was an Irish citizen. I spent summers with her until I was fifteen.” Ben nodded. So his parents weren’t together. That was something they had in common. “Summers in Ireland and the rest of the year on military bases? Where else have you lived? Aside from Japan?” “Germany. Other than that, we mostly stayed in the states.” Ben tilted his head against his hand. He could tell Hux he was fluent in seven languages and dabbled in a handful more besides. It would be fun to watch his eyes go wide in impressed appreciation. It would be more fun to let him keep on clinging to his false sense of superiority. Ben enjoyed this game more than he should. “So,” Hux said, his voice oddly weighted. “Tell me about your case. Do you know yet what happened to poor Mr. Snoke?” “Poor Snoke? You were singing a different tune last time I spoke to you about him.” Hux shrugged. “I didn’t realize the office would be so much quieter with him gone.” “We’ve made some progress,” Ben admitted. Hux sat up a little straighter. “Is that so?” “Yeah. But I shouldn't. I mean. I can’t really speak to you about an ongoing case. You understand.” Hux smirked again. Fuck, he really needed to stop doing that. “Do you think I’m going to go to the press, Detective?” “Call me, Ben,” Ben said. “Please.” “Ben.” Ben felt his cheeks flush a little. Hux’s lips were pretty wrapped around his name like that. “He’s a vigilante,” Ben said too quickly and against literally all of his better judgment. “At least that’s my theory.” He put perhaps a bit more emphasis on the my than he needed too, but it was nice, talking in a romantic capacity to someone who could be impressed by his work from a non-industry point of view. And as much as Hux seemed to like calling Ben ‘Detective’, Ben was betting talking about his case, at least a little, was a good way to engender appreciation with this man. In short, he was a shameless flirt and terrible show off. But at least he hid it a little better than Hux did. “A vigilante,” Hux breathed, like Ben had just said something incredibly provocative. He leaned forward in his chair, wrapped his left hand around his right. “Tell me more.” Ben laughed. “I really shouldn’t.” Hux’s nostrils flared. “No?” Ben saw it quite clearly in that moment; how much Hux hated being… disobeyed. He hadn’t asked Ben to tell him more; he’d told him. The hair on the back of Ben’s neck prickled, heat darting down his spine. Ben hated taking orders from anybody. That little nostril flare should have annoyed him more. This man was trouble, he realized, thinking back to the way he’d glared when he’d given Ben the keys to the car, the way his nostrils had flared just like this when Ben told him the CSI team would have to search his office. Before Poe, Ben had always had a thing for guys who tried to boss him around. A sort of self-destruct button since Ben fucking hated being told what to do. Old habits die hard, I guess, he mused, grin widening in spite of himself. But before he could speak again, Mai brought a tray with water and the tea. Her eyes lingered on Ben for a hair too long and Hux noticed. His nostrils flared again and wasn’t that interesting? Jealous too? Fuck. However this ended, it was going to be fucking spectacular. “No, I don’t think so,” Ben said lightly, bringing the water glass to his lips. “Hmm. I see.” “You see what?” Ben asked too quickly. Hux smirked. “Nothing. I’m sure it’s nothing.” He was watching Ben in supreme amusement. “What are you implying?” “I haven’t said anything,” Hux said with a chuckle. He poured himself a mug of tea. “Tea?” “No, you’re just thinking it.” “You can tell what I thinking.” “You’re thinking I’m full of shit.” “Oh, I wouldn’t say that.” “It’s not going to work. You can’t goad me into giving you more about the case.” “Of course. I wouldn’t dream of it.” Ben realized he was leaning too far forward in his chair. He sat back with a light thud and a huff of incredulity. Hux took a sip of his tea. Ben crossed his arms over his chest. Hux smiled at him. Not a smirk. Not one of his half grins showing all his teeth. An actual smile. “Ok, but if this leaks, I swear to god, I’ll put you in a cell.” “You have no grounds to put me in a cell, Detective.” Ben flapped his hand. “Eh. I’ll find something.” Hux’s eyes sparkled. “All his victims have criminal records.” “Hmm.” “Well, except Snoke. See, Snoke broke the pattern. Snoke, he’s rich, he’s protected. People notice if he doesn’t show up to work. So I did some digging.” Ben paused to drink some of his tea, enjoying the way Hux shifted forward, the movement almost unnoticeable. “Your business partner was into some bad shit, Hux. Did you know?” Hux made a face, “Do tell me this isn’t going to turn into an interrogation, Benjamin.” Benjamin. Fuck. “No, just curious really. Anyway, they’re all like that. Off the record shit, implicated in some really nasty… shenanigans.” “Shennanegins.” Ben shrugged. “Point being, I’ve started to compile a profile.” “You’re a profiler, are you?” Hux teased. “I mean, not technically. But practically, yeah. That’s sort of my thing.” “Is it?” “Yeah. I’m good at it.” “Can you profile me?” Ben laughed. “Bad idea.” “Why?” Ben lifted his brows. “Because you value your privacy. You won’t enjoy someone plucking apart all your ticks and quirks.” Ben paused, gave Hux a smirk of his own. “You think you’re unreadable. So you won’t like being proven wrong.” Hux’s nostrils flared again, his eyes sharpening into sparkling hardness. “Try me.” Ben leaned forward, made a show of looking Hux up and down, but he already knew all he needed to. “You like to be in control. It permeates everything you do. Your clothes are always pressed, your hair is always perfect, your house and office and car are spotlessly clean. Habits you probably picked up with a military family, and further ingrained with your own time in the rangers, but ultimately, it stems from personality, not a learned routine. This… desire to control everything around you even extends to your own emotions. You think you’ve never had an expression that wasn’t meticulously chosen, think you’ve never revealed anything you didn’t intend to reveal, but. You’re nostrils flare when you're annoyed and you hate being contradicted. Disobeyed. Plus,” Ben added against his better judgement. “You have very expressive eyes.” Hux’s face remained expressionless. But his eyes. The man was positively giddy. “You know how attractive you are. You know how charming people find you. You use it to get your way. And when that doesn’t work you flash your wallet. And when that doesn’t work.” Ben’s expression hardened. “You get angry.” “You’ve never seen me angry.” “No. I did see crime scene photos though. Of the man you killed. And I found some security footage. I’m sure you’re familiar with it. It wasn’t admissible in court since it was seized without a warrant, which is good for you because.” Ben blinked. “You watched him die.” Hux tilted his head, eyes narrowing. “I told you I stayed with him.” “You watched him.” Ben put his crossed elbows on the table. “You bent down, crouched without putting your knees on the pavement-- so you wouldn’t get his blood on your pants-- and you watched him bleed out. You liked it.” “Strong accusations, Detective. You would go on a date with a murderer?” Ben grinned and the expression was a little vicious. “I watched him too, before you shot him. If you’d been another man, the cops would have been peeling your brains out of the grout.” “And what makes you say that?” “Body language. Aggression. He probably would have emptied your pockets after, just to make it look like that was his goal all along, but it wasn’t. The man was out for blood.” Ben shrugged. “I obviously can’t talk to him so I have no idea why.” Hux surveyed him in silence, crossed his arms over his chest. Ben yawned-- nothing out of the ordinary here-- and watched Hux’s eyes narrow. “That’s very impressive, Benjamin.” Ben considered correcting him. No one but Luke and Leia called him Benjamin. But, a little surprisingly, he found he liked it when Hux said it. “Would you like to know what I know about you?” “Oh. Please. Enlighten me.” “I fascinate you.” Ben laughed incredulously. He seemed to be doing that a lot lately. Hux shrugged. “That’s all I need to know.” Ben didn’t have time to come up with a response, because Mai arrived with their sushi and Ben was distracted by food-- which was always an effective way to distract him. It was the most lavish spread he’d ever seen. Mai brought a huge platter spread with two pieces each of Ben-didn’t-even-bother-to-count how many different types of maki, sashimi, and nigiri. Ben eyed the whole thing in mouthwatering appreciation and realized that somewhere along the way, Mai had deposited miso soup and edamame on the table and Hux and Ben had been so engrossed in conversation neither of them had touched it. Hux switched to Japanese once more and said, “Thank you, Mai-chan. What have you brought us?” Mai grinned at Ben, then glanced at Hux and replied in kind, “Give him this, Hux-sama.” She motioned elegantly to the only nameless bite on the platter that had four pieces instead of two. She looked at Ben while she did it, and if he hadn’t been able to understand every word she spoke, he would have thought she was only explaining the food and not talking about him. “Very good for a date. It’s fugu. Very dangerous,” she said, winking at Hux. “If you don’t know how to prepare it properly.” “Yes, I’m familiar with it,” Hux muttered, staring at Ben over the platter of food. “I can’t say I’ve ever tried it.” “The toxins in the fish, when prepared properly, induce a slight euphoric effect,” Mai said very professionally, straightening a little. Then she grinned again and repeated suggestively, “So, very good for a date.” “You have experience in this area, Mai-chan?” “You are very forward, Hux-sama,” Mai replied with a tinkling laugh. “But perhaps.” Hux spared her a glance and a small smile, then lifted his chopsticks to the thinly sliced fish. He expertly plucked a piece from the small pile and held it just so across the table before saying to Ben, “Fugu, she says.” Ben allowed himself to grin, and pressed, “Fugu?” as if he didn’t know. “Pufferfish,” Hux replied. “The infamously toxic delicacy of japanese cuisine. If prepared improperly, the toxins cause paralysis, death.” He smirked. Goddamn him. Ben’s toes were going to cramp from curling in his shoes so much if Hux didn’t stop looking at him like that. Like he was the meat dangling from the end of the chopsticks and not the man about to eat that meat. “The goal in preparing the fish however, is not to eliminate the toxins completely but reduce them to a consumable amount. So as to induce slight… tingling. Euphoria.” Ben let him go on because it was really rather nice hearing him talking about euphoric tingling. Hux extended his arm across the short table and Ben felt every facet of his attention suddenly zero in on the pads of his fingers around the chopsticks, the way the translucent fish was balanced so elegantly between the wood, the wonderfully defined muscle on his forearm, stretching out from beneath his dove gray button up, and-- oh. Oh, that wasn’t even fair. Unidentifiable black lines crawling back into his sleeve-- a military tattoo. Ben swallowed hard, and Hux said, “Try it.” Well then. Really, what choice did he have? Hux watched him impassively as he tilted his head and hunched just a bit to bring his lips in line with Hux’s hand; he didn’t move to help, didn’t lift his hand any higher, and Ben had to dip just so to get his lips around the bite of food Hux had deigned to offer him. At the last moment, he decided to make a bit of a show of it, cognisant of the way the thin slice of meat would fall against his lips, of Hux’s eyes hot and heavy on his face, and of, Mai, inexplicably still watching them. He licked his lips before he began to chew and with a sudden surge of delight he watched Hux’s pupils dilate. He swallowed. Grinned with all his teeth. “Delicious.” Mai laughed as Hux, without giving any indication that he was at all amused himself, plucked a piece of the fugu up for himself and fastidiously ate it. “You will have your hands full with this one, Hux-sama. He isn’t scared of you, you know.” “I know,” Hux replied. “That’s why I like him.” Ben felt his grin stretch and Hux’s eyes on him sharpened. Before understanding could fully dawn on him, Ben said, in flawless Japanese, “Why should I be scared of him? Do you know something I don’t, Mai-san?” Mai’s mouth dropped. Color rose in her cheeks, and then she started laughing. But Ben was watching Hux. There was color in his cheeks too, but Ben didn’t think it was all embarrassment. In fact, after his initial shock, he seemed downright pleased. “Why didn’t you tell me your boyfriend spoke Japanese!” Mai tinkled, smacking Hux lightly on the arm. Ben plucked his second piece of fugu from the platter and chewed it with an open mouthed grin. Hux said very stiffly. “It’s only our first date, Mai-chan. I didn’t know.” “Dirty trick,” she taunted Ben. “Me?” Ben exclaimed. “I wasn’t the one carrying on a conversation about someone right in front of them.” Mai laughed again. “What did I say, Hux-sama? A handful.” With that, she whirled on her heel, long braid slapping against her back, and walked away. Ben would have watched her go, but the expression in Hux’s eyes was too good to ignore. “Indeed, he is,” Hux muttered in English again, since Mai wasn’t exactly there to hear him. “You speak Japanese.” “And also,” Ben lifted his hand to tick off the languages. “Spanish, Mandarin, Russian, German, and Arabic.” He grinned again and added, because he was truly shameless, “Fluently.” He plucked another piece of sushi from the platter and then looked up at Hux while he chewed. The other man was surveying him with a shadow in his eye that made Ben shiver. “How.” “How?” “How.” Ben shrugged. “I’m good with languages. I’m good with a lot of things. But, let’s see.” He paused. “Spanish and German I learned in school. Japanese because my mother loved Tokyo and we visited at least once a year on vacation. Mandarin and Russian I picked up… from my father-- his friends,” he said evasively. “And Arabic, I learned a few years ago for the hell of it after I had to interrogate a guy who spoke it. Language barriers are annoying. It’s easier if I can just talk to them myself without having to go through a translator.” “For the hell of it.” Ben shrugged. “Took an online class for the basics and then went from there.” “And languages you aren’t fluent in?” Hux prodded. “French,” Ben said with a grimace. “I fucking hate French. My Italian’s a bit better. And my Cantonese is passable.” He shrugged. “Once you know enough, they all start to get easier. You can see the patterns. You can drop me in the middle of most European countries and I’d be able to get around. Little harder with the whole Middle Eastern area. And I’d be screwed in most parts of Africa.” He paused and added thoughtfully. “I should really get on that, actually.” He was bragging at this point. He should probably stop, but Hux was just staring at him, his eyes hot and crystal like the bottom of a flame and Ben couldn’t seem to shut up. He shoved another piece of fish in his mouth so he’d be too busy chewing to talk more. Hux licked his lips, and said, “Fascinating.” Ben grinned back. So it was mutual then. ~~~ It all went too well to end flawlessly. By the end of the meal, Ben felt like every nerve in his body was buzzing. With every passing second, he became more and more aware of the tiniest details about the man in front of him; the perpetually raised corner of his lips, the veins of emerald cracking through his crystalline pupils, the pale freckles splashed across his nose, the perfectly elegant way he carried himself. Ben want to lick every freckle, to bite those lips, to shatter that composed elegance with his hands and his mouth and his-- “Can I get you anything else, gentlemen?” Mai interrupted his musings for what he was sure was the last time because Hux said, “Thank you, Mai. I think we’re through. Please bring me the check.” She left and Ben tilted forward against the table, finally twining his fingers around Hux’s hand; he had left it casually sprawled halfway across the table and when Ben’s huge hand twisted against his, Hux’s pupils flared in surprise. “You know, I could get used to this,” Ben said, voice lower than he meant for it to be. “To what?” “Getting wined and dined by a charming millionaire,” he teased. He felt lighter than he had in weeks. He hadn’t spent the evening consumed by the lives of all the people around him and he hadn’t needed to get drunk to ignore it; Hux had simply been too engrossing to focus on anything else. He’d spoken true; he could get used to this. “You were hardly wined,” Hux replied and Ben was thoroughly pleased when he didn’t pull his hand away. He also didn’t deny the millionaire bit and Ben had been half kidding. So that was interesting. “Tea-ed then,” Ben told him. Mai arrived with the check and her smile widened when she saw their hands linked over the table. But before she could tease them about it (and Ben was sure she wanted too) Hux had pulled away to accept the check. “Mai-san, where is the bathroom?” Ben asked as Hux pulled a thick black card from his wallet. Mai motioned, then accepted Hux’s card with both hands, and Ben stood to relieve himself before the trip home. He was downright giddy when he looked in the mirror, and he spent maybe longer than was strictly necessary making sure his hair was falling just right. Every man and woman he’d ever been with had told him it was one of his best features. Maybe he could make Hux want to touch his hair just as much as he wanted to touch every single one of Hux’s pretty freckles. When he emerged from the bathroom, Hux wasn’t alone. A largish man in an expensive suit had both his hands on the table and was leaning forward, his face inches from Hux’s. Hux watched him completely impassively, but Ben recognized anger in the harsh set of his shoulder, so recently relaxed as they had been, when Ben’s hand had twined with his. As Ben watched, the man lifted one hand and shoved his finger in Hux’s face. “Listen, you little ginger cunt. You First Order fuckers--” But Ben had already started moving at ‘ginger cunt,’ stars flashing in his eyes. He tapped the man on the shoulder, and when he straightened up, Ben twisted both his hands in the man’s lapels and literally lifted him off the ground. He didn’t say anything. He just stared. Beside him he heard Hux huff in amusement. “Get your goddamn hands off of me!” the man sputtered. He was red faced and livid, but also, completely shocked at the fact that his feet weren’t touching the ground. He wasn’t a small man. Ben was just bigger. Ben wordlessly twisted and set the man down away from Hux, then turned back and said very deliberately, “This guy bothering you, babe?” Hux actually smiled at him. “I assure you he’s nothing I can’t handle. Just a… dissatisfied customer, as it were.” “Who the fuck do you think--” The man lurched forward, wrapped one hand around Ben’s bicep and tried to tug him around. When Ben turned, the idiot actually thumped him in the chest with his index finger. Oh. Good. Ben stared down at the offending finger. The man seemed to realize in that instant that he had made a grave error. “Oh, dear,” Hux said softly. “I do believe you’ve just assaulted a police officer.” Ben moved so quickly, he hoped Hux didn’t actually see how he got the man’s hands behind his back, and slammed him face first onto the table, sending the vase of orchids crashing to the floor. The restaurant suddenly went very quiet, and Mai appeared, face shocked. Strictly speaking, it was probably an overreaction. But when he looked around, Hux was watching him, pupils so huge Ben could hardly see the green of his irises anymore. “You can’t-- let go-- cut it out--” the man below him was furiously trying to buck Ben off, but Ben had him in that effortless grip he’d learned very early on when he still wore a uniform and had to hold suspects with one hand and cuff them with the other. Well, it was effortless for Ben at least. Big hands and all. “Are you going to arrest him?” Hux asked mildly, voice soft but still ringing through the room. Ben looked down at the man below him. He was the worst kind of rich guy. He kept muttering ‘do you know who I am’ and ‘I’ll have your badge’ and ‘police brutality’ and Ben desperately wanted to toss him in a cell for the night just to piss him off. The ‘assault’ charge would be enough to hold him for a few hours at least, until he called his lawyer. And of course, Ben could make sure it was a few hours before he got to make said call. But that would mean going into the station. Ben turned his head and looked at Hux and decided he had better places to be. Namely, if the night continued to go well, in a very attractive redhead’s pants. Ben let him go. The man stood up, face red, and looked like he was about to start shouting, but Ben cut him off. “It’s your lucky night. You’re not really worth the paperwork.” He leaned forward and lowered his voice, so their little audience wouldn’t hear him, and said, “But I could still change my mind so I suggest you go back to your fucking dinner and leave us alone.” He turned back to Hux, only liminally aware of the man tugging his suit jacket back into place and glaring daggers at Ben’s back. “Well. I can’t say I didn’t enjoy having my honor protected by a large and imposing detective no less, but that was hardly necessary, Benjamin. I’m quite capable of handling myself.” Ben stared at Hux. His breath was shallower. His cheeks were red. His eyes were black. “I know you are,” Ben replied a little breathlessly. “You wanna get out of here?” Hux stood and it was the quickest, least composed motion he’d made all night. “Lead the way. Babe.” Notes: WOOOOWWW This and the chapter after it are probably my favorite thus far. I hope you enjoy! PS: The rating WILL be upgraded next chapter. Things are about to get edgy, y'all. Chapter 5 : Close Summary: The date went well. The rest of the evening does too. Ben was walking too quickly back to the car. He grinned at Mai as he passed, feeling only the mildest twinge of regret at the expression of shocked annoyance she still wore, and stoically ignored everyone else watching them both leave. Hux slipped ahead of him once they got outside and that was good because Ben wanted to watch him walk. They reached the car, Hux reached out to open the driver’s side door, and without sparing a single moment to consider the consequences, Ben caught his free hand. Hux turned his head and Ben pushed through all the space between them, head deliciously blank, heart a frantically skittering mess. Hux’s back met his car, and Ben lost track of literally everything that wasn’t their hips and chests pressed together, his hand curled around Hux’s forearm, the other at Hux’s ginger temple, and every cell in his body seemed to pulse when they kissed. It didn’t last long enough. When Hux kissed him back, Ben pressed in closer, enjoying the way the other man was pinned to his fucking gorgeous car, enjoying the way he could feel Hux’s heartbeat skipping when Ben’s thumb was touching his throat, enjoying his- fuck, his lips were soft, Ben hadn’t really expected that. Every other part of him was so hard. Someone wolf whistled. Ben didn’t particularly care, but then Hux turned his head, broke away and Ben felt a surge of something hot and fierce because he knew how he looked-- lips spit-slick and hair in his eyes and cheeks all red and flushed-- and Hux most certainly did not look like a man being pinned to a car and kissed as fiercely as Ben could manage while not risking a public indecency charge. Hux, aside from his wet, slightly reddened lips, didn’t look the slightest bit affected. The whistler whistled again and Hux smirked at Ben. Ben, very regretfully, stepped back as Hux spoke. “You lack impulse control.” “I wanted to see what you looked like spread out on this car.” Hux blinked at him, then turned away, his hips bumping Ben’s as he started to tug his door open. “If I’d known you were a car man, I would have picked you up in the Vanquish.” Ben squeezed his eyes shut. “The what.” “Vanquish,” Hux tossed over his shoulder, voice muffling as he slid into the car. “Aston Martin Vanquish. It’s probably my favorite, of my collection. But the Lotus is nice for city driving. I prefer to keep the Vanquish away from pedestrians. Less fingerprints that way.” Ben made a sound in the back of his throat. Aston. Martin. Vanquish. That was fucking James Bond’s car and Hux had a collection? What the fuck else did he drive? Ben slid into the passenger side and Hux turned to look at him. He grinned-- really grinned with his whole face-- as he pulled out into the street and Ben felt a shiver run from the top of his head to the tips of his toes and the tips of other more sensitive places at that. Fuck, he was in trouble. ~~~ They started kissing in the hallway. It was Ben again, grabbing Hux around the waist and tugging him backwards into the elevator to his floor. Really, he was out of control, and someone should probably stop him. He’d never been so goddamn turned on just from kissing someone before-- not even Poe, and that shit had been years in the making. Hux, however, remained calm and composed, and wasn’t that just a little infuriating. It made Ben kiss him harder, desperate to draw out some sound, some gasp, or shiver, and he only made himself more frantic in the process. Goddamn it. The elevator dinged open and Hux shoved him out of it, one handed, and almost businesslike and really, really, fuck him. And his stupid freckles and completely even breathing. Asshole. He stood in the hallway staring at Hux and the bastard stuck his hands in his pockets. He watched Ben trying to catch his breath from the elevator door and when they beeped in protest, Hux rolled his eyes and shrugged his shoulders. “Which door is yours, Benjamin?” Christ. Ben blushed and fished his keys out of his pocket, unlocked the door directly in front of the elevator. He tugged Hux in behind him by his shirt front, crowded him against the door like he’d done with the car earlier, and still Hux didn’t really react. He kissed Ben back. He kissed him back and it was really good and Ben could feel himself coming apart at the seams, melting like soft wax, and he wasn’t used to that, he was used to turning other people to putty and not the other way around and when he opened his eyes, Hux was watching him. He didn’t bother to flip on the light. He stood there for a long time, fisting his hands in Hux’s hair, kissing his neck, and his earlobe, and it wasn’t until Ben dropped his hands to Hux’s waist and dragged his teeth across the place where his pulse beat in his throat that Ben felt Hux respond. He would have missed it if he hadn’t had his thigh jammed between Hux’s legs, but positioned as they were, the movement there was unmistakable. Ben grinned and bit him again and was rewarded with the tiniest intake of breath. So that was how it would be. Each response coaxed out with careful precision, each reaction so small, Ben would miss it if he wasn’t looking for it. You like to be in control. Of course. Ben could work with this. He adjusted his thigh between Hux’s legs, knocked them apart a little, and started to tug Hux’s button-up out of his slacks. Hux put his finger tips against Ben’s lips and said very clearly, “You will not touch me below the waist and you will not remove my clothing.” Ben took a step away, hands fisting at his sides. “I wasn’t. Trying. Did I do something wrong?” Fuck, he hadn’t meant to say that. He hated the way his voice sounded, unsure and soft, and he cleared his throat and said, “I mean. Sorry?” And of course that wasn’t much better. “You did nothing wrong,” Hux replied clearly, pushing off from the wall. He dragged his hand across Ben’s stomach when he passed and Ben felt every muscle in his torso contract and flare in one delicious release. “I just want to be perfectly clear regarding my expectations for the remainder of the evening.” Ben furrowed his brows. “Why?” “Will that be a problem?” “I mean, no,” Ben stammered. “I just. You still want to. To.” “Yes. I have found our recent activities quite enjoyable.” Quite enjoyable. “You have very nice lips.” Fierce heat kindled in Ben’s stomach and flared out over the rest of his body and before he could stop himself, he said, “I can do more than just kiss with them, you know.” Hux’s lips lifted. “No. Thank you.” Ben tried not to let his sheer confusion show on his face. Because for someone who was very clearly very into him, Hux seemed alarmingly like he wasn’t into him at all. He’d just turned down a fucking blow job for Christ’s sake, who did that? “Uh.” Hux unbuttoned the top of his shirt. He unbuttoned the top of his shirt. It was like in the restaurant, when Hux had offered him the fugu-- Ben was almost painfully aware of absolutely nothing else-- just that pale hand against that paler chest, the white button sliding through the gray button hole, how soft his skin looked, how soft the fucking shirt looked and when had one single button ever hit Ben like a goddamn strip tease? “Do you have any expectations for the evening, Benjamin?” “I--what?” He jerked his head from the hollow of Hux’s throat. The other man smirked at him and undid a second button and Jesus Christ when had Ben’s skin gotten so hot? When had his apartment gotten so hot? “Expectations, Ben. What do you expect of me?” “I. Uh.” Hux spread the collar of his shirt slightly. Then he popped the button on his left wrist and started carefully rolling up his sleeve. “If we are going to be intimate with one another,” Hux said very deliberately, “I would like to know if there is anything about you I should know.” “Like what?” Hux started in on the second sleeve and Ben’s breathing had gotten, really, embarrassingly shallow. How the fuck was he doing this? Hux stepped toward Ben again, and spoke. “For example, you’ve accurately determined that I enjoy being bitten. Do you?” “Yes,” Ben said without hesitating. Hux put his hand on Ben’s stomach again and Ben actually gasped, tried to swallow the sound and failed. “I see.” He stepped closer, brought his lips to Ben’s ear and Ben felt his eyes drift shut. This was bad. This was very bad. Hux had him on a string. He was going to make an absolute fool of himself and he wouldn’t even be able to pretend it was because he was drunk. “And what else do you enjoy? Tell me.” “I. Uh.” Uh. Uh. Uh. Say something, you complete idiot. Hux bit him, hard, hard enough that even though it was a brief assault, Ben knew it would leave a bruise on his neck for the whole goddamn world to see and fuck if it mattered because he gasped then hissed then moaned all in one breath and curved forward, melted against the other man’s chest and said finally, “Uh, uh, that. That. Was.” Hux did it again and, “ Fuck. Christ. Shit--” And then Ben got it. Hux didn’t not want to be touched; he just wanted to deny Ben the pleasure of touching him. They ended up on the couch and Ben didn’t know how. But Hux was on top of him, grinding against him, kissing him and biting him and fuck, pulling his hair, and Ben was embarrassingly invested in an encounter that had begun with the words, ‘You will not touch me below the waist.’ Ben kept thrusting his hips up trying to find some pressure, some friction to relieve the pulsing in his slacks and every time he did, Hux shifted, denying him even that and really he was truly a mean bastard and Ben had known all along, how cold, how cruel, it was all in his eyes, but really this was some next level shit. Someone was making a high pitched whining sound. Oh. It was him. Hux wrapped his fingers around Ben’s chin. Shoved his tongue in his mouth. Ben moaned like the goddamn whore he was and wondered almost absently how thoroughly mortified he was going to be when he came in his pants and Hux just smirked at him like the self assured cock tease he was. He didn’t care as much as he should. He kept having to remember to keep his hands up. He’d shift them lower, than jerk them away. He’d start to slide them under Hux’s shirt, then the other man would tsk like Ben was a naughty child and he’d gasp, “Sorry, sorry,” before fisting his hands back in Hux’s hair and trying not to think of how narrow and hard his waist was, of how perfect he’d look without his stupid shirt on. “You’re very enthusiastic,” Hux muttered against his ear and Ben laughed in sheer disbelief. “Do you have any idea how fucking hot you are?” “I must admit I find you far more enticing than I thought I would.” Enticing. “Than you thought you would?” Ben asked, voice higher than he expected and accompanied by another moan when Hux sat back, purposely ground his hips against Ben’s, and then started to unbutton Ben’s shirt. Hux looked at him sharply, shadows and fire in his eyes and Ben felt cold all over. Then he spread his palm against Ben’s bare chest and Ben forgot the feeling as soon as it had passed. He slowed his touches. Traced his fingertips along the muscular divots in Ben’s chest and Ben thought, as Hux carefully cataloged every muscle and mole, of the man Hux had killed in the street, of the cold look in his eyes when he’d pulled the trigger and the tiniest realization that Ben hadn’t really acknowledged-- that Hux had aimed that gun very deliberately, had pointed first at his attacker’s knee, before lifting the weapon and firing into his thigh. Hux had killed him and Ben knew it and the idea of being with a man who could take care of himself made every hair on his body stand on end, made every skin cell fire with heat and the bloody, compulsive thought swimming on repeat through his head, Could I take him?, the realization that he wasn’t actually sure. Hux hooked the fingers on his right hand and dragged his nails down Ben’s chest and Ben moaned like he was being fucked. He couldn’t help it. Everything Hux did to him seemed multiplied tenfold and he couldn’t control himself the way he normally did, couldn’t stop gasping for every unsatisfying motion. “Fuck. Fuck. Shit.” “Are you alright?” Hux asked, his hands stilling instantly, shrewdness in his eyes. “I.” Ben huffed for breath. “Fuck. Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine. I’m just.” ‘Really turned on’ didn’t quite cover it. “Would you like to touch yourself?” Ben heard a rushing in his ears and maybe it was his own blood pounding. Everything. Everything narrowed and there was nothing but the man above him, the impossible words he’d just spoken and of course Ben wasn’t going to do that, that was almost more intimate than actual sex, Ben wasn’t going to jerk himself off on his own goddamn couch while Hux watched. Was he? “Uh.” “I would enjoy that.” “You. Would.” “If that is something you are comfortable with, I would.” Ben tried to wet his suddenly dry lips, and very, very hesitantly, his hand started to drift to his pants. “No. Not like that.” Hux sat back and disentangled himself from Ben’s legs and just like that, he looked perfectly composed. Not at all like he’d been kissing and biting and scratching Ben into a quivering puddle of sheer want. “Sit there.” Hux pointed to a space a few feet from the couch and Ben eyed it wearily. “There.” “Yes. I’d like you to sit there.” It was strange, Ben realized, but Hux had stopped giving him orders like he had been at dinner. Tell me. Try this. Hand me that. Everything had become, I’d like if you, I’d enjoy if you would, and Ben’s mind was slowly emptying of every impulse that wasn’t involved in ensuring Hux’s continued enjoyment. He stood. He moved to the spot Hux had pointed to and said very softly, “Here?” “Yes. Perfect.” Perfect. Perfect. Perf-- “Why don't you remove your shirt?” It was already unbuttoned. Ben let it slide from his shoulders and flutter to the floor behind his feet. Hux sighed, adjusted himself on the couch as if he was about to watch a goddamn film and said, “I have such a weakness for broad shoulders, Benjamin.” Ben wet his lips again and didn’t say anything because all he could hear was that contented sigh kicking around in his head, spinning in beautiful dizzying circles and. “Would you kneel?” So Ben kneeled. “Not like that. Spread your knees a little more. Good. Yes. I like that.” Ben tilted his head forward, hair falling into his eyes, and tried to figure out what the fuck was happening. I like that. Ben liked that he liked that. He liked it alot. “No, don’t look down, please, look at me.” His head snapped up before he could think about it, whip fast and chased by a frantic, why had he reacted like that? His heart was sprinting in his chest. His palms felt wet. “Unbutton your pants. No. Slowly. Yes.” Ben’s cock finally emerged from his slacks, and he jumped a little when the cool air hit him. He almost missed the way Hux gasped and when he looked up, those crystal eyes were sparkling. Hux was too much to look at. He was leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, fingers loosely caged together, legs spread, taking up too much space and he was watching Ben so hungrily. Ben heard a distant half whimper and realized he’d made that sound himself. “That’s. Very impressive, Benjamin.” The Ben part of Ben’s brain told him to grin. Told him to make a sly comment, maybe tell Hux it was more impressive when he put it to use, but another, darker, quieter part of his brain seemed to be in control at the moment and all that part could do was think, very impressive, Benjamin, on repeat until Ben thought his heart would jump out of his throat. And then the dark part or the Ben part-- he couldn’t fucking tell anymore-- thought, please, say it again. “Touch yourself.” Ben didn’t realize he’d been waiting for permission until it was given. When he wrapped his hand around the base of his own cock, he moaned, long and loud like Hux had used his lips, and Ben was passed caring that that was a completely inappropriate response to jerking off. He pumped his fist and watched Hux’s eyes sparkle and it was like staring into the sun-- too bright to look at, so bright it hurt, only he couldn’t look away. Hux licked his lips. Ben felt fire flare in his gut and race to the tip of his cock and he curled forward, another poorly stifled moan on his lips. “No. Sit up.” Hux barked the words and Ben felt his spine straighten like he’d been pulled. “I can’t see when you bend forward like that,” Hux explained more softly, and Ben could only whimper in response and why the fuck was he making that sound, he’d never made a sound like that in his goddamn life and-- Holy shit. He was going to come. He’d been doing this for, fuck, a few minutes at most and he was going to-- “Stop.” Ben’s hand skittered across his skin, and he felt his breath hitch in his chest. “What--” “ Stop.” He let his hand fall away, stared back at Hux in complete confusion and the other man leaned back on the couch. Crossed his arms. Waited. “Again.” So Ben began anew and when his eyes drifted closed with the heat building in his stomach, Hux barked, “Look at me.” So he did. His shoulders buckled. Heat suffused his body and he stuttered a surprised moan because just knowing Hux was watching him was-- “Sit up.” He sat up. “Stop.” He stopped. “Again.” The third time it happened, Ben groaned in sudden frustration. Did Hux want to watch him jerk off or not? The fourth time, he whimpered. The fifth, he didn’t stop and Hux said, “Benjamin,” and his pumping fist stalled without his explicit consent. He stared back at Hux, chest heaving, and sheer fury arching from his eyes and wondered why the fuck he kept listening. “Again.” The moment his fist closed around his cock, Hux said, “Tell me what you’re thinking.” “What?” “Are you thinking of me?” And he was. He had been the whole time, every time his eyes drifted closed, every time his shoulders hunched, and of course he was, how the fuck could he possibly be thinking of anything else, and he gasped, “Yes.” “What do you see?” “I--” Hux was distracting him, turning his mind from his unerring fist and that was almost worse. The fucking unbearable pressure building in his stomach pulsed and he moaned again , because he could feel it in his arms and legs and fingers and toes and chest, a cresting wave in the split second before it breaks. “Where are we.” “I. I.” Ben was losing the meaning of his words in the threads of his voice. “Benjamin. Where are we.” “My. My. L-living room. My living room.” “Very good. And what are we doing?” “ Fuck, fucking. We’re. We’re, holy shit.” “Sit up. What am I doing?” Ben didn’t answer. Ben couldn’t answer, because the answer surprised him. “Benjamin.” Ben took a huge shuddering breath and Hux snapped, “Stop it.” His hands were shaking. He released himself fucking again and it took every ounce of willpower he had not to curl forward, not to put his head on the carpet and-- what? Shake? “Fucking me.” His own words sent a pulse of fire raging through his body, because Ben was never the one getting fucked; he and Poe had tried that maybe twice during their entire relationship and neither of them had particularly cared for it but now that thought kindled in his mind and there was nothing, nothing he wanted more. And Hux wasn’t touching him at all but. But. Ben did curl forward then, groaned into his fist and when Hux didn’t immediately bark at him to sit up, something deep inside him broke. Hux waited for him to take two huge shuddering breath and then he spoke. “Again.” Ben didn’t bother trying to hide anymore. He let himself moan at the feel of his own hand, slick with precome, coasting over his own skin. “Tell me what I would do to you, Benjamin. Tell me what you want me to do to you.” He let his shoulders shake with the sheer effort of remaining upright and he gasped, “Yes,” because it would be so good. Hux crouched over him. Hux’s hands on his body, Hux’s cock buried so deeply and Ben made a sound like a whimper and sob and Hux said, “ Tell me, Benjamin. Show it to me.” Ben shook his head, the scene forming so clearly, and so strangely in his mind, full of things he’d only let himself think about when he was very drunk, or very, very alone. And he was babbling. Telling Hux every little thing, letting him peek inside his head, see Ben face down on the bed with his regulation handcuffs looped through his headboard, his arms stretched above his head, and Hux with his hand in Ben’s hair, pulling his hair, and the other at his throat making Ben beg, pounding into him hard, and fast, and calling him whore, and, and, and-- “Like this?” Hux had moved. When had he moved. He buried his fingers in Ben’s hair, wrenched Ben’s head back, and Ben said, “Yes, yes, fuck, God, yes.” And everything was obliterated in a burst of white fire, brilliant, shimmering light and stars, and when Ben came to seconds or days later, his forehead was pressed to the carpet, Hux’s hand light on his head, and his shoulders were shaking and his cheeks where wet and he was sobbing and he didn’t care, dick still pulsing in his hand, sending hot stripes of come streaking across his chest, and he was just sobbing . Hux’s hand in his hair was gentle, brushing the curls off his neck. Ben took a huge shuddering breath and realized he was still shaking. Hux moved then. Silently stood, and walked away and Ben didn’t bother trying to track him through the apartment because he was trying to stop the fucking tears squeezing onto his cheeks and why the fuck and-- “Sit up.” A gentle pressure on his shoulder guided him up and Hux stared into his face as he wiped Ben’s chest clean. Ben opened his lips to talk and nothing came out. “Go sit on the couch.” He didn’t quite make it. He straightened up a little, and found his knees, locked under him for how the fuck long? didn’t quite want to support him and he managed to put his back to the front of the couch and that would have to be enough. Hux had disappeared again. He emerged from Ben’s bedroom, holding the down comforter from Ben’s bed, and he silently sank to the floor. Tucked the blanket around them both and tugged Ben over so his head was in Hux’s lap. Alright then. Ben could stay like this. His hands were still shaking. Hux’s lap was warm. The other man had made himself at home in Ben’s apartment. He ran his fingers through Ben’s hair. Plucked the remote from the coffee table and flipped on the TV. He shifted, stretched his legs out in front of him and crossed his ankles, and Ben jerked, looped his arms around Hux’s waist and tugged him closer. He heard Hux chuckle. Alright then. ~~~ Ben’s blinds were open. He never opened his fucking blinds. He cracked an eyelid, squinting at the offending window, and found Hux with his back to Ben, buttoning up his shirt. The t-shirt and sweatpants he’d borrowed were in a neat folded pile at the foot of the bed and Ben felt a pang of disappointment; he still hadn’t seen Hux bare-chested and wasn’t that just a little fucked up all things considered? He’d have to content himself with the memory of Hux’s deceptively thick arms snaking out of Ben’s oversized T-shirt. The way Hux had let him trace the black lines on his forearm. It was a simple tattoo, just two words-- Sua Sponte. “‘Of their own accord,’” Ben had read. Hux had smiled at him. “The Ranger motto.” “Do you have any more tattoos?” “A few others,” Hux said darkly, but he didn’t elaborate. “Can I see them?” “In time,” Hux replied, bending down and distracting Ben with a soft kiss. “I’d rather look at yours.” He laid his finger tips against Ben’s right bicep, blue and black with ink. The scene crawled down to just above his elbow and curled over his shoulder as well-- a dark splash of stars and in the center of it all, a white supernova throwing stardust to the void. Ben preened like a contented cat and twisted on the ground, the blanket tangling around his hips, so Hux could follow the scene onto his shoulder. Hux sucked in a breath when Ben turned, and grinning, he shifted again, shoved the blanket down and laid flat on the carpet. Hux’s fingers on his back were cool and gentle and his voice sounded strange when he said, “Lady Justice.” Ben hummed in reply, enjoying the gentle caress as Hux traced his fingers over her blindfold, her scales, her sword. “This is beautiful.” “Thank you. Took fucking forever. And the shit on my spine was fucking torture.” “Hmm,” Hux hummed and dragged his fingernail down Ben’s spine, making his breath hitch and his body tighten before he went soft and pliant against the red carpet. “When did you get this?” Hux asked, dragging his nails up now and Ben curled his fingers against the floor. Everything seemed too sensitive, like his skin had been on fire and he was just waiting for it to start burning. “Finished it. Three years ago,” he replied with some difficulty. “After.” He bit the word off because he hadn’t meant to say any such thing. “After what?” “Uh. I’m not sure.” “You can tell me.” Ben sighed, lifted his shoulders into Hux’s hand. “His name was Bell. Anthony Bell. Real. Real peice of work, this guy.” That was an understatement. “He was. We had these murders. These women. He’d.” Ben paused, squeezed his eyes shut. Hux rubbed his hand across the base of Ben’s neck. “It was bad. It was. Really bad. The worst case I’ve ever worked.” “Worse than the General?” Hux interrupted. Ben nodded. “The General doesn’t. He’d not a sadist. He’s not. Trying to cause these people pain, he doesn’t get off on it. He’s just. Cleaning up,” Ben said. Hux’s hand on his back stilled. “The scenes all look bloody but the vics aren’t suffering. They’re dead in, fuck, seconds, really. He’s that efficient. But Bell. He’d.” Ben shook his head. “I’ll spare you the details,” he said, repressing a shudder. Hux started scratching his back again. It was hard to truly focus on anything else when he was doing that, which was probably good because if he focused fully on the memories he was about to relay, he’d probably have a full on panic attack. He’d only had a handful of those in his life. Over half had occurred during the Bell case. “Anyway, I suspected him from day one. He knew the first vic and he just. I just had this feeling.” “You get a lot of feelings?” “Yeah. I’m good at my job. I usually know who the perp is before we’ve got the evidence. And then it becomes a matter of just. Finding that piece of the puzzle that’ll put them away.” “And you’ve never been wrong? Never focused on the wrong person.” Ben shook his head. “No. I haven’t. I mean. I know it happens with other investigators. But not with me.” “Huh.” “What.” “Arrogant,” Hux said, and Ben could hear the smile in his voice. Ben chuckled. “You like it.” “I.” Hux paused and Ben had the distinct feeling he hadn’t meant to speak at all. “Yes. I do.” Ben stretched his huge arms out in front of him and tucked one around Hux’s waist again. This was easily the strangest first date he’d ever had. He kept trying to be embarrassed, ashamed, confused about the way he’d. And how Hux had. But every time he thought about it, his skin flushed and all he wanted to do was pull Hux closer. He’d have to save those emotions for the morning, he guessed. “Anyway, I knew it was him, but. He was good. Didn’t leave much for us. Spent six months trying to nail the guy and he. Killed. Eight more women. He finally slipped up on the last. Left DNA-- hair. So we got him. I got him,” Ben said darkly. Hux carded his fingers through Ben’s hair and tugged, pulled him out of the shadows swirling in his head. He didn’t tell Hux he’d planted the hair follicles himself. He’d never told anyone that. “Killings stopped after that. Bell got life without parole. He’s still appealing, but. Anyway. It’s a good feeling when you get a murderer off the streets. So I got the tattoo. Lady Justice. She. Nothing gets to her. But in the end.” “She finds you.” “Yeah.” “Always.” “Yeah.” Ben sighed, hot and heavy, and Hux tugged his hair again. “Are you alright?” “Hard fucking case,” Ben said softly. He felt strange. Like all his emotions were too close to the surface. He had enough trouble keeping them in check most days, but this was new and uncomfortable. He cleared his throat. It sure as fuck wasn’t first date material. “But Justice prevailed. In the end.” Hux said. “Yes.” “She always prevails in the end.” “I dunno about that,” Ben muttered. “Don’t you?” “You don’t work in law enforcement. There’s so much shit tying our hands, Hux. I knew. I fucking knew it was him from day one and eight more women died-- died horribly-- before we had enough to arrest the guy. And even then.” Ben stopped talking, the truth locked behind his lips. “Even then, it was close. We got. Lucky. Really lucky.” “I disagree,” Hux replied, peering down at him. “It wasn’t luck. The Lady always gets her way. Maybe this. General. Person. Is just her way of balancing out the scales again.” Ben felt his pulse fluttering in his stomach. “He’s a murderer,” he said in pure disgust. “Taking the law into his own hands. No one man can serve as judge, jury, and fucking. Executioner.” “The law isn’t perfect though,” Hux pointed out. “You just said. People get away. Bad people.” Ben shook his head stubbornly. “That the law exists is just in itself. No one is truly blind. No person at least. We needs these rules. What he’s doing. He can justify it any way he likes. It’s still murder. He’s still a sick fuck with a superiority complex. I have to catch him.” “And if you can’t?” Ben stared up at Hux and realized that thought had never crossed his mind. Not even once. “I will. He’ll fuck up. They all fuck up eventually. And the General. He’s got a little peacock in him.” Hux chuckled. “What?” “The stars. He could leave them without the stars, but he doesn’t. Like most of these psycho murder types, he can’t stand that no one knows who he is. So he carves the stars. So we’ll remember him. So we’ll know it was him, know these people died for a reason. Whatever sick fucking reason he’s justified in his head, but still. A reason.” “You got all that from some stars?” “I told you. I’m compiling a profile. Every scene is different. Every murderer has a signature. The General, he’s. Calm. Efficient. Completely ruthless, but, like I said, not really cruel. Not a sadist. Fuck, maybe he would be if he saw the vics as, as equals but he doesn’t. He bleeds them like a hunter would. Like they’re animals. They don’t mean enough to him for him to spend more time on them then he has too. They don’t mean enough to him for him to watch them suffer.” “It’s remarkable that you can know that about a person just by looking at how they’ve killed someone.” Ben chuckled almost coldly, and said, “Why do you think I found that footage of you?” Hux stared down at Ben and Ben felt like he could drown in those eyes. He felt his shoulders settle against the carpet, his neck against Hux’s knee. “And what did you see?” Hux asked softly. Ben grinned, slow and easy, and said, “A man who can take care of himself. Who doesn’t take shit from anyone. Who knows how capable he is. Who doesn’t believe in being merciful to those who underestimate him.” Hux’s lips twitched. “You saw that and still ended up here?” He brushed Ben’s temple with his fingertips as he spoke. Here. In my lap. In the palm of my hand. Ben let his eyes drift closed. “I’ve never been one for damsels, Hux.” “No. No I don’t suppose you would be.” Ben looked up when he spoke. Hux smiled at him, slow and pleased, and leaned down for a kiss. Ben buried his face in his hands at the memory. Hux finished buttoning his shirt and turned away from the window. “You’re awake.” “You’re still here,” Ben sighed, ridiculously, inexplicably, irrevocably happy. Hux smirked. “I hadn’t intended to spent the night, but. It didn’t seem prudent to leave.” “I’m glad you stayed.” He sat up in the bed, the blanket falling to his hips, and he watched Hux’s eyes jump distractedly from his face to the broad naked swath of his chest. “Are you going? You shouldn’t. We should get coffee.” “No, I’m afraid I have business to attend to today.” “On a Saturday?” “Personal business.” He tugged his collar into place. Ben sighed and fell back against the bed. “Fine. When can I see you again?” Hux actually laughed. “I’m glad you’re not the type of man to hide his true feelings.” “What?” “I’m glad you want to see me again,” Hux drawled. “What, like you weren’t sure?” Ben asked dryly. Hux shrugged. “I suspected.” “So. When?” “Can I take you to lunch Monday? I have a meeting in the morning, with some of Mr. Snoke’s clients, and as that is sure to be a very trying experience, I scheduled a long lunch.” “Alright,” Ben replied without hesitating. Or really considering how Luke would feel about his taking an extended lunch break. “Perfect.” Perfect Perf-- “I’ll meet you at the station, yes?” “Yes.” Hux smiled at him. Ben felt cold fire flare in his stomach and there was a picture in his head, painfully bright. Hux with his hand in Ben’s hair. Ben babbling and gasping and-- “Good bye, Ben.” “Bye. Bye, Hux.” Ben watched him go and spent the next two days trying to figure out what the fuck had happened. Chapter 6 : Evil That Men Do Summary: The General raises the stakes. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Are you whistling?” Ben came up short in the doorway and looked up at Phasma. “No.” “Yes. You are. You’re whistling. Since when do you fucking whistle.” Ben shrugged and pushed past her. As usual, Phasma was the first one there. Not so usual was that Ben was the second. “I’m in a good mood. Is that a fucking problem?” Ben muttered. “It wouldn’t be. If it had ever fucking happened before.” “Fuck off, Phasma,” Ben demanded before turning toward his desk. “ Wait.” She crossed to him, put both her hands on his head, and twisted. “Ow, Phas, what the fuck--” Ben spat, swatting her away. “You have bite marks on your neck, you animal. No wonder you're whistling. You got laid.” “No, I didn’t,” Ben muttered, alarmed at the blush rising in his cheeks and distracting himself by rustling aimlessly through the papers on his desk. He hadn’t. He hadn’t. “Who was it?” “Phas,” he whined. “Male or female? Or. The other thing.” “Non-binary?” “Yeah, that.” “Hux and I. Had dinner. It went. Well.” Phasma gaped at him. Then she said softly, “Holy shit.” “What?” “No, I mean. I figured you’d appreciate the view but I didn’t expect you to go out with him. Jesus, Ben.” “You saw him ask me out.” “Yeah, but I didn’t think you’d actually go.” “Why wouldn’t I go?” “Cause Snoke, that’s why. You shouldn’t be fucking with Hux until this case is over. I mean, really you shouldn’t be fucking with Hux at all.” “ Why?” Ben said incredulously. Phasma’s eyes were oddly dark. “Look, I. I know the guy, Ben. Trust me. You two. Would not be a good idea.” “ Why?” “Hux. He’s. He’s an intense guy alright. And he’s into some shit--” “Phasma. I’ve literally never come harder in my life.” “I. Am not sure I needed to know that. I thought you said you didn’t get laid.” Fuck. Ben felt the heat in his cheeks again and muttered. “I mean. We didn’t. He didn’t. He maybe didn’t. Touch me. Really.” “What the fuck.” “Yeah, I know, weird,” Ben half stammered, running his hand across the back of his neck. “But. Effective?” “Ben. I know Hux. Like really well. And I know you. Like really well. Believe me when I tell you. You won’t be good for each other.” Phasma thumped him on the chest with her index finger and Ben’s eyes rolled back in his head to resist the urge to grab her. Grabbing Phasma was almost as dangerous as thumping Ben on the chest. “I’m seeing him for lunch today,” Ben told her, lifting his chin and stepping away so she couldn’t reach him again. Phasma shook her head. “Hey. Have fun. I just want it on record that I think this is a bad idea.” “What’s a bad idea?” Ben jerked around and found Poe staring at them both. “Nothing,” Ben muttered. Phasma looked down at her desk and suddenly became very interested in a file there. ~~~ The call came in two hours later. Ben let Rey drive again. Ben wasn’t sure he’d ever seen so much blood before in his life. But then, three grown humans produced a lot of fucking blood. Even Phasma said, “Jesus,” when they opened the door. Ben, Rey, Phasma, and Finn were the first on the scene, aside from the first couple of uniforms locking everything down until the CSI team arrived. Ben took a step inside. Rey started to follow him, but then he said, “Stay back. We need to wait for CSI to get here. There’s too much blood.” But Ben himself couldn’t stand the wait. Two men and a woman. All with four stars. How the fuck had he taken out three people? More rear nakeds? “Did you take them out one at a time? You’d have to. You’d.” This scene wasn’t as spotless as the others. A pile of papers were knocked over on the desk. “One of them fought back.” He looked up. “Check the other rooms for signs of disarray. If he stuck with the same pattern as before, he’d have to take each one out separately, tie them up, and move to the next.” “He knocked out and tied up two people without the third hearing him?” Rey demanded. “That seems.” “He could do it,” Ben said softly. If that was how he did it, Ben wouldn't be surprised at all. “We’ll need the coroner to confirm.” It was a travel agency. Ben was staring at the owner, her husband, and their business partner. Another white collar scene. Four stars. “What did you three do?” “We don’t know they did anything, Ben,” Rey said from the doorway. Finn nudged her. “We can’t assume is all I’m saying! I--” Ben tuned her out. Sitting on the abused pile of papers was a black note book, leather and expensive. Ben eyed the way the papers had fallen. A spurt of blood had arced across the room and splattered them. There was no blood on top of the book. But there was a rogue splatter beneath it. “ He left me a notebook.” “What?” Phasma said sharply. Ben pointed. He couldn’t reach the desk yet, not without stepping in the blood. CSI would probably already give him shit for even coming in the room without those stupid little booties on. “Motherfucker, he put the notebook there. There’s blood under it.” “Shit,” Finn said. Ben thought CSI had never taken so long to arrive in his life. He stared into all the corners of the room while he waited, catalogued everything. When they arrived and had worked through the scene enough that Ben could start to move around the room, one of them handed him a pair of gloves, and finally, the notebook. He cursed when he opened it. “What?” Rey said from his side. “It’s in French. I fucking hate French.” “I know some French. Let me see.” “Wait.” Ben flipped the pages. It was a ledger. A ledger with names, and beside them, numbers. “What the hell.” Phasma and Finn looked up from the female body. “What is it?” Phasma demanded. “Names. Numbers.” “Bookies?” Rey asked. Ben shook his head and shrugged. It was too fucking loud in here. “Maybe. I don’t. I don’t know.” Ben didn’t like this. He didn’t like not knowing. Ben shifted and flipped a page. The corner of the paper was torn away. Ben felt his heart plunge to his stomach. A fingerprint in blood marred the writing. “He tore something out.” “Is that a print?” Rey said sharply, peering over his shoulder. Ben shook his head. “It’ll be one of theirs, I’d bet money on it. He left this for us to find.” “Detective,” one of the techs said. No one in the room thought she was talking to anybody but Ben. “The bodies. You can look now.” Ben shoved the notebook into Rey’s hand and crossed the room in two huge steps. His shoes squelched in the blood he couldn’t avoid stepping in. “He killed her last,” Ben said outloud, moving in a circle around the three bodies. They were all tied to office chairs, neatly arranged within six inches of each other in a tiny arch. “She struggled against her bonds. Deeper ligature marks, and her skirt is torn. Hair in disarray. She struggled. She watched him kill them first.” Ben turned his head. “Smart. These guys. They’re big. He got them out of the way fast. It’s what I would have done,” he added under his breath. His eyes tracked from the top of each head to their toes, sinking in blood. “She’s got something in her hand,” he said voice suddenly frantic. “Fuck. Paper. A piece of paper.” With careful hands, Ben pried the scrap of paper out of the woman’s death stiff hand. It was splattered with blood, and had a phrase in French written in the same neat hand as the notebook. But the scrap had been bloody before the writing was added. The pen had dragged through a spatter, leaving a red smear in its wake, and the lines were shaky. “He left a note,” Ben said, voice distant, even to his own ears. “He. He had her write it. Same handwriting as the book. It’ll be her print.” Phasma stared at Ben and when she spoke, her voice was thick and maybe even a little afraid. Ben realized they were all staring at him. “What’s it say?” “Uh. Hold on.” Ben twisted the paper and stared at it. “‘There is… not. Good or bad. Except. Except make. To make. Think--” Ben cut himself off, and when he lifted his head, his heart was in his throat. “‘There is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so.’” “Shakespeare?” Rey demanded. “He’s quoting Shakespeare at us?” At me, Ben thought. But he didn’t correct her. ~~~ They were trapped at the crime scene for most of the morning. Ben was so engrossed, he almost didn’t feel his phone vibrate in his pocket. The note had only been written on half of the missing scrap of paper. The other half still hadn’t been found. Ben’s eyes were starting to cross, staring into all the hidden parts of this room, searching for the missing puzzle piece. When he did realize his phone was ringing, for the first time since the call about this scene came in, he stopped thinking about the General. On my way. Fuck. Ben yanked the rubber gloves off his hand and typed back, I’m at a crime scene. Someone was busy last night. The response was almost instant. Where? He peered around the room. He did. Need to eat. Right? So Ben texted the address. That’s nearby. Be there in five. Ben stared at the phone screen, heart suddenly pounding. When he looked up, Poe was staring at him. He’d arrived not far behind Phasma and Finn, BB at his side. “I’m going to lunch,” Ben told him. “I’ve gotten all I’m gonna get without food in me.” Poe nodded. “Lunch sounds good. Hey, Finn, you wanna grab some food?” Finn looked up from the scattered papers he and Rey were combing through. He looked a little pale. “I think I’m good,” he muttered. “Not. Not hungry.” “Well, I’m starving,” Phasma announced. “Let’s go.” “See ya,” Rey added, barely lifting her head. “Er. I’m--” Ben muttered, but they were already trotting outside, shedding booties and rubber gloves and Ben was left to follow, staring at Poe’s back and wondering why he felt like he was doing something wrong. He heard the car before he saw it. He stepped outside, crossed the police barricade, and was distracted from Phasma asking Poe where he wanted to eat by the sound of a honking horn and then the roar of a powerful engine. The dark gray Vanquish careened around the corner and Ben heard Poe make a sound he’d only ever heard before when Ben was doing that thing with his tongue that Poe liked so much. “Ben. Ben. Look at that car, Ben. Ben. Do you see that car. Look at it. Look at it, Ben.” He was fisting his hands in Ben’s shirt and Ben had to shrug him away. “Yeah, I see it.” Phasma was staring at him. Judging him. He pretended not to notice. The car rolled to a stop in front of Ben and Poe made the sound again. Phasma said, “Ben.” Ben whined reflexively. “I’ve gotta eat, Phas.” Hux rolled down the window. Ben grinned. Hux smirked back. “Are you sure they can spare you?” he asked by way of greeting, peering past Ben to the bustling scene behind him. “No,” Phasma said loudly. “Hello, Phasma,” Hux replied. “Yeah, they’ll be alright,” Ben muttered. He glanced at Poe, who still looked like he was having some kind of an aneurysm. “I’ll see you guys in a bit.” Ben put his hand on the door and Poe made the sound one more time. “ Take me with you.” Ben turned his head. “What?” “ You have to let me ride with you.” “Benjamin.” Ben looked back at Hux, who was watching him with his lips tensed. “Sorry, Poe. Maybe some other time.” Ben opened the door and slid inside just as Phasma and Poe both said incredulously, “ Benjamin?” Hux actually twiddled his fingers at Phasma as he jerked away from the curb. Ben sighed and let his head fall back against the red seat. Hux wrinkled his nose. “You smell like blood.” “ Three people, Hux. Three. I was just starting to feel like I had a handle on this asshole and then he goes and fucks with the pattern.” “Who was it?” “The IDs we had going in have to be fake. They’re French natives, running a fucking travel agency. But. He left us their ledger.” “He did?” “Yeah. The General. Left it right there for me to find. All these names and numbers. Still don’t know what they were running out of there, but the agency has to be a front. No way that book is above board. He’s never done that before, Hux. Left something for me to find. He leaves the scenes completely undisturbed, but this one. Papers everywhere, a book case knocked over in one of the offices. He was sloppier.” “Didn’t you say he’s only ever taken out one at a time before?” Hux asked sharply. “It can’t be easy. Taking out three people.” Ben shook his head. “No.” He twisted in his seat then. “How would you have done it?” “Me?” “Yeah. In the army. How would you have gotten all three of them tied up in one room by yourself?” “How do you know he’s working alone?” “I just do. He’s too. Arrogant to think he needs help. Aside from this, all the scenes are too consistent. It’s one guy.” Hux paused and thought. Then he shrugged. “I was a sniper. Close combat wasn’t my specialty. But. What was the layout of the building?” “Three offices and a lobby. Two bathrooms.” “Where did he leave them?” “The biggest office. All the way in the back. The other two offices were across from each other and more forward.” “Did it have a window?” Ben nodded. “Yeah. It was locked though.” “If it was me, that’s how I would have gotten in. Through the window. Lockdown that room. Move to the next.” “He could have locked the window before he left,” Ben muttered, staring into his lap. “And walked out the front door.” “We’re assuming there was only one person in each room,” Ben told him. “He’d wait until that was the case,” Hux said with a shrug. “Watch and wait.” Ben put his hands over his face and groaned. “Are you alright?” “I’m. Fine,” Ben sighed. He’d started the day so clear headed, so calm. “Crime scenes do this to me,” he muttered. “There are always so many people and I can’t. Tune them all out.” Hux turned and looked at him as he blew through a red light. “I’m fine. It just. Takes a minute to stop. Hearing everything.” “What do you mean?” “When I’m at a crime scene,” Ben explained hesitantly, “It’s like. My brain is on. I have to be so there to find what’s left for me. To see what the killer was thinking, what the vic was thinking. What’s. Out of place. But when I. Fuck, I dunno, open myself up for all that. Everyone else comes too. The new CSI tech who’s worried he’ll fuck something up and compromise a scene. The reporter desperate to prove herself to her boss by breaking the latest scoop. Phasma. Fuch, Phas is always trying to find little shit before I do and it pisses her off that she can’t. I can hear all of them. And.” He swallowed. He’d only ever explained this to Poe before. Once before. “It’s like there’s no room for me left. Like I don’t even fit in my own head anymore.” Hux turned the wheel and the car rolled to a stop. They were in a parking deck. Ben had no idea where they were or how they’d gotten there. “Nuts, right?” “If crime scenes make you that uncomfortable. Why do you do what you do?” “Crime scenes are the worst but it happens anywhere there’s a big crowd. Theme parks, restaurants, shopping malls. But the thing that makes me. Forget how to be me is also what makes me really fucking good at my job.” He lifted his eyes from his lap. “I help people.” “You seemed fine in the restaurant,” Hux prodded, brows furrowed. Ben smirked. “Yeah, well. You’re. Sufficiently distracting.” It struck him then. Why he’d had such an unexpectedly good time even before they’d left the sushi joint. His head had been clear. Just himself and Hux in there. Maybe a little bit of Mai. He could handle that. He could handle two and half people in his head. “Good,” Hux said. “Push your seat back.” Ben blinked at him. “What?” “Push your seat back. I’m going to distract you some more.” Ben felt a fiery shiver, hot and unexpected, pulse in his stomach. He pushed his seat back. “What about lunch?” “I’m not hungry. Are you?” “No.” Hux didn’t need further encouragement. In one surprisingly elegant movement, he rolled from his seat to Ben’s, put his knees on either side of Ben’s hips, and crushed their lips together. Ben’s head emptied of everything that wasn’t the weight against his chest, the heat in his lips. It was. It was nice. Hux lavished him with slow, languorous kisses with no other objective but to enjoy Ben’s lips. He tangled his hands in Ben’s hair. Ben wrapped his arms around Hux’s narrow waist. It worked. Ben’s chest heaved with the taste of Hux’s breath-- not because he couldn’t get enough of his own. His stomach lurched with the feel of Hux’s teeth dragging across his lips-- not with the effort of trying to force down the screaming thoughts of a dozen other people. Ben sighed contentedly and let his head fall back against the headrest, wondered how he could possibly feel so comfortable with a man he’d known for such a short time. Hux moved to his neck. Wrapped his lips around Ben’s earlobe, and said, “That man at the crime scene. The one who likes cars. Who is he?” Oh. Ben felt his fingers tense on Hux’s waist. “That’s. That’s Poe. He’s my. He was my partner.” “Was?” “Yeah. We. Sorta. I have a new partner now. You met her. Rey.” “And why is that?” Hux prodded, drawing out a little gasp when his teeth closed a little too tightly on the shell of Ben’s ear. “Uh. Well.” The windows in the car were fogging. Ben couldn’t see out anymore. “Hmm?” “We were. Together. For a little over two years,” Ben said finally. “After we. After. He didn’t want to work with me anymore.” “You wanted to work with him?” Ben sighed. The lightest pressure on Hux’s hips caused the other man to sit back, brace himself against the scarlet dashboard and stare at Ben with raised brows. “You really wanna know all this right now?” “I want to know everything about you, Detective.” Ben peered up at him and his eyes were so green and his skin was so pale and his hair was so orange and why did his words make Ben shiver like that? Ben said, “I didn’t want to end things. It was his idea.” “Why?” Ben thought about lying. He thought about it. “I got drunk. And I hit him. He didn’t. He never. Forgave me.” Ben paused and stared at Hux’s chest because it was easier than looking him in the eye. “I don’t. Really blame him. Hit him pretty hard.” Hux was silent. He stared at Ben for a long time and Ben felt his heart sinking into his stomach. “Why’d you hit him?” he said finally. Ben searched his mind and found all the answers he’d never admitted to himself before. He found he didn’t want to lie to Hux. It just seemed wrong. And a little pointless. Something told him Hux would know if he was lying. “I started drinking more. After the Bell case. Poe and I weren’t together then, but we were still partners and. It got better for a little while when we. And then it got worse. And I just. Didn’t want to admit it. Didn’t want to admit how much I needed it.” He chuckled coldly and shook his head. “I still didn’t. I mean.” Ben pushed himself up in the chair. “I went through withdrawls last week, Hux. I was sick for three days.” He fell back against the chair again. “I shouldn’t be telling you this,” he said with a bitter chuckle. “Like. How many red flags are going off in your brain right now.” Hux shrugged. “You watched me kill a man and still let me take you to dinner. That’s more of a red flag than alcoholism.” He smiled coldly then. “Besides, if you ever tried to hit me, I’d break your arm.” Ben gaped at him and tried not to let on how those words affected him; how hot his skin suddenly felt, how sensitive. “I think the important question is. Do you still have feelings for this man?” Ben swallowed hard and the sound was loud in the quiet car. “I.” Feelings. Poe. “I care about him,” Ben said, voice very soft. “But I don’t want to be with him anymore.” Hux shifted then, curled hard fingers around Ben’s chin and yanked his face up so he had to look Hux in the eye. “Are you sure, Benjamin? I intend to see more of you and. You should know. I don’t share well.” “Yes,” Ben said without hesitating. “I’m sure. There’s nothing between us anymore. I want.” He was still gripping his chin and he suddenly found he couldn’t speak. He had to swallow past the lump in his throat. “I want that too.” And it was true. He and Poe had said their goodbyes. And then Ben had called Hux. Ben had called Hux. Hux said, “Good,” and smothered Ben with another kiss and Ben tried to remember what it felt like to want anybody else. He couldn’t. ~~~ Hux brought him back to the scene feeling shivery and relaxed and clear headed and ready to find the second half of that fucking note. When they pulled up, Ben spotted Poe talking to Jessika Pava, BB-8 sprawled on the ground at their feet. Poe gripped Jessika’s arm when he saw the car and then sprinted over, dragging BB with him. The second Ben’s foot hit the sidewalk, Poe said, “Please, God, ask him if I can drive it.” “What? No!” Ben snapped. Jessika glared at him from Poe’s side and Ben ignored her. She’d been giving him the cold shoulder ever since he and Poe had split. “Benny, please.” “You could ask him yourself,” Hux said, stepping out, and peering at Poe over the top of the car. “But he’ll probably say no.” Poe gaped at him. “It’s Hux right? Hux? Listen Hux. You have to let me drive this car. Please. Please let me drive your car. Just once around the block.” Hux lifted his brows and peered at Ben incredulously. Ben chuckled. “He’s a great driver, I’ll give him that.” Hux rolled his eyes. “Oh, very well.” He tossed Poe the keys and Poe whooped like a cheerleader. Ben felt something warm in his heart clench. Hux came to stand beside him and Ben muttered, “Thanks.” Hux shrugged. “I’ve got you. He can take the car for a spin.” “You’ve got me, do you?” Ben asked, voice low. “Don’t I?” “Ew.” Both Ben and Hux looked up sharply and found Jessika glaring at them. Ben scowled again. “What, Poe didn’t give you enough to write about?” Ben asked. “You’ve gotta hang around and bother the rest of us?” “What, it’s not like you’re working,” Jessika said. “Maybe I’ll write about that. ‘In the midst of deadly crime spree, Detective Ben Solo flirts with--’” Jessika paused and looked at Hux. “Who the hell are you?” “I could ask you the same thing.” “Jessica Pava. I write for the Daily News.” Hux hummed in response then turned his head and watched Poe pull away from the curb. He had left BB-8’s leash with Jessika. Hux glanced at them both, crouched, and kissed the air at BB. Jessika rolled her eyes when BB sat up, ears thrust forward and alert, and trotted over. “She must like you,” Ben muttered. “She’s not technically supposed to do that when she’s working.” “Good girl,” Hux muttered, letting BB enthusiastically sniff his hands before he scratched her behind the ears. “You like dogs?” Ben asked in surprise. For some reason that seemed… off. Hux shrugged, dusted his hands off, and stood. “I’m more of a cat person myself, but. She seems sweet.” “Fucking mutt,” Ben muttered. BB growled at him and Jessika laughed. Poe pulled back around a moment later and stumbled out of the car. He handed Hux the keys and then threw his arms around the thinner man’s shoulders. Hux peered at Ben, completely non-plussed, and Poe said, “Thank. Thank you. Thank you.” Hux shook his head and smirked. “A friend of Benjamin’s.” Ben saw Poe mouth, ‘ Benjamin?’ He couldn’t help but chuckle. “Heads up,” Jessika interrupted and they all looked up to realize the crowd of reporters congregating in front of the building had realized Ben Solo was standing behind it. “I’m out. Poe, call me when you get something good.” “See ya, Jess.” As soon as she was out of earshot, Ben muttered, “You didn’t tell her?” “Course not. First real break we get in this case and you think I’d leak it? Jess or not, we need to keep this close.” “Agreed,” Ben said. “Why don’t you show me this window, Ben?” Hux interrupted. Ben blinked. “That’s actually a great idea.” “What? Ben, you can’t--” Poe began, but Ben cut him off. “Expert witness!” He turned back to Hux. “You can’t come inside. I can’t show you the scene.” Hux wrinkled his nose. “I’ve seen enough blood baths to not want to look at one for fun, thanks.” “What--?” Poe said. “He was a sniper,” Ben explained. “In the army. We have a theory about how the General got inside. Come on.” And Hux, Poe, BB, and Ben all trotted across the police line and toward the back of the building. The minute Hux saw the window, he said, “This would be ideal.” “Why?” Ben prodded. Hux motioned to the tree line behind the office. “It’s blocked from view. He could take his time getting the window open, climbing in, and not have to worry about being seen. It’s big enough and low enough to the ground that a fit man would have no trouble getting through. And big enough that he could watch from the tree line until he was sure the office was either unoccupied, or only occupied by one person.” Poe clicked at BB then, and the dog put her nose to the ground. She sniffed along the window sill, along the ground, and paused at Hux’s shoes, whining. Hux smirked, scratched her behind the ears. “Don’t pet her while she’s working,” Poe interrupted. “Come on, girl, pay attention.” He clicked again and BB started sniffing toward the trees, paused, and came back to lay at Hux’s feet. Hux chuckled. Ben shook his head. “She’s not getting anything. You’re distracting her,” he added voice accusatory. “Sorry. I should go anyway. I have a meeting in thirty minutes. Good luck with your scene, Ben.” Before Ben could turn away, Hux leaned forward, kissed the corner of his lips, and Ben felt his whole body begin to burn. “I’ll text you.” And he strolled away across the grounds. Poe was staring at him. “So.” Ben cleared his throat. “Yeah.” “That’s great, Ben. He seems.” “Yeah.” “Alright.” “Good.” Ben swallowed hard, and walked back inside. Behind him, he heard Poe mutter, “Good.” ~~~ Ben was staring at the notebook. They still hadn’t found the second piece of the note. The bodies had been taken away. The CSI techs had cleared the scene enough for BB to come through and Poe was leading her through each office searching for anything out of the ordinary. She paused and whined at the window in the back office, but Ben tried not to look. He and Poe kept avoiding each other’s eyes. “Hey, she’s got something,” Poe said sharply, and every head in the room lifted. BB had caught a scent at the window and she was sniffing determinedly along the ground. She stopped in the middle of the room, and pointed at the spot on the ground the bodies had been arranged around. “Come on, BB,” Poe bluffed, trying to pull her away. But the dog was having none of it. She pointed. She whined. She scratched. Ben said sharply, “Move. Move, everybody move.” And started yanking the rug back. There was a door. A trap door in the floor. Ben’s heart started pounding. A ledger with names. A trap door. He darted forward and yanked it open just as Phasma yelled, “Ben, wait!” A waft of stale air, body odor, and sewage hit Ben in the face. “Fuck, light, gimme a light.” “You can’t rush down there--” Rey shouted. “It’s a ledger. There are people down here.” And Ben was right. When he shone the light into the dark hole, three women stared back at him. Young. Pretty. Emaciated. The smallest one was shielding the other two and they stared back at him with terrible sunken eyes. “Are you--” Fear flashed in their eyes and Ben paused. Switched to his broken French. “Help. We help.” The girls crowded against the back of the wall. It was practically a hole in the ground, Ben noted in disgust, a brick room dug into the dirt under the house. “Safe. Safe now. Police.” One of the women started crying. The small one said, “Detective Solo.” Phasma, Rey, and Poe all appeared behind Ben and peered down after him. “What did you say?” Ben said sharply in English, a horrible chill crawling slowly down his spine. One of the girls jerked at the harshness in his voice. “Detective Ben Solo,” the small one said again, in French. “He said--” Ben shook his head. “Slower please. My French is very bad.” She held out her hand. “Are you Detective Solo?” “Yes,” “He said this is for you.” And she deposited in Ben’s waiting hand a torn scrap of paper, wrinkled and dirty from the girl, bloody from the scene. He stared at it. He could only make out the first three words in French, but. He knew the rest. “What’s it say?” Rey hissed, breaking the intense silence that was interrupted only by the crying women. Ben wet his lips. “‘The evil that men do lives after them. The good is oft interred with their bones.’” Notes: Wooooo thank you all SOOO much for the response to the last chapter! Seriously it means so much to me! I deleted the extra chapter for the sake of neatness and I was SO SAD to see all those pretty comments go. I love you all thank you so much for sticking with me here. <3 Ajax ily and you're comments give me so much confidence like omg Chapter 7 : Seeing Stars Summary: Ben has a realization about The General's calling card. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben stood in the doorway of the break room and watched the three French girls huddle together and eye the coffee Ben had brought them with suspicion. He needed to talk to them-- at least one of them-- before the feds showed up and whisked them away. The other two were practically comatose, now that the officers had managed to get them to the station. But the small one was watching him with sharp eyes. “Can I. Speak. You. We.” Fuck his French was really bad. “Can we speak?” The girl nodded and stood. The other two watched her and looked fucking terrified. Ben felt his heart clench. He brought her into an interrogation room, where it was quiet. “Do you speak English?” “Not well.” Ben sighed. “German? Spanish?” The girl looked up from twisting her hands on the table and said in German, “I can speak German.” Ben nodded. “Good. Me too.” He sat down across from her. “My name is--” “Detective Solo.” “Yes. Can you tell me your name?” “Madeline.” “Madeline. How old are you, Madeline?” “Nineteen.” Ben swallowed. Fucking nineteen. “Can you tell me. How. How you ended up in that basement?” Madeline lifted her eyes from her hands again and when she looked at Ben there was fire in her gaze. “I worked in Berlin as an au pair for two years. I was traveling back to France to visit family when I was taken from the hostel I was staying in. I was only staying there overnight but. They took me.” Ben listened to the whole story silently. Madeline didn’t remember how she got to the states. She’d been drugged. But she remembered other things. Being beaten. Being starved. “We were not to be there for long, I think. We were there for one week before. Before he found them. They told us. They told us we would be sold.” “Did they say. Who?” Madeline shook her head. “They did not speak to us except to give orders. Eat. Wash. Sit. Stand. Or to hit.” Madeline scowled. “But never too hard to scar. We were too pretty to scar, she said.” “She?” “She was in charge. She told the men what to do.” “Madeline, I need to ask you some very important questions, and I need you to be as specific as you can. How did you get that note?” “He gave it to me.” “He who?” “The one who killed them.” “Can you remember anything about him? Anything at all? What he looked like, sounded like, smelled like?” “He shone a light in our eyes so we couldn’t see. And then he said, ‘Close your eyes. If you open them, I will kill you.’ So we did. Because we heard him kill them. We heard them scream. Then he told us to lift our arms. Simone and Amelie were too scared. They shook and cried and he yelled again to hold out our hands. When I did, he put the note in my hand and said, ‘Give this to Detective Ben Solo.’ And that was all. He left.” “And you couldn’t see anything about him? How tall he was, how thick or thin? Anything at all?” Madeline shook her head. “He spoke French very well, with a slight German accent. And he smelled like blood.” Ben felt a chill dart up his spine. Of course The General smelled like blood. “Did you hear anything before he came down stairs? Any movement or, talking maybe?” Madeline nodded and the fire in her eyes flared. “We couldn’t hear voices very well down there, but we heard walking. Three times we heard movement and then a sort of,” she paused. “Scuffle. Like the person was moving very fast all of a sudden. The last time there was also a thud.” The bookshelf, Ben realized. “Then silence.” “How long between each scuffle?” Ben asked eagerly. “Not long. A few minutes at most. Then we heard voices. All three of them talking at once, and then one stopped and the other two started yelling. Then the second stopped, and she only screamed. I think he must have said something to her because she stopped and they talked. He whispered I think. We couldn’t hear him really. And then she yelled again and. And then she stopped again.” Ben could see it. He’d wait till they were all awake. He’d look at them all, tied to those chairs. They’d yell. Shake. Struggle. He’d kill one. Watch the other two realize what he’d done before he moved to the next. And then her. He needed her to fear him. To write the note without argument, to do exactly as he said. And then he’d kill her too. “I am glad they are dead.” Ben realized his eyes had glazed and he was staring off into space. “What?” “I am glad they are dead, Detective Solo. I am glad he killed them. What they did to us. What they were going to do. I am glad he killed them.” Ben’s stomach was roiling when he said, so softly only Madeline could hear, “Me too.” Madeline lifted her chin. “We have officers-- FBI-- coming to help you,” he told her. “And Simone and Amilie. It’s my job to find the man who. The man. But they will help you get home. They’ll keep you safe.” “Thank you. Detective.” Ben stood then, led her back to the break room and said, “Wait here. We’ll have beds and food for you soon.” “Why do you want to find him?” “He killed people, miss. We have to stop him. He has to go to prison.” Madeline’s face twisted as she sank down on the chair she had vacated. But it was a second girl, the blonde, the one Ben thought was called Simone, who said, “Then I hope you never find him.” The other two nodded. Ben stumbled back to his desk, and thought, The evil that men do. ~~~ Rey and Poe were talking. Ben couldn’t hear what they were saying, but he didn't particularly care to. He was staring at two scraps of paper scrawled with red ink in a dead woman’s hand writing. He kept picking up one evidence bag, tilting it for a better look at the blood stained scrap, then putting it down and doing the same to the other. As if he didn’t know exactly what they looked like. “So. Um,” Ben looked up and Rey was staring at him, her cheeks just a little red. He stared back. Poe was behind her, pretending not to listen. “Um. Shakespeare.” “Yeah, Shakespeare,” Ben muttered, looking back down. What did she want? She needed to leave him alone. “Aren’t those two quotes.” Ben looked back up and tried not to sigh in frustration. “Contradicting each other?” Ben shook his head and finally gave voice to the swirl of thoughts that had been spiraling in his head. “No. Not quite. He’s talking about two different things. The first-- ‘There is neither good or bad but thinking makes it so’-- he’s talking about himself. He’s telling us. He’s telling me what he’s doing could be argued as. Just. I guess.” Ben paused and lifted the second scrap. “But this. This is different. He’s not talking about himself, he’s talking about the people he murdered. Calling them evil. And saying. Saying their evil will live on.” Ben shook his head and his hair fell in his eyes. “In those girls.” Rey made a disgusted groan. “Oh my god,” Ben said sharply. “What?” Poe and Rey said at once. “The stars. Fuck, the stars. He’s.” Ben started rifling through the papers on his desk, looking for the massive file Phasma had compiled on all the victims. “He’s what, Ben?” Rey pressed. “He’s ranking them. Telling us how evil they are. How much they deserve to die.” “Fuck,” Poe said, giving up entirely on pretending he wasn’t listening. “Yeah, yeah, look. Hit and run, three stars. The drug dealer, two stars. The kid who stole from her grandma, one star. The rapist, the baby killer, the kiddy diddler, and now the traffickers-- four stars. And. Snoke. Five. Fuck.” “What did Snoke do?” Poe asked. “What’s worse than hurting babies?” Ben shook his head. “I dunno. Sheer magnitude? If half of what he’s implicated in is true, he’s got way more shit here than any of these people.” “We still don’t know that Snoke did anything,” Rey inserted. “You’re taking T he General’s word for it that these people deserve to die! No one deserves to die without a trial and a jury! And we don’t even know for sure that your theories are. Are correct.” She trailed off because both Poe and Ben were staring at her like she’d just said something truly impossible and a little bit gross. “Ok, so anyway,” Ben said, turning back to Poe and ignoring Rey’s outburst completely. “We can. This is good. I can get in his head with this. He’s telling us what he values, what he believes in.” “So, what? What do you see?” “Ok. Well, in his mind, he. He draws distinctions between deaths. It’s not an absolute-- causing death is evil. One star-- she couldn’t have predicted her actions would result in her grandmother’s death. But she. I dunno, didn’t care enough about what happened to her to not steal. Criminal negligence, maybe.” Ben pushed himself up from his desk. “Two stars-- Javez was all about his bottom line. He wasn’t trying to kill people. He just wanted to up his profits and didn’t care what happened to his victims. Sure, he took advantage of junkies, but. The junkies bought the drugs. They weren’t blameless in their own deaths. Three stars-- The hit and run. More negligence, but also. The victim would have lived if the perp had gotten help.” Rey opened her mouth to interject, but Ben wasn’t done yet. “So it was an accident, but he still put his own freedom over someone else’s life. And the rest. Anything involving kids and rape.” Ben scowled and shook his head. “Because there’s no excuse. There’s no. Accident, there’s no way to say they couldn’t have known or intended the consequences of their actions. These people, in his mind, are pure evil.” Ben paused, took a breath. Rey and Poe were watching him with rapt attention. “So what the fuck did Snoke do to piss this guy off?” Ben mused. “Killed for money?” Rey asked with a shrug. When Poe turned and looked at her, she added, “Hypothetically.” Ben shook his head. “So why not four stars? That’s essentially what the traffickers were doing. And we know they probably killed plenty of girls, themselves, but with the added ‘rape/sexual’ aspect that he clearly loathes.” “ That’s interesting,” Rey said. “The rape bit. Most serial killers have some kind of sexual. Aspect to their crimes. But you think this guy is the opposite?” Ben nodded. “Rape and sexual manipulation disgusts him.” “He cuts their shirts off,” Rey pointed out. “Yeah, to get to their shoulders. He leaves the women’s bras intact even though he has to shift the straps to make his mark. There’s nothing sexual in it at all. It’s more. Clinical.” That was the right word. “There’s nothing. Emotional in any of the scenes. He’s not, angry. He’s. Just doing what needs to be done,” Ben said firmly. “What needs to be done?” Rey asked quietly. Poe wasn’t looking at him now. “What he thinks needs to be done,” Ben repeated. He tried to think he’d just misspoken the first time. ~~~ The FBI came and collected the French girls. As they left-- with copies of all the info Ben and Co. had compiled on the travel agency-- Ben heard one of them mutter, “Looks like this guy did us a favor.” He sank into his seat and pushed his hands into eyes. This case was going to drive him insane. “Hey, Benny!” Ben lifted his head and saw Poe tugging his jacket on by the door. “We’re all going to.” He paused, face coloring and said, “Um.” “What?” Ben drawled, exasperated and sure he knew what Poe was about to say. “We’re. Gonna. Grab drinks at The Cantina.” Poe finished hesitantly. “You wanna. You wanna come?” Ben gave an exaggerated scowl. “You think I can handle that, Poe?” Poe shrugged. “I guess you can’t just avoid bars all your life. But you don’t have to come if you don’t want to.” Ben started pushing through some of the papers on his desk. “I should really--” “You did good work today. Leave with us. Come on, you don’t have to stay late.” Ben started to nod hesitantly, and Poe added, “Plus, you should get to know Rey a little. She’s not going anywhere.” “She’s only been here for like. Two weeks tops.” “And she fits right in. She’s good, Ben. Come on. Come hang out.” Ben nodded. “Alright.” And that’s how he found himself squeezed into an oversized booth at a bar with far too much neon lighting in its decor watching Poe and Finn ogle each other and Phasma ogle a seemingly oblivious Rey. Finn threw his arm around Poe. Phasma rolled her eyes and said to Poe, “Didn’t anyone ever tell you not to dip your pen in the company ink?” Poe shrugged. “Least he’s not my partner this time.” Poe turned to look at Ben and added, “Or, you know. A fucking suspect.” “He’s not a suspect!” Ben protested. “He’s. He’s.” Fuck, what even was he? “He’s not a suspect.” Rey shrugged. “He’s got an alibi for Snoke. I reviewed the security tapes myself. I still don’t know what you see in the guy.” Ben gripped his ginger ale with both hands and shrugged his huge shoulders. “He. Gets me.” “ Gets you?” Poe said incredulously. “You’ve known him for like two weeks!” Ben shrugged again, cheeks going red. It felt like a lot longer. “I’ll tell you what he sees in him,” Phasma inserted. “He’s hot.” Poe and Finn both scoffed. Finn said, “I mean. He’s alright.” Ben shifted in his seat and stared at his glass. “Alright, leave him alone,” Poe said. “Look, he’s blushing.” “Fuck you.” “That’s Finn’s job now,” Rey said and everyone who wasn’t Ben looked at her in enthusiastic amazement before breaking out into laughter. She said, “Thank you, thank you,” and mock bowed and Ben thought about hiding in the bathroom until they were all too drunk to notice when he left. Then he thought about getting a little drunk himself. That was when he texted Hux. Thanks for your help today. The response was almost immediate. Which part? Ben smirked at his phone. All of it. I think we had another break through. So thanks. What kind of break through? Ben paused and stared at his phone. Beside him, Phasma was flirting openly with Rey, much to Poe and Finn’s amusement. Rey, for her part, was holding her own, responding with big laughs and pretty smiles that told no one present if she was actually flirting back or just being nice. Just boring technical stuff, Ben replied finally. But important. He sent the text, waited approximately thirty seconds and then typed, Are you busy? Frustratingly so. I had no idea how much work Snoke actually did on his own. I was under the impression he simply delegated it all to his assistant or me. I’ll probably be here all night. Ben stared at the phone and before he could reply, Hux texted him, Why? Did you have something in mind? Not really. My team talked me into going out to a bar. Bars are not nearly as fun when you’re not trying to get shit faced. Should you be at a bar? Ben bristled. I’m fine. Bit of a masochist, are we? Ben laughed out loud at his phone and felt heat flare in his cheeks. Hux sent another text before he could type back. You know, I like that in a man. Ben hunched further over in the booth and felt a sudden current of heat swirl in his stomach. Freak. You have no idea. “Ben!” Ben jerked his head up and peered around. All four of them were staring at him expectantly. Rey chuckled and said, “What are you doing over there?” Ben cleared his throat and mumbled, “Nothing, I was just--” But then Phasma plucked his phone from his hands and he spluttered, “Hey! Fuck, Phas, give that back!” They were all chuckling. Phasma was gleefully flipping through his text messages and he saw her face change from generally amused to downright evil. “Phas. Give me my fucking phone back.” “Wait, you haven’t responded to this text yet.” “Phas.” “Here, I got it for you.” “Phasma!” “‘Why. Don’t. You. Tell. Me?’” she intoned as she typed. Rey was snickering behind her hand. Poe and Finn were both staring at Phasma and Poe said, “What, was he texting what’s-his-name?” “Hux,” Ben said furiously. “Now, give me my fucking phone back!” The phone vibrated and Phasma’s grin widened. How long had Ben been texting? Her cheeks were red and she had three empty shot glasses sitting in front of her. “He says, ‘I wouldn’t want to scare you off, Benjamin,’” she drawled. “Why the fuck does he call you Benjamin?” Poe demanded. “No one calls you that.” “I know. Just. Would you fucking stop it already?” But Phasma was typing again. “You. Can’t. Scare. Me. Tell me.” “Poe!” Ben pleaded finally, throwing out his arm. “Come on!” Poe rolled his eyes, snapped, “Alright, enough,” and plucked the phone from Phasma’s hands before she could stop him. Ben glared at her and crossed his arms over his chest, tucking his phone under his elbow when he did. It vibrated. “Fuck you, alright? Fuck you, Phasma.” “Oh, lighten up!” Phasma proclaimed. “I was trying to get you laid. Like for real this time.” “‘For real this time?’” Finn asked, lifting his head from Poe’s shoulder. “What’s that mean?” Ben glared at her. “I truly hate you.” “I’m with Finn!” Poe proclaimed. “What does that mean?” “It doesn’t mean anything, alright? Drop it.” “I’m getting another drink!” Phasma announced and Poe and Finn both scooted out of the booth so she could walk to the bar. Finn stretched, kissed Poe on the cheek, and then said, “Wanna go dance?” Poe grinned. “I’d love to.” Ben turned and looked at Rey. She grinned back. “You know Phasma’s flirting with you, right?” he demanded, intent on fucking up Phasma’s entire life. Rey chuckled. “I know.” Ben looked into his ginger ale. Aside from the car rides, this was the only time he’d ever been alone with Rey. “So. You. Um. How do you like. It.” “Like what?” “Being a detective. This is your first case right? As a detective?” “Oh! Yeah! Yeah, it is. I. It’s good. It’s different then I thought it would be. You all play things. A little looser, you know?” “That’s just me,” Ben smirked. “Sorry if it fucks with you. I sorta cut corners,” he added sheepishly. “I can get away with it cause I’m effective, but you shouldn’t.” There. Luke would be proud. “You shouldn’t either,” Rey said gently. Ben shrugged. “So what made you. Wanna be a cop?” “My grandfather,” Rey said carefully. Ben looked away. “He was murdered before I was born. I never got to meet him.” Ben coughed and said, “Really?” Rey nodded. “Yeah. He was a detective too. He worked in this department. Ben Kenobi?” Ben shifted in his seat. “Yeah. I. I know who he is.” There was a plaque for him mounted in the lobby. And also Ben was sort of named after him. Rey didn’t know this? “You know. You know my Uncle and my parents knew him, right?” Ben asked hesitantly. “He trained my Uncle when he was new to the force. I’m. I’m named after him.” Rey’s eyes went wide. “No. No, I didn’t. Realize. Really?” Ben nodded. “You don’t know much about him?” Rey shook her head. “My mom didn’t like to talk about him. Everything I know I’ve looked up.” “Talk to Luke,” Ben said firmly. “He can tell you all about Ben Kenobi.” All about what a great cop he was. How much he meant to Luke. How he was murdered. “Thanks,” Rey said, giving Ben a wide, pretty smile. She really was quite pretty. Young too. Ben gripped his glass too tightly. She’d stop smiling like that after she’d seen enough crime scenes. The General scenes were easy. Because they were painless. Neat, aside from all the blood. And because the victims weren’t really victims at all. But what would happen when Rey encountered the Anthony Bells of the world? Ben lifted his eyes from the table when Poe, sweaty and happy and laughing, fell back into the booth. “Where you going!” Finn demanded, motioning to him to come back. Poe laughed, said, “I gotta breath,” and he waved him off. Finn turned to Rey, mimed the nerdiest fishhook move Ben had ever seen and pretended to reel her in. Rey laughed and said, “Here, let me out.” So Ben did. “Happy?” Ben asked. Poe shrugged. “Yeah.” He put his glass to his lips. Ben looked around so he wouldn’t have to watch Poe drink and found Phasma dancing with a very pretty woman with dark skin and darker eyes. “Hey, you alright?” “Fine,” Ben shrugged. “Cause you can go if you need to, Ben, you don’t have to stay here to impress us.” “I’m fine, Poe.” “Alright, alright. I’m just saying.” He paused, drank his drink again, and then said, “So this Hux guy.” Ben realized with a shot of warmth that he had an unopened text from Hux. It took every ounce of willpower he had not to check his phone. “Yeah?” “You really like him?” Ben paused. Watched Poe watching Finn and Rey dance. “Should we. Be.” “Come on, Benny, you can talk to me. I got Finn. You got Hux. I told you. We’re still friends.” Ben actually sighed and it was pure relief trickling down his spine. No one understood him like Poe. When he thought of his friends, Poe was at the top of the list. He didn’t know what he’d have if he didn’t have that at least. “Yeah, I like him. Like him a lot.” “When are you seeing him again?” “I dunno. Soon, I hope. I mean, I know I just saw him today, but.” “So, have you two…” Poe trailed off and lifted his brows suggestively. Ben blushed heavily and Poe laughed, but before he could say anything, Ben said, “Not. Not exactly.” “Fuck does that mean ?” Ben cleared his throat. “Well.” And then he told Poe everything. “Holy fuck.” “Yeah, I know. But Poe. It was. It was good. Like really good, like I can’t stop fucking thinking about him good, like I might--” “Yeah, Jesus, I get it, Ben, fuck.” “Sorry. I just feel all. Fucked up. Like I shouldn’t be this concerned with a guy I just met, right? Like that’s crazy. I’m crazy right?” “Fuck that. I say, you like him, do what you want. Who gives a fuck how you’re supposed to feel. I mean, you are crazy, don’t get me wrong. You’re fucking batshit. But it sounds like he’s into batshit, so go be batshit together.” “Phasma told me we’d be bad together,” Ben said with a scowl. Poe shrugged. “The worst that can happen is one or both of you ends up with a broken heart.” Ben blinked. He’d never thought of it like that before. “Worth the risk, I say.” “You. You think?” “Fuck yeah, I do.” Poe grinned. “You think I would have ended up with you if I’d listened to Phasma?” Something cold slithered in Ben’s stomach and he said, “I guess you should have listened to her then.” “Fuck that. Being with you and figuring out we’re not good together is way better than wondering if we would have worked.” Ben felt his chest clench and when he looked up, Poe was watching him with his big brown eyes and his lips quirked in a smile. “I wouldn’t take any of it back, Benny.” “Thanks. Thanks, Poe.” “No problem. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I got a boyfriend who needs dancing with. You gonna be alright?” Ben nodded. “I think I’m gonna go. Tell everyone I said ‘bye.’” “Will do.” Ben didn't check his phone until he got outside. What he saw sent his heart plummeting into his stomach. I particularly enjoyed the fantasy you relayed to me. I must admit I’ve spent the past three days picturing you in those handcuffs. Would you prefer them tight or loose? Ben wet his lips. Stared at the phone for a long time before he remembered he was supposed to be hailing a cab. When he was safely in the back of a taxi, he sent back, Tight. The response was not nearly as speedy as they had been. He was almost home, mind a vicious swirl of uncertainty, when the phone vibrated in his hand again. Oh, hello. I thought I’d lost you. Phasma stole my phone earlier. The last two texts were from her. And then, Not the last one. That was me. The two before that. Anyway, I put my phone away. Sorry. Ben stared at the last text he had typed, and after the briefest of hesitation, he added, Are you still working? Yes. Are you still at the bar? No. Just got home. Are you alone? Fuck. Again, Ben thought, the man had no chill. Yes. Wonderful. Tell me about the handcuffs. You’d like to use your own? Yes. He sent the text and then, because of the obscene anxiety roiling in his gut, added, How fucked up is that? A cop who wants to be handcuffed. I think that’s entirely dependent upon the one doing the handcuffing. Ben chuckled, heat high in his cheeks, as he read that, and he watched the second text appear. Who’s doing the handcuffing, Benjamin? Fuck, Ben could hear his voice in his head like they’d done this so many times before. It’d be soft and low and slinky. Hux didn’t have a particularly low voice like Ben did, but it still felt low when he talked like that, like Ben could feel it all the way down to his bones. He texted back, You are. Would you like it if I told you what I’d do to you? Ben was wandering around his apartment, getting ready for bed (at a reasonable hour for once)-- brushing his teeth and his hair and fucking washing his face and all the other shit he should be doing every night but was usually too drunk or tired to worry about when he got that text. He drew up short staring at the phone with a brush halfway through his hair. He looked at the phone, then up at the mirror, very slowly finished the pass with the brush. His face was flushed, eyes wide and open, and a brilliant scarlet was crawling up his chest, making all his freckles and moles stand out like planets in a starry sky. To buy himself some time, he texted back, What, are you bored? The response was immediate. I am in need of a temporary diversion, yes. His breath was getting shallow. From a goddamn text message. What the fuck. Answer the question, Benjamin. Ye His finger slipped. He sent the text too fast. Yes. He’d made it back to his bedroom, was sitting on the edge of his bed in his black boxer briefs with his heart beating too fast and a stupid, half embarrassed grin on his face, thumbing open his phone every ten seconds even though he knew he didn’t have a new text yet. When it buzzed in his hand, his heart fucking leapt. I like your apartment. It’s inviting. Let’s start there. Yes? Yes. I would kiss you in your living room. Softly. Gently. And then, I think that would frustrate you. Would it? Yes, Ben texted back because it was true. But he also felt a flare of annoyance, of. Fuck. Frustration. Oh. I would make you tell me what you want. Beg me, even. Ben stared at the phone for far too long and then, when his heart rate had reached a truly alarming crescendo, the phone vibrated again. Well? Go on. Fuck. Bastard. Ben huffed out a breath and had to think before he typed, We’re still just kissing? Yes. I’d want you to bit eme. And unbutton my shirt. Like you did the other night. The phone was silent. Silent for far too fucking long in Ben’s opinion. He kept rereading his last text, feeling heat crawl up his ears, feeling embarrassment at his typo roiling in his gut because of course he’d been too damn eager to text back. One single word made his world flare with heat, made his breath leech from his lungs and his half hard cock pulse like it was angry Ben had temporarily forgotten about it. Benjamin. Fuck. Fuck. Please. He bit his own lip, stared down at the word he’d typed, and knew to the very core of his being that that’s what Hux wanted. Before he send it, he added, I’d put my lips against your ear and whisper, ‘Please, Hux. Please bite me. Please unbutton my shirt so I can feel your hands on my skin.’ He sent the text before he could talk himself out of it. This-- like everything with Hux-- was new territory. Ben hadn’t been with anyone short of Poe long enough to merit sexting. And aside from a few racy photos he and Poe had shared, the two of them had never felt the need. They had always been together-- no need to tempt each other with explicit texts. Of course, he hadn’t actually been with Hux-- could he even say they were together at this point? What the fuck was he doing? I like that. I like hearing you say my name. I’d reward you by complying. But I’d still move quite slowly, button by button, and lingering over each new inch of exposed skin with my tongue and my teeth. I could leave marks if you like. Pretty little bruises for you to remember me by. Yes. Fuck, did he know how to say anything else? I mean, I like that. Although I don’t think I’d have trouble remembering, Hux. My memory is spectacular. Ben shook his head at his own text. My memory is spectacular. What a line. Really. That had to be the sexiest thing he’d ever typed. Then I shall have to ensure this encounter is particularly noteworthy. Since you will remember it so well. Ben laughed, his stomach giving a pleasurable little squirm. Even in text Hux was charming. I imagine you’d be sufficiently motivated at this point so I’d suggest we move to your bedroom. Would you agree? I’d agree. And what would you do once we got there, Benjamin? I’d like to know. Ben stared at the phone. His skin felt to hot. His stomach was in knots and they were tightening with every passing text. What would Ben do… He’d kiss Hux. He’d kiss him and touch him and bite him and scratch him until the other man was trembling, or Ben was. But beyond that? Somehow Ben didn’t think Hux would appreciate ‘ I’d make sweet, tender love to you that’s not particularly gentle, nor particularly rough and we both come at the same time because it’s a fantasy so why the fuck not.’ No, if Ben was any judge, Hux wanted details. And as much as Ben enjoyed reading Hux’s (and he really did enjoy them. His cock was getting harder and harder to ignore, although he wasn’t totally sure why he was ignoring it.) the idea of typing out his own frame by frame made all the twisty knots in his stomach pulse and tighten and he realized with a shameful rush of heat that he couldn’t do this. He stared down at his phone, his mind a truly frustrating blank, and considered pretending his phone had died. Of course, Hux knew he was home so that wasn’t exactly an excuse. But what we he supposed to say? Sorry, sexting is too much for me, but please come tell me how to jerk off again that was super fun. Because that fucking made sense. The phone rang. Ben stared at it in dawning horror and realized it had been fifteen minutes since his last text and the others had been thirty seconds apart, tops. He put the phone to his ear. “H-hello?” “Benjamin.” Hux’s voice sent a vicious little thrill through him that almost worked to chase the shame away. Maybe he could do this if they were actually talking. “You stopped texting me.” “I. I. Yeah. Yeah, sorry about that.” “You sound strange. Is everything alright?” “Fine. Fine. I’m fine. Only.” “Only what?” “Only. Alright, this is gonna sound really dumb, but. I don’t think I’m really. Comfortable with this whole. Sexting. Thing. Like. I dunno, it feels. Wierd. Typing shit out.” And then, because he felt like an idiot, but also a very turned on idiot, he added, “I’d much rather tell you in person.” And then, because he was actually an idiot, he added. “Is. Is that. Alright?” “Of course.” Ben felt some of the tension in his shoulders trickle away. “I wouldn’t want you to do something you’re uncomfortable with just to appease me, Ben,” Hux said gently. Ben would have thought him incapable of saying anything ‘gently’ but there it was. Before he could reply, he heard the phone move, and Hux said quite sternly, “Be quiet.” “Are you not alone?” Ben demanded, suddenly more scandalized than he had been for the entire text exchange. That Hux could send him texts like that-- even the relatively tame ones they had just exchanged-- with people in the room-- what the fuck? “My cat wants her supper,” Hux said quickly. Ben didn’t recall hearing a meow, but before he could think on it further, Hux said, “Anyway, I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable.” “No!” Ben said quickly. “No, that’s not it. In fact, I really.” Ben paused. It was easier when he could hear Hux’s voice. Easier taking on the phone. “I really liked reading yours. I’m.” He paused again, and then said in a rush, “I’m so fucking turned on right now.” He tried not to hold the phone away from his ears and squeeze his eyes shut until Hux replied. Instead, on the other end, he heard a breath of air, and a chuckle. “Is that so?” “Yeah. Yeah. It is. I was just sorta. I dunno, I think I’d just rather hear you say it.” Hux laughed again, a low smooth sound, ad he said, “Alright. Give me a minute to finish up and I’ll call you right back. I’m just about to head home.” “Alright,” Ben said cheerfully. It wasn’t until he’d hung up the phone that he realized Hux had said he was about to head home. So then where was his cat? Ben felt something shift in his head, something cold and dark. Hux had lied to him. Either about where he was or who he was with. Why would he do that? Ben could fucking find out. He had access to background checks, security footage, a fucking army of PIs who owed him favors. It was a really fucking bad idea to lie to Ben Solo. Hux probably wouldn’t have even tried it if he’d been with Ben-- Ben would have known in an instant. And Hux had never lied to him before. Had he? His phone rang. “Where are you?” he demanded before Hux could get a word in. “Excuse me?” “You said you were shushing your cat but then you said you weren’t home. Where are you?” Hux paused and the sound of it, the silence coming over the line made Ben’s chest clench. “You are overreacting, Ben.” “Don’t tell me I’m overreacting. You just lied to me. Why did you lie? We’re not together so you have every right to be with other people--” “Ben. I’m not seeing other people.” “You’re not?” “No. I have no interest in a romantic relationship with anyone but you.” “Oh.” Ben blinked at his wall. “Oh.” He swallowed hard. “Then why the fuck--” “I didn’t lie,” Hux said finally. When he spoke again, his voice came out rushed, a little too warm. “I have one of those pet cameras. The ones that let you talk to your pets? I work long hours and Millicent. Likes to. Hear. Me.” He trailed off because Ben was laughing, swimming on a wave of pure relief. “Oh my god,” he panted. “You have a. You have a.” “Yes, yes, laugh at my expense,” Hux snapped. “She’s a very spoiled cat. If I neglect her she pulls her fur out, alright?” “That’s the cutest fucking thing I’ve ever heard.” “I’m glad you’re amused.” Ben fell back against his pillows and grinned at his ceiling. “I’m very amused. You’re a lot of things, but I never thought ‘cute’ would be one of them.” “Oh, really? What kinda things?” “Aside from terrifying?” Ben teased. Hux laughed. “Incredibly sexy,” he said, by way of apology. Maybe if he flattered Hux enough the other man wouldn’t realize how utterly insane Ben had sounded, demanding to know where he was, who he was with. Yeah. Smooth move, Ben. “Charming,” he added. “Now you’re just trying to flatter me,” Hux told him. Ben flushed, because of course that was exactly what he’d been doing. “It’s alright. I like it.” Hux paused and then said, very deliberately, “I like you, Ben. Very much.” “I--” Ben swallowed past the knot in his throat. “I like you too.” “I feel as if I’ve known you for quite a long time.” Ben laughed into the phone because how else could he respond to that. “So do I. That’s exactly how I feel. It’s kinda weird, to be honest.” “I don’t think it’s weird. I like that you're infatuated with me.” “Infatu--” Ben half gasped. Because who the fuck had said anything about infatuated? But then he felt his fist squeeze around the phone. “Infatuated.” Fuck, he was. Ever since their date (was it really only a few days ago?) he hadn’t been able to stop thinking about Hux. The only time his brain had been clear of a certain enigmatic redhead was when he was swimming in blood at the newest General scene. He rolled over in his bed, heat settling in his gut. If he was going to be a besotted fool it was a good thing he’d found someone who liked besotted fools. “Tell me what you would do if you were here right now,” Ben asked plaintively, giving up entirely on the pretext of pretending Hux didn’t shrink Ben’s entire world to the wrinkle at the corner of his lip when he smirked or the way the light reflected off his orange hair every time Ben thought about him. Hux laughed and the sound was almost pleasantly cruel. “No, I don’t think I will. Consider this retribution for your accusations. Good night, Ben.” And he disconnected the call. Ben stared at his own phone incredulously, a half amused, half frustrated laugh at his lips. So he was left to fend for himself so to speak. That wouldn’t have been such a bad thing, except, Ben soon discovered, that without Hux there to whisper in his ear, his frustratingly spirited efforts were completely fruitless. Ben fell asleep an hour later with a very confused, half hard cock, and dreamed of blood and ginger hair. Notes: In which El attempts to write a sexting scene and chickens out? Srsly you guys I got so embarrassed half each through that scene and had to change it. Lol what's that about though? Chapter 8 : Justice Summary: Ben grapples with Justice. Notes: Tbh I don't even know why I do these summaries; they tell you literally nothing. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The blood actually pooled up around Ben’s shoes when he stepped inside. There was so much of it. So much of it, he felt a little nauseated just looking at it. He could actually tell where the carpeted floor was uneven by the way the blood puddled. Rey was standing behind him, one hand covering her mouth. Phasma hadn’t even let Finn in the room. It was quieter than a crime scene usually was. Everyone was moving slowly, hesitantly. Like the blood was dangerous. More than once, Ben saw a crime scene tech pick something up, realize it was sticky with blood when it shouldn’t have been, and set it down immediately, a pained look on their face. Five full grown men. Members of the Guavian Death Gang. Ben even recognized one of them on sight. Five. There was nothing to indicate there had been any struggles. If the rear-naked theory was to be believed, Ben wasn’t sure how the General could have possibly pulled this one off. All five of the men were large and muscle bound. Every scene got more spectacular. Like he was showing off. Clenched in each man’s right hand was a note, written on paper torn from a notebook found at the scene. The first said: ‘For vilest things become themselves in her, that the holy priests bless her when she is riggish.’ The second: ‘Justice always whirls in equal measure.’ The third: ‘I’ll follow thee and make a heaven of hell to die upon the hand I love so well.’ The fourth: ‘Poise the cause in Justice’s equal scales, whose beam stands sure, whose rightful cause prevails.’ And the fifth: ‘Here is my space. Kingdoms are clay: our dungy earth alike feeds beast as man: the nobleness of life is to do thus; when such a mutual pair and such a twain can do't, in which I bind, on pain of punishment, the world to weet we stand up peerless.’ Ben’s hands shook as he read them. His heart pounded. His stomach roiled. He stepped out into the hallway, left bloody footprints behind him, and Finn, Rey, and Phasma all looked at him. “What’s wrong, Ben?” Phasma asked, like all of this wasn’t. So wrong. So incredibly wrong. Rey plucked the evidence bags with the notes from his hands and read each one out loud. Ben put his chin to his chest and tried to breathe evenly. Tried to breathe normally. “‘Riggish?’” Phasma mused. “What’s riggish? Which play is that?” “‘Antony and Cleopatra.’ The first and last are. Are from that. It means.” She cleared her throat. “Uh. Aroused. I guess.” Ben didn’t have to look at them to know they were all gaping. “Ben, I thought you said there wasn’t a. A sexual aspect to these murders?” Rey asked finally. “This. This looks an awful lot--” “No. It’s not about the murders. It’s about.” Me. He couldn’t say it. It was too. Too much. “Ben. It’s about what?” Rey demanded. “It’s a love letter,” Ben said, lifting his head, lips twisting bitterly. “To me.” Stunning silence greeted that declaration. “So what’s the third one?” Finn asked finally, “A threat? Or. Or a request? He wants you to kill him? He wants you to be the one to. To find him?” Rey started down at the letter and shook her head. “This line. It’s ‘A Midsummer Night’s Dream,’ it’s a comedy. This is a double entendre.” “So?” Finn pushed. “I was always terrible with Shakespeare. What’s it mean?” “Death is a euphemism for orgasm,” Ben said stiffly. “‘Die upon the hand I love so well’ is. A dirty line. He’s.” Teasing. The General was teasing him. “The second and fourth are obvious,” Phasma mused. Ben nodded. “He sees himself as Justice incarnate.” “And the last one?” Finn asked finally. “The longest and least obvious?” Ben felt his stomach bubble. “He’s saying.” He stopped talking, his voice catching up with the nausea in his stomach. “He’s saying he and Ben are two of a kind,” Rey said hesitantly, watching Ben carefully as she spoke. “He’s saying the two of them are. Are ‘peerless’ and that these crime scenes are his kingdom. And that there is no greater pursuit than the one they’ve entered into. Together.” She swallowed hard and said, “It really is a love letter.” Ben couldn’t take it anymore. The scent of blood was overwhelming him. Shakespeare was swirling around in his head. He’s always loved Shakespeare, had taken three separate classes when he was in college just to learn, even though his elective requirements had only required one. He’d written his final paper in two of the three on Antony and Cleopatra. Now he wasn’t sure he could ever think of the Bard again without seeing blood. He didn’t realize he’d pushed outside until the wall of sound hit him, the sea of reporters clamouring beyond the police barricade. Ben made straight for them. “Detective Solo! Can you tell us about the crime scene, sir? Can you confirm this is a General murder, sir? How many bodies were found? Detective! Detective!” “Yeah, yeah I’ve got something for you,” Ben snapped. Behind him he heard Phasma yell his name. “Print this. Put this on your newsreels. I want this broadcast on every news channel and radio station and printed in every paper within a hundred mile radius.” Several camera men surged forward. Ben looked directly into the nearest camera and half growled, “‘ As thou urgest justice, be assured thou shalt have justice. More than thou desir'st.'" With that, he whirled on his heel and strolled back behind the police barricade to conclude his examination of the scene. If the General wanted to play, Ben would fucking play. ~~~ And then there was nothing. For four weeks. Nothing. ~~~ Someone was pounding at Ben’s door. It was his fucking day off and someone was pounding at his door. He considered ignoring it. He’d been up late last night, watching some documentary with Hux and combing the crime scenes in his head. He buried his head under his pillow and didn’t move. Hux elbowed him in the ribs. “Someone’s at your door, you idiot. Go answer it.” “I don’t wanna,” Ben complained. “I.” He paused, listening. The knock sounded again. “I don’t want to see him anyway.” “You don’t even know who it is.” “Yeah, I do.” “Who?” Ben groaned and moved to sit on the edge of his bed. “My dad.” Hux leaned up on his elbow and pushed his sleep mussed hair out of his face, eyes instantly clear and sharpening into interest. “Really? How do you know?” Ben pointed at his bedroom door and as if on que, Han yelled, “Kid, open the goddamn door!” Ben sighed and finally stood. Hux started to push the covers back and Ben said, “No, no, stay there. I’ll get rid of him.” Hux stared at him. The soft, gray long sleeved shirt he’d worn to bed had ridden up on his hips and Ben could see his narrow hip bones, white skin stretched over well defined muscle, the soft trail of ginger curls disappearing into his pajama bottoms. Despite Han’s incessant pounding at Ben’s door, he couldn’t resist taking a moment to stare, fierce, brilliant heat kindling in the bottom of his stomach. He felt like a starving man staring at a feast he wasn’t allowed to partake in. It was getting to be fucking unbearable. “Go,” Hux commanded, laughter on his lips. He tugged his shirt down. Ben went. “Kid!” Han shouted exherberently when Ben opened the door and glared at him in silence. He shoved past Ben, only pausing to pat him once on his naked shoulder. “Thought you were dead.” “Maybe I wasn’t home,” Ben said petulantly. “What do you want?” “That any way to greet your old man?” “When you drop in unannounced it is.” Ben crossed his arms and leaned against the door frame. “Why are you here? And don’t feed me any bullshit about missing me, we both know it’s not true.” Han lifted his dark eyes to Ben’s face and Ben saw a flash of something… something that made his chest clench. He looked down so he wouldn’t have to examine it too closely. Han was holding a bottle in his hands. Han saw him looking and held it out. “Brought you something. I know scotch’s your favorite.” Ben felt his mouth go dry as he stared at the bottle. Ben couldn’t even begin to guess how much it cost-- he knew a truly ridiculously expensive bottle of liquor when he saw one. “I.” Han thrust it into his hands. Ben took it. “I shouldn’t take this.” “Why the fuck not?” “Cause I’m not. Drinking. Right now.” “Whatd’ya mean you’re not drinking?” Han demanded incredulously. “I always told you ‘never trust a man who doesn't drink.’” Ben shuttered his expression. “It’s been a helluva year.” “Poe put you up to this? What’s he got you convinced it ain’t healthy or some shit?” Han scoffed and muttered under his breath. “Nags.” “Poe and I broke up like seven months ago,” Ben said loudly. Han blinked at him. “Oh. Oh. I’m sorry, Benny. Why?” “I got drunk and punched him in the face.” Han drew back. Ben set the scotch on his counter and drawled, “So yeah. I’m not drinking.” “Ben. Your mother and I raised you better than that,” Han said suddenly stern. “You--” “Don’t. Don’t do that. I haven’t seen you in a year. Mom and I have talked. Poe and I are cool. Don’t fucking lecture me.” “You and Poe are cool?” “Yeah, we’re cool. We’re both seeing new people. Things are. Are good.” “I’m. I’m glad to hear that, Benny, I really am.” Han thrust his hands into his pockets and stared around the room. Ben crossed his arms over his chest again and waited. And waited. And waited. And then, “Listen, Ben, I need a favor.” “Of course,” Ben drawled. “Don’t act like that! I came to see you, kid! Thought we could get some lunch or something. But you know. While we’re here. Since we’re alone and all--” “You’re not alone,” Hux said cooly from Ben’s bedroom door, choosing that moment to emerge, fully dressed in an incredibly well fitted long sleeved black v-neck and a pair of jeans Ben was sure must have been stitched by fucking elves for the way they hung off his hips. Ben had had a very distinct, very obvious physical reaction the first time he’d seen Hux in jeans-- he’d gotten so used to seeing the other man in suits and slacks there had been something almost obscene about seeing him in casual clothing. The fact that Ben found Hux in jeans nigh obscene was probably a testament to what dating a man for a month and half and still not knowing what his chest looked like was doing to him. He sorta felt like he was losing his mind, but it was a pleasant sort of insanity-- he’d developed a new appreciation for everything he could see. That strip of skin revealed when Hux lifted his arms and his shirt rode up; the translucent white of his wrists; the creamy hollow of his neck; the way his golden-orange eyelashes practically glowed when he closed his eyes and they brushed his freckled cheeks. The stray hints of the tattoos on Hux’s arms-- mostly the ‘Sua Sponte’, although Ben knew he had something else on the outside of his bicep that he was hiding as well-- had become downright erotic. He had rolled up the sleeves of his shirt and the fact it so brazenly showed the black lettering on his forearm right now made Ben feel a little insane; he almost couldn’t believe Hux intended to go out like that. Ben usually only saw this when Hux was staying over and borrowed a T-shirt. His heartbeat sped up and he had to struggle not to suck in a shallow breath. “I--” Han actually jumped. “Fuck, Ben, why didn’t you tell me someone was here?” “Because I wanted to avoid. This,” Ben groaned. Hux smirked and stepped forward with his hand out stretched. “Good morning, Mr. Solo. Armitage Hux.” “Hey, nice to meetcha, kid, nice to meetcha!” Han slapped Hux on the shoulder (Hux had the decency to only look mildly affronted) and then paused, his hand lingering. “Fuck, that’s soft. What is that, cashmere?” he muttered, running his hand over Hux’s shoulder. Hux chuckled in what Han probably thought was amusement but what Ben knew was actually condescension. Ben hissed, “Dad.” Han said, “Oh. Sorry.” And let his hand drop. “It’s a nice shirt.” “Thank you,” Hux replied smoothly. He crossed to Ben and Ben realized he had his leather bag slung over his shoulder. “You’re leaving?” Ben said in obvious disappointment. “I thought I’d let you speak to your father in private. I’ll pick you up at nine for dinner.” It wasn’t a question, but Ben still said, “Yeah. Sure. Sounds great.” “Wear a tie.” Hux added before he smirked by way of farewell and leaned forward to brush a chaste kiss against the corner of Ben’s mouth. He turned his head with his hand on the door and said, “Mr. Solo.” Han whistled when he was gone. “Too cute for you, kid.” “Rich too,” Ben half taunted, half bragged. “Why are you here.” “I got a job for you.” “No,” Ben said voice rising instantly. “Abso-fucking-lutely not. Last time I helped you with a job, I almost lost my badge.” “You did not!” Han protested. “Too damn close!” Ben shouted back. “If Luke had found out he would have had to fire me-- and that’s if he didn’t have to fucking stick me in a cell! I’m not doing it, you can fuck off.” “Hey, language, kid!” “Don’t ‘language’ me, I’m a fucking adult. My badge is not your personal get outta jail free card, Dad! What the fuck is wrong with you?” “You haven’t even heard the job!” “I don’t need to! I’m not doing it!” “It’s real simple, Benny! Easy. It’s a sure thing!” “Dad!” Ben groaned. “That’s what you always say .” “You don’t even have to leave the station!” Ben went quiet. “What do you want?” he asked dangerously. “So I. Uh. I sorta. Owe a guy a favor. I might have maybe lost a shipment of some. Very expensive--” “I don’t want to know.” “Yeah. Well. The Guavians are breathing down my neck and it’d be real easy for you to make it all disappear, Benny boy.” “The Guavians?” Ben said, incredulous. “Why are you fucking with the Guavians? They almost killed you last time. ” “Yeah, well. They were in a tight spot. About a month back, some psychopath took out five of their guys. Higher ups--” “I know,” Ben interrupted. “That’s my case. The General got them.” “Who?” Han scowled. “The General. He’s a vigilante. Kills criminals. You haven’t seen the news?” “I’ve been outta the country til about a week ago. Anyway. They struck up a deal. I get them a USB drive confiscated at the scene, they call us even.” “A USB drive?” Ben asked, brow furrowing. “A red one? Encrypted?” “That’s the one!” Ben shook his head. The Guavian scene had been full of evidence against the smuggling ring. The USB drive was heavily encrypted-- as far as Ben knew it was currently sitting in the bottom of an evidence box, waiting for someone to take the time to break it. But seeing as how it was related specifically to the Guavians’ crimes and not The General’s, Ben had moved it down his list of priorities. “What’s on it?” “They didn’t say. Just said it’d be real bad for them if it got cracked and ended up with the feds.” Ben tilted his head back and stared at Han. Slipping away with the thumb drive would be nothing. No one would notice. No one would care. And since Ben was in charge of the case, he could postpone the realization that it had gone missing by at least a few weeks. With something that small, everyone would assume it had just been misplaced. Lost. “What’s in it for me?” “You’d see your old man a lot more often if I didn’t have to worry about keeping my head down around here,” Han wheedled. “Try again,” Ben dead panned. “Five grand,” Han said. “Half now, half when you put the drive in my hand.” Ben lifted a brow. “Make it eight.” “Eight?” “Eight.” “Why?” “Cause I know you came prepared to go as high as ten, but since I’m not particularly hurting for cash right now I’ll let the two go as a family discount.” Han chuckled. “I taught you well, kid.” “Yeah. I’m not doing this again, Dad. Don’t ask me. Last time.” “Last time, kid, I know.” “Fine. Take some of that two grand and buy me food,” he sighed. “Sure thing.” He changed out of his pajama pants quickly and when he stepped back into the main room, he asked, “Uncle Chewie in town too?” Han shook his head. “He says ‘hi’ though. Wishes he coulda come. He’s handling some other business,” Han said evasively. Ben didn’t press. He didn’t need to know what Han and Chewie got up to. It was better that way-- less illegal. Han chuckled suddenly. “You know he shaved a month ago?” Ben looked up. “You’re kidding.” “Nope. First time I’ve seen his face in, fuck, at least thirty years. It was weird. He didn’t like it. He’s already growing the beard back.” “Good,” Ben said with a shudder. Picturing Uncle Chewie without his truly impressive mane of wiry gray and brown hair and beard was like picturing a shaved cat-- sad and a little disconcerting. “You talked to Mom?” Ben added, playing at being casual as he opened his door and stepped out into the hallway. Han grimaced. “No. Not. Not yet.” “You planning to?” “You think she’d wanna see me?” Ben shrugged. “I dunno. You should probably ask.” “How’s she doing?” Han asked, voice equally casual. Ben saw right through him. “She, uh. She seeing anyone?” “No. Not last time I talked to her.” “When was that?” “A few days ago. Hux took us out to lunch.” “He’s met your mom already?” Han laughed. “You must like this guy. How long you been together?” “Eh, month and a half,” Ben muttered, like he didn’t know the exact number of days it had been since their first date. Since they’d done more than kiss and Ben had done anything more than desperately palm at Hux’s chest through his shirt. “Is it serious?” “Fuck, I dunno, Dad,” Ben said in exasperation. “Can we not? Since when do you give a fuck about my personal life anyway?” Han shrugged. “I dunno, aren’t. Dads supposed to ask this kinda shit?” “No,” Ben said firmly. “Moms are. Dads can stick to fucking sports and the weather and, what the hell, for you, I’ll throw in ‘guess how many laws I broke last week.’” “Fine by me,” Han said brightly. “Keep things simple.” He clapped Ben on the back. “Where you wanna eat?” ~~~ Ben had his bagel half way to his lips when his phone rang. It was Phasma. “What?” “Fuck I do to you? That how you answer your phone?” Phasma demanded. “When you call me on my day off it is,” Ben replied. “Yeah, well, figured you’d wanna hear this. We got a new General scene.” Ben sat up, bagel completely forgotten. “Where? Who? How many?” “Just one,” Phasma said darkly. “It’s. Five-six-four Maple Avenue.” “Maple Avenue?” Ben said in surprise. “You sure that’s the right address?” “Yeah. I’m sure. Ben, the victim is Blake Johnson.” Ben sucked in a breath. Han said, “Don’t tell me you have to go in?” “Blake Johnson?” Ben hissed. “Like the politician Blake Johnson?” “The very same. Ben. His wife and kids were home. He went to bed with his wife. She woke up in the morning and found him. In his office.” “Holy shit.” “They have cameras. They have an alarm system. They have a fucking rottweiler who I swear to God comes up to my elbow. No one heard or saw a damn thing. And.” “And? What? Spit it out, Phas.” “He. Left more messages, Ben. Just get over here, alright?” “I’m on my way.” “Fuck, really?” Han complained. Ben disconnected his call and said, “I need you to drive me to five-six-four Maple Avenue.” “Fuck is your car?” “Parked at Mom’s.” Ben blushed. “I sorta. Almost got a DWI a few months back. Uncle Luke agreed to make the charges disappear if I left my car at Mom’s for a while.” He shrugged. “Course, I can probably get it back now. I’ve been sober for almost two months.” “Sober.” Han scowled. “You don’t need to be sober, kid. You just need to be smart. Drink less and less often. This cold-turkey-one-hundred-percent-dry bullshit is ridiculous.” Ben swallowed hard. He didn’t know why Han’s protests to the contrary bothered him more than Poe and Leia’s assertions that he drank too much. “Dad, I went through withdrawals,” he said finally with a sigh. “I don’t. I dunno. I don’t think I’m an alcoholic but. It was getting bad. They're not wrong.” He pushed out of his seat and shrugged again. “I mean, I hit Poe. Hit him really hard. Almost broke my hand on his face.” “Jesus, Benny.” “Yeah. So. Let’s go.” “Sure. Alright.” Han was staring at him strangely, brow furrowed. Like he didn’t quite know him. Ben supposed he really didn’t. ~~~ “Fuck,” Ben breathed the moment he stepped into the room. The office was stunning. Wood paneling and leather and brass everywhere. And scrawled in blood over the door in neat blocky print was a message: ‘ The lady doth protest too much, methinks.’ Ben felt his skin begin to crawl. “Bastard.” “Ben,” Rey called. Ben turned to look at her and she held out an evidence bag. There was another letter, this one written by Johnson himself. ‘ Though justice be thy plea, consider this: that in the course of justice, none of us should see salvation.’ “Well?” Phasma asked. “I think I get the jist of this, but. Let me hear you say it.” “I’m the lady,” Ben said with a scowl. “He’s. Responding to my message. Saying my protests ring hollow. Why the fuck does he think I agree with him? And then the rest-- he’s calling us the same again. Saying I’m just as guilty.” Phasma shook her head. “Fucking nutcase, Ben. I’m not sure you should be on this case.” “Fuck do you mean?” Ben said loudly. “This is my case--” “He’s baiting you!” Phasma exclaimed. “And if he really does think you and he share some kind of. Of. Fuck, I dunno, destiny or something, maybe the best thing we can do is remove you from the case. Maybe he’ll slip up then, or fuck, stop killing people!” “No,” Ben said sharply. “He controls things, that’s who he is-- you take me off the case, you remove that aspect of control as he sees it, who knows what he’ll do. You think he’s unpredictable now? Test his command of the world.” Phasma glared at him. Ben processed the rest of the crime scene. No one heard anything. No one saw anything. The camera feeds had been erased. ~~~ “Ben. I’m speaking and you’re not paying attention.” “What? Fuck, Hux, sorry,” Ben muttered into his menu. “What’s wrong with you?” “Just. This case. It’s. It’s getting to me,” he admitted. “I thought you said this was the first new scene in a month.” “What, like I got a break?” Ben laughed incredulously. “He’s.” Ben paused. He hadn’t told Hux about the notes. No one outside the department knew about them. “He’s writing me love letters, Hux.” “ What?” “Shakespeare. He’s leaving Shakespeare at the scene. Lines about justice and then. Lines about love.” Hux looked at him with raised brows and Ben felt a little cold. Hux clearly didn’t understand what this was doing to him. “I used to love Shakespeare,” Ben admitted. “When I think of him now, all I see is blood.” Hux tilted his head back and said softly, “He’s ruined Shakespeare for you?” “Pretty fucking much. I mean, fuck, Hux. He quoted ‘Antony and Cleopatra’ at me.” “Something special about that play?” Hux pressed, taking a sip of his wine after he spoke. Ben nodded. “It was my favorite tragedy. My favorite love story.” He leaned forward. “It’s the. It’s an adult story, you know? There’s a reason we teach ‘Romeo and Juliet’ in high school. ‘Antony and Cleopatra’ is different. The lovers are older, imperfect. Their love is imperfect. Not this fairy tale bubblegum bullshit like ‘Romeo and Juliet’. It’s not idealized, exactly, it’s realistic and beautiful and destructive. And. That line. ‘For vilest things become themselves in her, that the holy priests bless her when she is riggish.’ I mean, have you ever heard a sexier line? Cleopatra is so. Incredible even priests bless her when she’s horny.” Ben grinned, lopsided. Heat kindled in Hux’s cheeks. “I like hearing you quote Shakespeare.” “Yeah, well,” Ben muttered. “He quoted that line at me. He took something beautiful and made it bloody.” “I’ve always been partial to the sonnets myself,” Hux told Ben. “Really?” “Yes. How did it start?” Hux paused, then smirked. “ A woman’s face with Nature’s own hand painted hast thou, the master-mistress of my passion; A woman’s gentle heart, but not acquainted with shifting change, as is false women’s fashion; An eye more bright than theirs, less false in rolling, gilding the object whereupon it gazeth; A man in hue, all ‘hues’ in his controlling, which steals men’s eyes and women’s souls amazeth. And for a woman wert thou first created; Till Nature, as she wrought thee, fell a-doting, and by addition me of thee defeated, by adding one thing to my purpose nothing. But since she prick’d thee out for women’s pleasure, mine be thy love and thy love’s use their treasure.” Ben grinned and shook his head to hide the way his heart was racing. “You would.” “What? I like that sonnet.” “You would,” Ben repeated. Hux smirked at him. “Well, it did seem appropriate. You don’t want to be my fair youth?” Ben laughed, some of the tension in his shoulders lifting. “I’m not exactly fair.” “My dark lady then.” Ben put his lips to his fist to laugh. At least the General hadn’t taken all of Shakespeare from him. Or maybe Hux had just given some back. ~~~ When Ben stepped into the station the next morning, everyone was already there. They were all crowded around Mitaka’s desk, watching something on the little TV he kept there. Good. Ben made his way to the evidence room instead. It was nothing to check out the box from the Guavian scene. It was nothing to slip in amongst the shelves and slide the little red USB drive into his sleeve then take the whole thing and slip away, waving cheerfully at the clerk when he passed. Everyone was still watching the TV when he stepped back into the room. He set the box down on his desk, pocketed the USB drive, and took a step forward to see what everyone was looking at. The room was very quiet. He hadn’t noticed before. Phasma was ghostly white, her hand clapped over her mouth. Poe looked green, like he was about to be sick. Rey and Finn both eyed the screen wearily and then the people around them, gauging their reactions, measuring the severity of the situation based upon Phasma and Poe’s faces. What was--? “Mr. Bell’s lawyer had this to say.” Ben felt his heart plummet. He couldn’t see the screen. Fuck, he couldn’t see the screen. “Of course my client feels vindicated!” a slimy, familiar voice was saying. “His original conviction was a grave miscarriage of justice based on a lie. We know that now.” “Mr. Tarkin, can you explain the evidence that resulted in Mr. Bell’s release?” “Certainly. My client was convicted based upon the presence of his DNA at the last crime scene. This DNA came in the form of a great deal of hair follicles-- more than enough for DNA testing which is strange in itself. We had an independent lab test this evidence. And while that lab confirmed that the hair did in fact belong to Mr. Bell, it also confirmed the age of the sample. Hair samples can be used to determine a great deal about a person-- in Mr. Bell’s case, the hair samples present at the crime scene confirmed the very recent use of Marijuana--within the last thirty days-- however, at the time of his arrest, Mr. Bell was undergoing a court mandated program for minor drug offenses and was therefore tested merely two days before his arrest. That urinalysis confirmed Mr. Bell had not used this drug in at least thirty days, meaning the hair samples found at the scene were not recent.” “But if his DNA was there, how does the age of the sample exonerate him?” Jessika. Jessika was there. “At the time of his arrest, the PD had already executed a search warrant of my client’s home, vehicle, and place of employment, giving them plenty of opportunity to collect the samples found at the scene.” “You’re suggesting the police department planted evidence?” Jessika said incredulously. “And how do you explain the murders stopping when Bell was arrested?” “I’m not suggesting the police department planted evidence,” Tarkin drawled. “I’m suggesting an individual did. And I can’t account for the murderer ceasing his operations after my client’s arrest. Perhaps he chose to capitalize on the situation and fled.” “Who are you suggesting--” “At the time of his arrest, my client had filed three complaints of harassment and disorderly conduct against one, Detective. Benjamin. Solo.” “You can’t be--” “Detective Solo was even reprimanded, as some of you should well recall, for breaking my client’s arm in carrying out the warrant for his arrest. My client still holds the utmost regard for the PD but, in his words, ‘They can’t all be good seeds.’ Rest assured we have brought this development to the highest authority and I will not rest until my client has seen justice for what was done to him. Thank you. No more questions.” Phasma muttered, “Turn it off.” Ben didn’t hear her. He hurled his coffee mug at the wall and someone screamed when it shattered. He couldn’t think. He couldn’t breathe. He was falling. He was drowning in blood and fire and smoke and burned hair and flesh and blood and screams and-- “Ben!” All his papers were on the floor. “Ben!” His desk was screaming, screeching across the concrete ground, metal to stone. “Ben!” Someone grabbed him, grabbed his arm, and-- “Don’t fucking touch me--” Ben hurled them away and kept kicking the desk. His foot was making a dent in the metal and that was good. It hurt. That was really good. Fuck, it hurt a lot. Really good. “ Benjamin.” Ben heard the voice but didn’t understand it. He was still trying to kick his desk, was half way to ripping the drawers off the track, when strong hot hands fisted in his shirt front and Ben pushed away, wildly, heart racing and blood pulsing and breath screaming out of him and his back hit the wall and he was still fighting until-- Fuck-- What-- His heels left the ground. Only the tips of his toes still brushed the floor and who the fuck was lifting him-- The someone shook him hard, and his back hit the wall and Hux either yelled or hissed, “ Benjamin.” Ben went very still. Hux looked furious. “Where. Where did you come from?” Ben muttered. Poe stepped forward. Fuck. Poe. Ben had pushed him. “Get your hands off him,” he hissed, low in his throat. Phasma threw her arm in front of him to keep him from getting closer. Ben looked around the room. Everyone was staring at him. Everyone. Rey and Finn looked terrified. His desk was on it's side. His computer monitor was broken and the Guavian’s evidence box was strewn across the floor. Ben couldn’t breathe. Hux set him back down. The second Ben put his weight on his feet, he cursed loudly and fluently. He may have broken his foot. “Come with me,” Hux said softly, hand buried in the fabric at Ben’s shoulder. He started yanking Ben along before Ben could respond. Poe said, “Hey!” Hux only said, “Phasma.” Phasma grabbed Poe by the back of his shirt. Hux tugged Ben out the door. “You child,” he hissed. He was yanking Ben down the stairs instead of toward the elevator. “Why are you here?” Ben managed to gasp. “I brought you coffee, you idiot.” “I can’t breathe.” “You’re talking. You can breathe.” “No, Hux,” Ben yanked out of his hand and put his own back to the wall. “I can’t. I can’t breathe. I’m gonna be sick.” Fuck, fuck, fuck everything was fuck his hands his hands were shaking and he couldn’t get a breath and-- He tucked his chin to his chest, put his hands on his knees but it wasn’t working, it didn’t help and these stairs, the fucking stairwell was too small and too hot and he couldn’t breathe-- Hux buried his fingers in Ben’s collar and slapped him. Ben took a huge shuddering breath, the sound and the sudden heat under his skin making everything in his head go quiet in comparison. Hux was staring at him, eyes hot and angry and-- Ben sucked in another frantic, uncontrolled breath and Hux slapped him again. He felt his heartbeat slow. He felt his shoulders go soft against the cool wall. He felt the cold dark place in his head turn over and peer out through his eyes. He swallowed past the thick, viscous lump in his throat and said, “Do it again.” Hux complied. Ben caught a breath and held it. Hux released him and he sank to the floor, put his head in his hands. “Fuck, Hux. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.” “What is wrong with you?” Hux hissed. “You were throwing a temper tantrum.” “They let him go. They let him go and they know. Fuck they know. Fuck. Shit. Fuck--” “Let who go? What do they know?” “Bell. Bell, they let him go and they know I set him up, they know I planted--” Ben went silent very abruptly. He swallowed hard. Hux said, “What.” “Forget it,” Ben said desperately. His foot was throbbing. His cheeks were hot. “You. Set him up.” “Hux.” “You framed somebody?” “He’s guilty,” Ben hissed. “He killed those girls. I did what had to be done.” “What did you do?” Ben wet his dry mouth. Peered up the stairs and then back down to be sure they were alone. “I. I planted DNA. At the last scene.” “ Ben,” Hux breathed. “You weren’t there, Hux. You didn’t see. Do you know what burned flesh and vomit smells like when it’s mixed together? You know what it looks like when you. When someone.” Ben gagged and felt his heart rate start to rise again. “I had to stop it. I had to make him stop.” He sucked in a breath and didn’t feel it. His voice was too high again when he said, “They're letting him out. Hux, they can’t let him go, I know him, he’ll do it again, he’ll do it better, we’ll never catch him again, he’ll just keep doing this, over and over and over and over and--” he couldn’t breathe. Hux yanked him up by the shirt front again and started leading him down the stairs. “I’m taking you home.” “No!” Ben said sharply, trying to tug away. “I can’t go home, I have to, I have to, I have to look at the scenes, I have to find some way to stop him, I have to see--” Ben gagged again. “No. Come on.” “Hux,” Ben pleaded. And he didn’t know what he was pleading for. The dark place in his head wasn’t quiet anymore, it was screaming at him and he couldn’t hear anything. Hux grabbed Ben by the chin and kissed him, rough and commanding and Ben stopped feeling like something was trying to claw its way through his ribcage. Hux pulled away. Ben took a shaky, quiet breath, and Hux said, “We’re going.” Ben couldn’t argue. He didn’t want to. Notes: You guys. I've been engaged for a month and a half and my ring came in last night FINALLY and my FIANCÉE surprised me with it and basically I'm still too giddy to focus on anything so here's more Ben fucking up his own life. Whatever I have to balance my happiness with fictional people's pain. <3 Chapter 9 : Consequences Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Ben climbed into Hux’s car and immediately put his head between his knees. His phone vibrated in his pocket. He was panicking. He needed to calm down. Calm down. Easier said than done. His stomach was in knots. His chest hurt. He couldn’t get enough air. He fisted his hands in his hair and tugged, pulled some of the screaming out of his own head. Hux threw the car into drive and Ben felt his whole body jolt backward as he jerked out into traffic. “Fucking temper tantrum,” Hux was muttering, furious, and fuck , he sounded really, really angry. “Like a goddamn child, you foolish, foolish man.” “Fuck you,” Ben hissed. Because his brain wasn’t working and he was angry too, fucking livid and they had let him out. “Control yourself,” Hux breathed back at him. Easy for Hux to say. He didn’t know. He couldn’t possibly understand. What had been done to those women. The way Bell had taunted Ben about it. Every time Ben had questioned him, every time he’d executed a warrant, and that monster had just smirked at him. Had just. His eyes had just sparkled. Hux’s car stopped with a squealing of tires and all Ben wanted was to curl up on his bed with the blankets over his head. Preferably with a bottle. Han had left him a bottle. A very expensive bottle. “Come on,” Hux demanded, and Ben climbed out of the car and was almost surprised when his legs still worked. “Do you have medication?” “What?” Ben managed to gasp. What the fuck-- “For anxiety attacks, Ben,” Hux said as if he was very dim. The elevator doors in Ben’s building finally dinged open. “You’re having an anxiety attack. Do you have medication.” Ben ground his teeth so hard they squealed and he said, “I have pot and--” He cut himself off. Hux would never leave if he knew Ben was just going to crack open the bottle of scotch the second the door closed behind him. “ Pot, Ben, really?” Hux demanded. “You’re a cop.” “So I don’t have to worry about catching a possession charge,” Ben countered. Hux tsked, the elevator opened, and Ben fumbled with his keys. Dropped them. Cursed. Hux picked them up and Ben sagged against the doorframe with his knuckles pressed to his eyes. Things felt better in his apartment. Safer. Less exposed. “Thanks for the ride,” Ben muttered, and started to motion for Hux to leave, but Hux only chuckled at him coldly and grabbed his shirt so fiercely it tore. Ben sucked in a breath and felt the room narrow, felt the walls close in, felt his chest tighten and Hux kissed him. If it could even be called a kiss. He smashed their lips together so fiercely their teeth clacked. He bit Ben’s tongue. Ben moaned into his lips without meaning to, scotch and pot forgotten, hands falling automatically to Hux’s slim waist. Hux tore his shirt open, popped all his buttons and raked his nails across Ben’s stomach and Ben hissed because it hurt, because it wasn’t supposed to be gentle. That was good. This was-- Good. His hands were still shaking and his chest still felt hot and sticky and tight but it wasn’t fear arching through him. Hux said, “Do you want me to help you.” “Yes,” Ben said without thinking. If Hux could make it stop-- “I need you to choose a word.” “What?” “You know what a safeword is, Ben. Pick one.” Ben swallowed hard. That felt strange. “I don’t. Think. ” “If you want this, you do. Particularly since we have not discussed your boundaries and desires. I need to be sure I’m not going to. Push you in a way that makes you. Uncomfortable. With me. With our relationship. With. Pick a word. ” Ben ran his tongue along his lips, heart skipping in his chest. “Ten Thirty Three.” Hux furrowed his brows. “What? Those are numbers, that’s--” “Police radio code,” Ben interrupted. “Ten Thirty Three. It means ‘Emergency.’ ‘Need assistance.’” Hux smirked at him. Said, “Alright.” Then, Hux said, “Go to the bedroom,” and pushed Ben so hard he almost tripped over his own feet. His stomach fluttered and he went, his torn shirt hanging from his chest, tie still too tight around his collar. Hux followed him and he was. Devastating. Ben hadn’t seen heat like that in his eyes since that first night. He hadn’t looked at Ben like that since-- Ben sucked in a lungful of air and remembered Hux’s hand across his cheek, hot and commanding, how, in the instant after he had struck Ben, Ben’s head had rung with pure, blissful silence. “Hux.” “Take off your shoes.” “Hux--” “ Shoes, Ben.” Ben stepped out of his shoes and lifted his head to look at Hux. Waiting. What was he waiting for? “Pants.” “What?” Ben asked dumbly because Hux had seen him but he’d never asked Ben to disrobe before, not like this. Hux’s eyes flared and he said, “Take. Them. Off.” Ben swallowed hard and slid out of his slacks. Kicked off his socks for good measure. Hux came forward, tsking in impatience and started untying Ben’s tie. Ben stood very still. It was hard to think of anything else when Hux was looking at him like that. And he was afraid to think too hard about what was happening, about what they’d just discussed, afraid to consider that Hux might actually want to-- that he might finally let Ben-- He hung Ben’s black tie over the end of the bed and Ben watched the silk drape, stared at it like it was going to flutter away on its own if he didn’t watch it hard enough and for the life of him he couldn’t understand why that tie looked so… threatening. Why it looked like a promise. Hux hissed, “Look at me,” and Ben’s eyes snapped up, wide and uncomprehending and Hux started pushing his ruined shirt from his shoulders. The shirt came away in his hands and he folded it strangely, then drapped it beside the tie. Then he started taking off his own tie. Ben watched his pale fingers tugging at the red silk, so much finer than his own, and felt the world balanced in the curls of the knot. Hux was-- “Your boxers.” Ben thrust them away from him at the same time that he half sighed, half gasped, “ Hux,” on a frantic explosion of air because Hux was. Hux was-- He started to come forward as Hux snapped the silk from his own throat, but then Hux barked, “No,” and Ben drew up short, skin hot and flushed and too tight and he suddenly felt very exposed because Hux had draped his tie-- deliberately-- beside Ben’s and had started to unbutton his sleeves. He wasn’t going to remove his shirt. Ben wasn’t going to get to see-- then what-- “Put your cheek on the mattress.” Ben stared at him. That would put him in a very. Vulnerable position. Did Hux want to fuck him with all his clothes on? Ben hadn’t agreed to that. He turned the idea over in his mind and decided he wasn’t totally against it, but he had his preferences and they did not include never getting to see Hux naked. “Hux, what are you planning?” Ben demanded. “I’m not--” “If you’re going to throw a tantrum like a child,” Hux said very deliberately. “Then you will be punished like a child.” Ben felt the air leave his lungs like he’d been punched, felt too much heat race from his gut to his chest to his fingertips and toes and every thought that wasn’t Hux drained from his head in one liquid surge and Hux said, “Bend over.” Ben did as he was told. His own breath was loud in his ears, to loud, and he was consumed with the way Hux stepped forward, moved behind him so Ben couldn’t see him anymore, even though he strained to turn his head all the way around to follow him. Hux laid his hot hand on the small of Ben’s back and Ben’s breath hitched, left silence behind without his panting to fill the air. He felt like he was poised at the top of a rollercoaster, about to plummet down the track. Hux slid his hand to Ben’s thigh and hummed in satisfaction. “I like this,” he said, running his fingertips over the katana Ben had tattooed there. Ben almost didn’t hear him. His head was buzzing, a white wave on anticipation rolling through his chest and the longer Hux just stood there, brushing his fingertips over Ben’s leg, the worse it got. The tighter he held himself. The louder the screaming in his head became. All at once, Hux’s fingers left his thigh, slid to his hip bone in one smooth motion, and he curled hard fingers at Ben’s waist. Holding him in place. Ben jumped at the sudden severity in the movement and then Hux brought his other hand down on Ben’s ass. Ben felt all his muscles tense at the heat that flared across his skin and then release just as quickly. He exhaled, let go of the breath he’d been holding. The footboard was digging into his hips. His dick was pressing uncomfortably, frustratingly into the knobbly wood. His skin was too hot. He waited, certain that that couldn’t be all Hux intended, but the second hit didn’t come. Hux traced his fingers over the raised marks he had left with his hand and Ben shuddered against his will, felt his whole body suddenly tremble at such gentleness when he had expected violence. Hux said, “ Count.” Ben sucked in a breath and said, “ What--” But then Hux hit him again, hard, much harder than before, and Ben’s fingers curled in his sheets, a gasp of surprise jolting from his lips. He turned his face into the mattress, cheeks burning with a sudden flare of shame that robbed him of thought. Robbed him thought. He mumbled into the sheets, “One.” “No,” Hux replied, voice viciously amused. “ In French.” Bastard. The thought surged in Ben’s head and he almost stood up because he had told Hux he hated French, had told him how bad his French was. Hux said, “Benjamin.” Ben swallowed past the furious lump in his throat and said, “ Un.” Hux hummed in satisfaction, said, “Good boy,” and before those words could sink into the rising fog in Ben’s head, he brought his hand down again. And waited. Ben ground his teeth and said, “ Deux.” Each strike took him farther from identifiable understanding, swirled his thoughts together into a liquid pulp of heat and white noise. “ Trois.” His head started to swim. He gasped into the mattress, tugging at the sheets with his hands and Hux left fire in his skin with every slap. When he gasped, “Five,” Hux said. “No. Start over.” “ What.” Hux curled his fingers in Ben’s hair, pulled. “It’s ‘cinq,’ Benjamin.” Hux brought his hand down. Ben sucked in a breath and said, “ Un.” Another strike. “ Duex.” He swallowed into the mattress and groaned when Hux slapped him again, slurred out, “Three. Fuck. Fuck. Trois--” “Ben.” He sucked in a breath, felt his whole body tense and-- “ Un.” He felt like ‘Ben’ was splintering apart with each new contact, cracking open like eggshells and all that was left behind was that quiet, dark place where there was no General, no Poe, no Bell, no Ben, no murder, no scotch, no-- only Hux and me and Hux and Ben could live here, it was so quiet here. He was trembling. His skin was tingling, pricking and buzzing in the most delicious pull of tight heat. Ben said “Cinq.” He waited. Hux had stopped. His hands fell again against the curve of Ben’s ass, gentle and soft and Ben actually jumped again, bucked against the bedframe because the heat of his hands pressed and lingering there made everything burn. “Stand up.” By the time the words sunk through the thick, quiet fog in his head, he was already standing. He blinked at Hux beautiful Hux and Hux’s lips quirked in such a pleased, such a satisfied little expression and all Ben wanted to do was tilt forward, put his head on Hux’s shoulder because it was too heavy to hold, but Hux hadn’t told him he could so he wouldn’t. Hux reached out and lifted his red tie from the end of the bed and said, “Hold out your hands.” Ben didn’t even think to protest or question him. Hux looped the soft so very soft fabric around his wrists in some complicated knot before he said, “Lay down.” So Ben laid down. His bed was soft. He felt his shoulders melting into the down comforter and Hux said, “Put your hands over your head,” before he used Ben’s tie to fasten the knots at Ben’s wrists to the rails of the head board. He moved back to the foot of the bed, and Ben actually moaned when he climbed onto it, put his knees on either side of Ben’s hips, and leaned forward, Ben’s shirt trailing from his hands. “How does that feel?” he asked, reaching up to finger the knots. “Not too tight?” “No. No. It’s good.” Ben’s voice was slurred. That was embarrassing. What--? “Lift your head.” Hux pressed Ben’s shirt over his eyes. Looped the sleeves around his head and tied them to the side so Ben wouldn’t be laying on the knot. He asked again, “How does that feel? Can you see?” “I wanna see you,” Ben heard himself complain. “You’re so beautiful--” Hux grabbed his chin in a motion that was becoming achingly familiar and beginning to make him pulse with every pent up bit of lust Hux had evoked in him since the first time Ben had seen him. “No. You don’t get to see right now.” Ben heard himself whimper, high pitched and disappointed and Hux said, “But I’m going to give you something else. Since you were so obedient for me just now. Would you like that?” “Yes,” Ben breathed, body and wrists arching against the ties and Hux’s weight on his hips. “Yes, what?” “Yes. Please.” He felt Hux’s weight shift. It was so dark. His skin where Hux had hit him felt hot and tight against his sheets. It was making his whole body tingle. Hux dragged his teeth across Ben’s chest and Ben gasped wetly, arched his back and moaned long and loud and Hux bit him before the sound had died on his lips. The cracked, broken sound he made made Hux chuckle and he did it again. And again. And again. Did it until Ben was rolling beneath him and gasping and “ Hux, oh, oh fuck. Hux. Hux. Huxhux--fuck, my shit, my Hux--” He dragged his hot, wet tongue along the marks he’d left with his teeth, gentled away the sting with wet tenderness and Ben’s moans became less and less coherent as the skin on his chest and stomach started to burn and rage and tingle like the skin on his ass. Hux curled feather light fingers against the head of his cock and Ben actually sobbed because he’d, fuck, he hadn’t even noticed how hard he was, how he pulsed at every touch and Hux’s sharp kisses were tracking lower, over his hips, the outside of his thighs, the insides of his thighs and then. And then. Softly. Delicately. So gently he might have imagined it, Hux flicked his tongue against the very tip of Ben’s cock and exhaled, covered him with all his hot breath and Ben felt his hips lift and thrash, every corded muscle in his body pulled tight and a long, wet, broken moan surged from his lips. Hux moved back up to his stomach and Ben panted, “Wait, no, please.” Hux stilled, the hand spread along Ben’s hip loosening. That was worse. Ben moaned again, said, “Please, Hux, please, please--” “Please what, Ben?” “I don’t. I can’t,” Ben huffed for breath. “What’s your word, Ben.” “I. Fuck. Ten thirty three, ten thirty three.” “Do you want me to stop?” “ No. Please, fuck don’t, don’t. I want to see you. I want to see you so bad, Hux, please--” He felt Hux’s weight shift and Hux laid his chest against Ben’s. His bare chest. His. Bare. Ben sobbed, loud and desperate and his whole body pulsed with the feel of Hux’s skin against his, with the knowledge that Hux had bared himself but Ben couldn’t see. His headboard creaked when he strained against the ties, frantic to feel Hux’s skin in his hands. “Please, please, Hux, take it off, I want to see you, please--” Hux snapped close to his ear, “No. After the scene you caused you don’t deserve that.” Ben made a wordless sound and Hux said, “Say it.” “What?” “Say it.” “I. I don’t. I don’t deserve to see you. Fuck, Hux, I want to so bad.” “You’re lucky I’ve given you this,” Hux told him and bit his earlobe for emphasis. “Aren’t you?” “Yes. Yes. Thank you. Hux. My Hux. You’re. So.” He shifted again, paused to bite Ben’s nipple harder than anyone had ever bit him there and then moved lower, over abs and hips and thighs and Ben wasn’t making sense anymore, every skin cell was on fire, burning, tingling and pulsing with bright, heady pain and he realized the strange broken sound he was making was a laugh. It only took one hot, long press of tight lips over fine skin. Hux curled his lips around Ben’s cock, dipped his head one time, from head to root, took Ben’s whole length into his mouth and Ben felt all the heat in his skin surge to his cock, wash over him like a tidal wave. “ Hux.” He’d fantasized about this. How many nights had he lulled himself to sleep wondering what Hux would be like like this? If he would be neat and efficient, or wet and long and languorous, if he even did this at all. He pulled away immediately, closed his lips and moved instead to bite Ben on the thigh again and Ben hissed because it had hurt but then that rush and-- Hux dragged his tongue over the place he’d bit. He raked his nails over Ben’s chest, aggravating old stings. He sank his teeth into the skin at Ben’s waist so hard Ben was sure he’d drawn blood. He closed his mouth over the head of Ben’s cock and lingered, looped his tongue in tender little circles and then sank onto him again and Ben came. Hux was better than he could have possibly imagined. All of this was more than he could have ever imagined and the feel of it crested over him, drowned him in heat that just kept coming. His muscles ached and tensed. His arms pulled against the ties and something in his headboard cracked. He was screaming Hux’s name and it sounded like a plea. He kept shouting and gasping and thrashing even when his dick stopped pulsing with come, the tremors wracking his body lingering long beyond the practical nature of his orgasm. Hux pulled back and watched him, fingers twirling idly at the space between Ben’s leg and his cock. He stayed there until Ben fell still and quiet. He stayed there until Ben’s heart rate fell. Until his arms and legs sagged against the sheets. Ben felt him shift, twist for something behind him, and a moment later, or maybe it was longer, Hux climbed forward and untied Ben’s wrists. His arms dropped to the mattress like they were weighted. He didn’t try to lift them. He knew he wouldn’t be able to. Hux pushed the blindfold aside and Ben tried to be disappointed to see he had put his shirt back on, but it was hard to really be anything. Hux smirked. “Feel better?” Ben felt his eyes roll and he grinned and didn’t recognize his own voice when he said, “You’re amazing.” Hux laughed, a startled little sound, and rolled forward to curl against Ben’s side. Ben nuzzled against his hair. Mostly because rolling his head to the side was the only movement he could handle. Hux smelled good. Expensive. He always smelled expensive. Felt it too, with his too soft shirts that never wrinkled and his smooth pale skin and silky hair. Ben inhaled so deeply his head swam with the musky, masculine scent of him. Hux was sweating too. Just a little. Just enough that Ben could smell him under the hair product and soap and lightest touch of that deliciously subtle cologne and it all melded together into something unmistakably Hux. “You’re.” Hux started to say, then stopped himself. He didn’t speak. Ben didn’t need him to. “When do I get to make you come?” Ben asked, all the tingly heat roiling across his skin making him lazy and blunt. “It’s not fair if I get all the orgasms.” Hux chuckled. “You think this isn’t good for me?” “Mmm,” Ben replied nonsensically. “It is.” “Still.” “We’re not there yet,” Hux said simply. “You don’t really know me yet. The first time we. I want you to know me.” “I do know you,” Ben protested. “Well enough to know I--” He cut himself off. Regained control of his tongue enough to know he didn’t want to finish that thought. At least not now. “Well enough.” Hux said, “No. Not yet.” He curled up and kissed Ben on the nose. And Ben shuddered because Not yet. It didn’t sound like a promise. It sounded like a threat. ~~~ “You need to wake up,” Hux said gently. “I have to go into work.” “No,” Ben moaned, locking his arms around Hux’s chest. “Don’t go. Can’t you just. Aren’t you the boss? Stay with me.” “Ben,” Hux sighed. “Come on, your phone has been vibrating for an hour now, and Phasma just texted me asking me where you are.” Ben groaned into Hux’s shoulder. The room was dark. It smelled like sweat and sex and Hux, and Ben never wanted to move from the warm nest of sheets. Ben’s chest felt tight just thinking about returning to work. Hux sat up, cracked his neck. Ben rolled onto his back and sighed before crawling to the end of the bed and reaching for his slacks. He had eleven missed calls. Literally everyone had texted him. Poe, Finn, and Rey with some variation of Are you alright? From Luke he got: I need to speak to you right now, Ben. This is urgent. From Leia: Call me the instant you get this. we need to talk I need to know you’re ok From Han: ben pick up your fucking phone your mother is worried sick what the fuck is wrong with you From Phasma: You need to get back to the station right now!!! Your job is on the line. I’m not exaggerating pick up your motherfucking phone. Ben took a shaky breath and Hux’s hand was on his shoulder instantly. Ben exhaled. “What is it?” “I have to go back to work. Phas says.” He couldn’t say it so he held up the phone instead. “Get dressed. I’ll take you back.” Ben ran a hand over his face and climbed out of bed. His muscles felt weak and he tottered on his feet. The foot he had used to destroy his desk throbbed twice and Ben winced because he’d forgotten about it during-- For the first time, he looked down at his chest and hissed in surprise. “What?” “Fuck, Hux, I look like a goddamn assault victim.” Hux snickered and Ben fingered one of the purpling bruises just below his right pectoral. It was tender and hot and made him feel too warm when he looked at it. Hux had covered his whole chest and stomach in them, in varying shades of red and purple-- and he really had broken the skin down by Ben’s hip. Ben shook his head, an odd surge of. Embarrassment flaring in his stomach. He’d have to consider that later. Now he had to get back to work. Hux was repositioning his tie-- it looked no worse for wear. Ben’s however, was wrinkled all to hell and Hux picked it up with a scowl before draping it over the footboard and disappearing into Ben’s closet. He emerged a moment later with another black shirt and tie and handed the first to Ben. Ben felt strange, buttoning all those bruises and bitemarks behind the black cotton. A little dirty. The idea that only this thin slip of fabric lay between the evidence of the filthiest orgasm Ben had ever had and the rest of world was a little. Intoxicating. “I guess you did destroy my shirt,” he muttered belatedly as he clipped the last two buttons into place. Hux chuckled and lifted his hands to loop the tie around Ben’s neck. “I’ll buy you a new one.” Ben stared at the elegant, delicate plans of his face as he carefully tied the knot. At his bright eyes that always sparkled and his full lips that scowled so prettily and so often, it was like a punch to the gut when he actually smiled. At the hair falling across his forehead, the only hint that Hux had been doing something more strenuous than sipping coffee at Ben’s kitchen table. At the devastatingly sexy ginger shadow dusting his chin and cheeks that he’d started growing every few days just for Ben. Just because Ben had told him how much he loved it. Ben’s face was smooth now. Because, conversely, Hux prefered him that way. When was the last time Ben had gone more than a day without shaving? He hadn’t realized. Hux had only mentioned it once, in passing. Had kissed a freshly shaven cheek and said, “I like you like this.” And Ben hadn’t skipped his morning shave since. Hux tugged Ben’s tie into place. Smoothed the knot out. Ben curled his forearm around the small of Hux’s back and kissed him, open mouthed and fierce and said finally, softly, against his lips, “Thank you. I don’t know where I’d be right now without-- I love you.” Hux jerked away from him, stared at him with his eyes wide and his brows furrowed like Ben had just said something truly obscene and before Ben could feel the surge of terrible, regretful fear building in his chest, Hux pushed him away with both palms flat on Ben’s chest so Ben could feel all the prickly heat from the bruises. “Hux--” Hux shook his head, two sharp little jerks, and said, “You. I need. You need to go back to work.” He turned on his heel and left Ben standing there, staring at his back as he ran from the room. ~~~ He waited for Ben in the living room. When Ben emerged a few moments later, he immediately opened the door and crossed to the elevator. It was like that all the way to the car. He always waited two steps ahead. Kept distance between them. He actually leaned away from Ben when Ben sat down in the passenger seat. “Hux--” Hux shook his head, a puff of air the only indication that Ben’s words had had any effect on him at all. They drove in complete silence. When Hux stopped in front of the station, Ben, again, said, “Hux, I--” “Get out of my car.” “ What?” The locks clicked open. Hux wouldn’t look at him. Ben was horrified to find tears pricking at the corners of his eyes. His chest hurt. He got out of the car. Hux peeled away, rounded a corner, and was gone. ~~~ Every head in the room turned to look at him when he stepped into the office. Someone had cleaned up his desk. “Jesus fuck, Ben!” Phasma broke the silence and practically rushed him. “Are you alright? We’ve been trying to--” “I know, Phas, I’m sorry,” Ben said softly. It was hard to be concerned with Phasma when Hux was. What? Had they. Were they going to break up? That would be fucking stupid and it wasn’t like it was inappropriate to confess love after a month and half, and it wasn’t like he and Hux hadn’t been more intimate than Ben had ever been with anybody ever before and really what the fuck was his problem, he couldn’t just do what he’d done to Ben and then. And then run away. Phasma slapped Ben on the chest, jolting him from his thoughts and he hissed and curled forward, swatting her hand away as he did. Phasma’s eyes narrowed. “Why did that hurt--” “It’s nothing. What’s so fucking urgent?” Phasma brought him back to the present with the only thing that could possibly be worse than what Ben had already been thinking about. “Ben. IA is here.” “ What?” “They’ve been here all morning. We’ve been trying to get a hold of you . They want to interview you and they’ve been collecting everything we have on Bell. They’ve been in the Chief’s office all morning.” “That fast?” Ben asked weakly. Phasma shook her head. “Tarkin made a splash. Bell is a fucking scum lord and the public think he’s guilty and if he gets off, he’s only out on bail now, he’ll get a new trial, but if we don’t have anything on him without the DNA link, fuck, Ben, they’re gonna have to drop the charges.” Ben shook his head. “He’s a monster.” “I know, Ben. But. The DNA.” She paused and cleared her throat. “Is it true?” “Phasma, how could you ask me that.” “Is it true, Ben?” Ben swallowed. Shook his head. Phasma actually sighed in relief. “If there’s nothing to find, there’s nothing to find. Go. Chief said to send you in the second we saw you.” Ben went. Luke sighed when Ben knocked on the door. Ben stepped inside and put his hands behind his back. “You. Wanted to see me. Chief. Sir.” Luke’s standard calm and serenity was cracked. His face was blank but Ben could see the pads of his fingers, white against the top of his desk. “Detective Solo,” He said, voice thick, playing at calm. “This is Agent Lee and Agent Pinkerton. They’re with Internal Affairs.” Ben kept his voice as steady as he could when he said, “Internal Affairs, sir?” Agent Lee, a middle aged asian woman with a severe bun and cat eyed glasses, stood. She didn’t hold out her hand. “Detective Solo, you know why we’re here.” Ben ground his teeth and lied. “No.” “You’ve been accused of planting evidence at a crime scene. This is a very serious accusation. Agent Pinkerton and I are here to investigate Bell and Tarkin’s claims. We are taking these accusations. Very. Seriously,” she said again. “If there is any validity to these accusations, believe me, we will find out.” Ben felt his hands shaking. He said, “Yes, ma’am.” “You will be placed on administrative leave until the conclusion of our investigation,” Pinkerton said from his seat. He was blond, beefy, and disconcertingly casual. “ What?” “Ben--” Luke began. “ You can’t do that.” “Lower your voice, Detective Solo,” Lee said. “ We’re in the middle of an investigation. The General is--” “You’re team can handle it. This is not up for discussion, Solo. You will be placed on paid administrative leave until the conclusion of our investigation. We will begin by questioning you. Leave your weapon, and your badge, and come with us.” “No, fuck that--” Ben began. Luke yelled, “Ben!” And Ben went very still because Luke had never raised his voice once in Ben’s entire life. Not once. Luke sighed. “I have the utmost faith that Tarkin’s claims are complete nonsense,” he said pointedly. “If you cooperate with Agent Lee and Agent Pinkerton we can have you back in the field in a couple weeks. Please. Answer their questions.” Ben swallowed hard and nodded. “Yes, sir.” “Thank you.” Ben didn’t look at anyone as he unclipped his service weapon from his hip and laid it on Luke’s desk. His badge followed. Then they led him to the interrogation room. Pinkerton lounged in the corner eating popcorn from a bag he’d gotten from the vending machine. Lee flipped through a file, her back straight and rigid, and Ben drawled, “Are you two really about to good cop/bad cop me? You realize I’m the best fucking interrogator on the force.” “Your record is impressive,” Lee admitted, turning toward him. “The average clearance rate for homicides in the US is--” “About sixty four percent,” Ben said tiredly. “I know.” “This department was hovering around that rate at the time of your promotion to detective at which point it rose by five percent. You specifically have about an eighty percent clearance rate and the overwhelming majority of those identifications end with a conviction which is more than can be said for the rest of your department and far more than can be said for other departments nationwide with statistical similarities.” Ben shrugged. “Yeah. I know. Thanks?” “Very impressive, Detective Solo,” Pinkerton said around a mouth full of popcorn. “Almost too impressive.” Ben’s face twisted. “Fuck are you suggesting?” “We have confirmed the findings in the Bell case. The probability that the DNA evidence used to convict Bell was planted is very high. And as you were the lead detective on that case, with a personal vendetta against Mr. Bell…” Lee trailed off. “One wonders if there are other cases we should be investigating.” “ No,” Ben said in disgust. “I didn’t plant anything. I’m a good detective, I’m good at my job.” “Suspiciously so,” Pinkerton quipped. Ben clamped his mouth shut and resisted the urge to scream. The questioned him for four hours. Made him relive every detail of the Bell case. Started pulling at threads in other cases. Four hours. And when Ben stumbled home, it was for good. Administrative leave. The General was still out there and Ben was on administrative leave. He pulled his phone from his pocket in the taxi and texted Hux. Cn we please talk please tell me what your thinking. And when, fifteen minutes later, he had no response, he added, fuck please do’t go quiet on my now I cant handle it please fucking talk to me and sent it without thinking too hard about how crazy and desperate he sounded. Hux didn’t reply. Ben fell into his apartment and his eyes were drawn magnetically to the scotch on his counter. Waiting for him. Giftwrapped, complete with bow. He uncorked it and upended the bottle. Notes: Y'all, Ajax is on vacation and for the FIRST TIME EVER I have posted a scene (AND A SMUTTY SCENE) without her editing/confirming it's not shitty first. This is like, kind of a big deal for me you guys. I HOPE YOU LIKE IT. <3