First Iteration - Apocalypse Now Poe laughed madly as he brought the stolen Carrack -class Imperial gunship out of a steep dive, wildly swerving around an errant TIE fighter and firing off a shot from one of the craft’s heavy turbolasers. The ensuing blast shook the gunship, and a loud crash echoed into the cockpit from deep within the belly of the cruiser. Poe flipped several switches and leaned back, tilting his head to the side. “Is everything all right back there?” He asked cheekily, a knowing grin playing about his lips. Poe generally found that a dash of wit helped to diffuse even the most tense of situations. Jessika and Wedge had become accustomed to his terrible sense of humor after years of enduring ill-timed jabs during airstrikes, and only ever put up a token resistance anymore. “Now’s really not the time, Poe!” Rey yelled, response punctuated by the sound of a laser cannon going off. Another TIE fighter was consumed by flames, sending it spiraling down into the ocean beneath. Poe’s grin widened at the sight—Rey was one hell of a crack shot. “Yeah! Save the jokes for when we aren’t facing certain death,” Finn chimed in, clearly aggrieved. He was situated opposite to Rey, having been tasked with manning the weapons on the left side of their stolen cruiser. BB-8 whirred her agreement, the comment eliciting a series of manic giggles from both Rey and Finn. “See, they both agree with me!” Finn shouted, shooting down several more enemy ships and whooping excitedly at his success. “Fair enough,” Poe replied, twisting to face the console. He carefully turned one of the many thick dials and pressed the tiller forward, forcing the gunship low enough to where they were nearly coasting along the ocean waves. Poe would have been able to admire Scarif’s beauty more, if not for the battle that raged fiercely around them. Imperial and Rebel Alliance forces clashed openly, soaring throughout the vast expanse of sky and ocean as they became entangled in a brutal dogfight over securing the Imperial base below. Bolts of light rocketed past each and every ship, some culminating in riotous explosion, while others remained impotent. Debris rained freely down from above, catching onto the exposed hulls of crafts belonging to both friend and foe alike and propelling them towards the earth below. It was a gruesome spectacle, one that Poe was thrilled to take part in. The turning point in their secret war had finally arrived, and it looked as though that for once a decisive victory would be in the Alliance’s favor. A worrying beep emanated from the console, forcing Poe to swivel sharply off to the side as a TIE striker cut through the air and into the space they had occupied just mere seconds ago. Shards of metal and transparisteel blew outwards as a riotous inferno bubbled beneath the water’s surface and burst open, spewing out licks of fire and ash. That was definitely a close one, Poe thought feverishly, wiping sweat from his brow. Rey and Finn were obviously in agreement, as their relieved laughter resounded throughout the interior of the craft. Poe’s lips curled into a wild grin—nothing brought people closer quite like narrowly avoiding a near-death experience together. “I bet you’re having one hell of a time…” Poe slowly trailed off, eyes widening as he took in the sight that now lay before him. An Imperial craft—spherical in shape, with a large indent in the middle—had emerged from hyperspace with a swift and sudden ferocity. What in the nine hells is that? Poe gaped, grip tightening involuntarily on the handles of the tiller. It was by far the largest space station he had ever seen, nearly large enough to eclipse the sun. A veritable false moon, in fact. And as Poe gazed upon the device, the massive concave dish flared to life, ablaze with an eerie glow. His heart skipped a beat, and terrified gasp became lodged deep within his throat. Oh, fu— A tremendous beam of light arced through the air and struck the ocean behind them, erupting into a monstrous upsurge of water and fire. Thick clouds of ash and smoke unfurled from the impact site like a grotesque bloom, suffusing with ease into the rising conflagration. Poe jerked the gunship forward and revved the accelerator, barely managing to coast above the blast-wave. He grit his teeth and curved the nose of the cruiser up, intending to take to the skies. It was clear to him that this —whatever the hell it was—had turned the tides of battle in the Empire’s favor, and that it would be fucking insane for them to remain behind. I don’t particularly feel like being tortured in an Imperial prison again. Once is more than enough for me, Poe thought wryly, reaching up a gloved hand to engage the thrusters. And he would have left Scarif behind, if he had not glanced down one final time. Staggering towards the coast were two haggard-looking rebels—a man and a woman, the former of which was clearly injured. There was a terrible acceptance written in the slack lines of their weary bodies, in the softness of their faces. This was the look of people who’d come to terms with their fate, who had readied themselves for death. Of all the horrors he’d seen while fighting on behalf of the Rebellion, Poe had never witnessed anything quite this tragic before. There was just something A heavy weight settled over his heart, agonizing in every respect. It struck him then, what he needed to do. His eyes narrowed, mouth thinning into a determined line. They aren’t going to die—not today, not on my watch. He sank back into the pilot’s seat and cut the engines, sending them spiraling down below with a jarring abruptness. Rey, Finn, and BB-8 each let out a terrified scream, all the while Poe laughed madly. “Now this is what it means to be a rebel!” He cried, reveling in the thrilling sensation of free-fall. Nothing could ever compare to the feeling of absolute weightlessness, of being imbued with such buoyant elation. If he never touched the ground again, Poe would die a happy man. “I did not sign up for this!” Rey shrieked breathlessly, sounding vaguely murderous. The heavy thump of a body slamming into one of the durasteel walls, followed by a low groan, signified that Finn would likely be of the same mind as her. “You’ll get used to it soon enough, I promise!” Poe replied, restarting the turbines right as they were about to crash into the beach. He jerked the tiller closer, causing the craft to swerve sharply upwards and curve into a full roll. Several loud thuds accompanied this latest move, and Poe winced in sympathy. That had to have hurt. “Poe, you crazy bastard—I nearly died!” Finn gasped, by far the worst victim of Poe’s impulsiveness. “Sorry, pal,” he bit out, flipping several switches in order to direct the cruiser’s exhaust forward and decrease their speed enough for landing. The dirt beneath was stirred into a thick cloud, fanning outwards as the craft settled onto the ground. Poe opened the hatch and vaulted out of his seat, quickly leaping over the sprawled forms of Rey, Finn, and BB-8. He stumbled down the ramp, brushing a bloodied, sweat-dampened curl out of his eyes. The duo stood several feet away, both bearing the same gob-smacked expression, as though they couldn’t quite believe what they were seeing. “Looks like it’s your lucky day, fellas. Get the hell in!” Poe shouted, startling them out of their shocked stupor. The woman’s tired face lit up, her full lips curling into a hysteria-tinged grin. She looked down at her male counterpart, sharp features softening with affection. “Well, Cassian, how could we possibly refuse such an offer?” She remarked, sounding very nearly delirious. He barked out a rough laugh and sagged into the curve of her body. “After you, Jyn,” the man— Cassian, breathed, tipping his head in Poe’s direction. Poe gaped, finally having properly processed the name. “Wait—Cassian Andor? Captain Cassian Andor?” He asked eagerly, ushering them inside. This was one of the highest-ranking officers in the Rebel Intelligence sector, a man infamous for his nigh-consummate skills as a spy and saboteur—not to mention a personal hero of Poe’s. And now he finally had the chance to meet Cassian in person, even if it was on a rapidly exploding planet infested with enemy combatants. “Do I know you?” Cassian demanded, looking at him askance. His companion appeared mistrustful as well, so Poe hastily attempted to allay their suspicions. “Callsign: Black Leader. Big fan of yours, by the way—you’re a fucking legend among us pilots,” Poe replied, sprinting towards the cockpit and settling back into the pilot’s chair. He quickly raised the hatch and disengaged the landing gears, haphazardly transitioning into flight mode. Out of the corner of his eye, Poe could see the spectral reflection of the blast mirrored in the gunship’s viewport, impossibly vast in scope. It was approaching the archipelago with a deadly swiftness, eating away at both sky and ocean without pause or mercy. If they didn’t enter hyperspace soon, it would be death by incineration for the lot of them. All in a day’s work, Poe thought sarcastically, accelerating the main engines and launching the cruiser into the air. They soon came to rest at the very edge of the inferno, barely outpacing it as Poe furiously began to input the hyperspace coordinates for Yavin IV. “We thought you were dead. You’ve been listed as MIA for over two weeks,” Cassian rasped, closer now. He and the woman— Jyn, Poe reminded himself—had followed him into the cabin, with the latter easing Cassian into the co-pilot’s seat. “More like captured,” Poe said, absently gesturing at his bruised face. “I was shot down by a group of Imps while en route to headquarters and taken in for ‘questioning.’ The only reason I’m alive right now is because of Finn and Rey—” Poe’s tirade was abruptly truncated by BB-8, who uttered a series of loud chirps, deeply affronted by the fact that he hadn’t made mention of her efforts in rescuing him. “And BB-8, of course,” Poe added. “That’s us, by the way!” Rey exclaimed, peeking her head over the back of Poe’s seat. Finn groaned in affirmation, still dazed from his earlier tumble. Poe grinned, hopelessly endeared by the two of them. “Finn was the one who helped me escape the interrogation cell, but those fucking Imps damaged our stolen TIE fighter to such a degree that we wound up crash-landing on Jakku— again. Luckily, Rey stumbled upon the wreckage and managed to fish us out with the aid of BB-8,” Poe continued, anxiously running a gloved hand across his unshaven jaw and jerking the cruiser upwards, taking them farther away from the blast and into the farthest reaches of the atmosphere. “After spending the better part of three days on the run from a platoon of Stormtroopers, we were finally able to steal a cruiser and hightail it out of there. I patched into a known rebel frequency on the way back to base, only to find that the fleet was amassing at Scarif for whatever reason. So, we changed course and arrived just in time to blow up some Imps—” Poe’s lengthy explanation was cut off by Jyn, who looked vaguely stunned. “Wait—you have no idea what we were fighting for? What all of this was about?” Jyn asked, sounding as though she were on the verge of bursting into hysterical laughter. Cassian didn’t even bother trying to hide his amusement, he simply huffed out a series of manic coughs, face twisted into an expression of pained mirth. “Um, yes …?” Poe replied, realizing how stupid he must seem to them. “I—well, we to be more precise—just figured that any battle between the Empire and The Rebellion was one worth fighting.” “You’re all just big damn heroes, then? Arriving in the nick of time to save the day?” Jyn remarked dryly, though there was genuine respect present in her voice. As Poe initiated the jump into hyperspace, he shot her a wry grin. “It doesn’t take a hero to save someone’s life,” he said, bracing himself for the blowback of hurtling through the cosmos. “I suppose not,” Jyn said after a moment’s pause—slowly, thoughtfully. And then the world around them disappeared, slipping into lambent streaks of light. .I. Meanwhile… In Mos Eisley Two men entered Chalmun’s Cantina, closely followed by a large, heavily-armed Wookiee. One was tall and rather scruffy-looking, clad in a chest-bearing white shirt and black vest. A blaster holster was slung low around his waist, and another around the circumference of his shoulder. The handle of his weapon jutted out ever so slightly from behind the dark fabric of his top. He was dangerous, that much was certain. However, his counterpart couldn’t have been more different—he was nearly a head shorter than the former, with floppy blond hair and a wide, thin-lipped mouth cleanly bisected by an old scar. A thick pair of goggles obscured the upper portion of his face, though the secrecy was belied by the eye-searing yellow jacket he wore. The taller man swaggered up to the bar and leaned into the battered tabletop, every movement sure and methodical. “Four shots of Shesharilian vodka,” he drawled, slapping down several credits. There was a roguish grin playing about his lips, and it only widened further when the bartender passed him his drinks. He scooped up the glasses and sauntered over to the corner where the other man lay seated, sprawling into the plush seat. “This better be worth it, kid,” he muttered, stretching an arm around his partner’s shoulders, while using the other to toss back a drink. “It will be, Han,” the other man replied, leaning into the touch. “We need to be here. I don’t know why, but it feels right. It would be a big mistake to leave now.” “Luke, the last time we followed one of your hocus-pocus mumbo jumbo bullshit ‘feelings,’ we wound up being arrested and thrown in an Imperial prison for two weeks,” Han bit out. “That was not my fault. Besides, we made a hefty profit off that cruiser we snatched in our getaway—almost 15,000 credits, in fact,” Luke responded, snatching one of Han’s drinks. Han grunted in annoyance, but he didn’t contest the statement. “We better make a shitload of money off of this hunch of yours, otherwise Jabba’s going to have our heads,” Han growled after a moment, eyes darting around the dingy Cantina. Luke grinned. “Oh, yeah. If anything comes out of this, it’ll be one hell of a payday.” Notes: This is a fusion of several Star Wars movies. There is no time-travel, all of these people just sort of exist at the same time. Carrack-class gunship info.