Finn knelt down in front of Poe, reaching out to grab one of the bundles of rope nearby. He ran his hands up Poe’s legs, squeezing his thighs through the leggings he wore. “You still alright?” Poe nodded. “I’m fine if you are.” He folded his arms across his chest to keep them out of the way, looking down at Finn expectantly. He patted Poe’s hip and turned to look at Rey where she sat off to the side on a pillow. “What about you?” She grinned and twirled the sturdy metal ring he had given her around her wrist. “Ready whenever.” Poe raised an eyebrow at her while Finn wrapped the rope around his hips in a lark’s head. He quickly wrapped in in reverse, yanking it snug as he did. “Are you sure this isn’t misusing your force abilities?” Rey tossed the ring back and forth between her hands, shrugging. “I can go if you want.” She teased, gesturing to the door. Finn smacked him on the bum with his free hand and shook Poe’s hips in mock frustration. “I have a perfect plan, and you will not ruin it by being cheeky.” He pulled the the rope tight again and wrapped it around Poe’s thigh, reaching in between his legs with one hand to make sure it fell in the right place. Finn pulled it around to the other leg and repeated the wrap, looping the rope back through his original lark’s head. Finn managed to get through half a repeat of the thigh wraps before he ran out of rope. He stopped with one arm wrapped around Poe’s leg and looked up at him. “You still ok?” Poe grinned and snatched Finn’s head, dragging it forward. Finn laughed and pressed his cheek against Poe’s stomach, wrapping his free arm around Poe’s waist. He stayed there for a minute before pulling back. “Is that a yes?” “Yes.” Poe rested a hand on Finn’s head as the kneeling man turned to grab another bundle of rope, shaking it out beside him. He attached it to his first rope and finished the wrap before pausing. He pressed the knot into Poe’s thigh and looked up again. “Is that going to hurt if there’s pressure on it?” Poe shook his head and Finn continued wrapping until there were woven portions on the front of Poe’s legs, he tied the rope off and got up, running a hand down Poe’s arm. “How do you feel?” Poe nodded. “I feel good.” Finn hummed and stepped behind Poe, slipping his fingers under the thigh bands in the back and tugging at them. “How does that feel?” Poe assured him it was fine, and Finn did the same test with the bands around the top of Poe’s hips. He swapped his arms around Poe’s chest from behind and rested his chin on Poe’s shoulder. “Do you want to sit down, or are you good standing?” Poe shifted his weight slightly, bringing his legs closer together now that Finn was done with the hip harness. “I’m ok standing. Is that gonna be easier for you?” Finn nodded and pressed a kiss to Poe’s temple before retrieving another length of rope. “Hands together.” Poe did as he was told and Finn secured the rope around his wrist before pushing his arms up to rest against his chest in a prayer position. He took a step forward and wrapped the rope around Poe’s back and across his folded arms several times before stopping to add more. When he finished the wraps he tucked the rope under Poe’s elbow and began to make knots up and down the wraps, pinning Poe’s arms to his chest. He tied off the rope and walked around Poe checking to make sure it wasn’t twisted, tugging on parts of it. “Does that feel ok?” Poe nodded and grabbed two wraps from the top and bottom. “Lean forward for me? Does any of that hurt? Is it pressing anywhere bad?” “Nope. It’s all good.” Finn pulled him back upright and Poe leaned his head back against Finn’s shoulder, putting on his best puppy eyes. “Do I get to go in the air now?” Finn smiled and pressed their head together. “Yes, yes you do.” He knelt down and grabbed another bundle of rope, threading it under the bands on Poe’s thighs and lower back. He pulled the rope up in a series of loops, linking them together to create a stable tripod. He yanked on it to make sure it was secure, nodding to himself when it was. “This one’s all set.” He smacked Poe’s bum again through the rope. Poe turned halfway around. “Hey!” Finn rolled his eyes and got to his feet, snagging another bundle of rope as he did. He held Poe’s arms to turn him back into position. “Face the right way.” He tapped a finger between Poe’s shoulder blades. “You’ve stayed still for me before, you can do it now.” He smacked Poe again just to prove his point, making Rey giggle. He repeated the loops on the rope around Poe’s torso, testing them again to be sure. “Ok, we’re good to go. You still want to do this?” “Yeah.” Poe grinned. Finn had a habit of checking in repeatedly when they tried something new. Rey thought it was incredibly sweet and had adopted it for herself under Finn’s mentor-ship. “Rey?” She perked up and tossed the ring into the air above Poe, narrowing her eyes as she kept it there with the force. “Thank you.” He unlatched one of the carabiners he had stashed on his belt before they had started and clamped it onto the ring, hooking the other one through the loops attached to Poe’s chest harness. “Bend over for me.” “Well that’s suggestive.” Finn rolled his eyes at Poe’s comment and threaded the rope through the upper carabiner then back through the lower one, creating a makeshift pulley. He locked it off with a pair of hitches then placed his hand on Poe’s back. He turned to Rey with a questioning look and got a thumbs up in return. He drummed his fingertips against Poe’s back. “Can you let it hold you up for a second?” Poe settled into the harness, the rope creaking softly as they came under stress. “Is anything pinching, anything really uncomfortable?” Poe shook his head and Finn turned back to Rey, keeping his hand firmly on Poe’s back. “Are you still doing alright?” She nodded. “It’s going to get heavier, is that ok?” Rey nodded with a wide grin. “I’ll tell you if anything’s wrong. I want to see you suspend him.” “Alright then.” Finn attached another two carabiners and make another pulley system over Poe’s hips. He held tightly to the end of the rope with one hand and hooked his other arm under Poe’s hips. Finn lifted Poe into the air with a grunt, yanking down on the rope to keep it taught. He repeated the motion a few more times until Poe’s feet were hovering half a foot off the ground before securing it with the same pair of hitches. “Still feeling good?” Poe took a moment to breathe before nodding and Finn reached for a smaller bundle of rope. He wrapped it around Poe’s ankles and pulled them up so his entire body was hanging parallel to the floor. He knelt down in front of Poe and caught the pilot’s eyes. “How are you feeling?” “It feels really good.” Poe let his head drop down and Finn reached out to run a hand through his curls. He stayed there for a minute, watching Poe shift in the ropes. Finn placed his hand on Poe’s shoulder and gave him a gentle push, rocking him back and forth in the ropes. After a few minutes he gently brought Poe to a halt, leaning down to look at Poe’s face. The pilot had his eyes closed and a contented smile on his lips. He looked over to Rey and moved his hand in a loop. A look of concentration crossed her face and the ring began to spin slowly. Poe let out a startled gasp before he got used to the motion and settled back into the ropes. Finn let him turn for a while, eventually signaling to Rey to stop the spin, stilling Poe himself. He cupped Poe’s face in his hands and leant forward. “We’re going to take you down now.” At a gesture from Finn Rey began to lower the ring until Poe was resting on the blanket they had spread on the floor earlier. Finn reached up and grabbed the ring, feeling Rey let go of it after he did. He heard her let out a long breath and saw her grinning from ear to ear. “That was cool.” She said quietly, shifting forward to run a hand through Poe’s hair. “You looked like you were having fun.” Finn smiled, working quickly to get the anchor lines detached. He rolled Poe onto his back and began to work on the hip harness, occasionally tucking an arm under Poe’s pelvis to make it easier to unwrap parts of it. He tossed the rope aside, planning to coil it later after they were done. Rey pushed up on Poe’s shoulders as Finn used the rope around his chest to pull him into a sitting position so Finn could unwind the chest harness. When Poe was finally free of the rope Finn wrapped his arms around him, feeling the pilot’s head slump onto his shoulder. “How did that feel? He asked, running his fingertips over Poe’s arms to feel the indentations left by the rope. “It felt good. I could have gone longer.” “Yeah? I’m glad.” Rey knelt beside them, holding a cup of water. Finn held Poe upright long enough for him to take a drink before pulling the pilot back against his chest. “I wanted to keep your first suspension short, just in case anything went wrong.” He looked to Rey over Poe’s shoulder. “You were awesome.” She grinned, rocking slightly on her knees. “Thank you!” Rey shrugged. “Besides, it’s good practice, changing weight, changing direction.” “Oi, don’t talk about me like I’m a rock.” Poe objected, leaning back to rest his head on Rey’s knees. “I’m sitting right here. Actually I’m laying down, but that’s a technicality.” He looked up at Rey, reaching up to rest a hand on her shoulder. “So when are you gonna be tying?” She laughed, tapping him on the nose. “It’s going to take a lot more practice.”