Wedding They stood, the two massive juggernauts of their respective sides of the War. Leia had died months ago, and Hux….Hux had been ripped apart by his own men when his stupidity had left him and his team stranded in a backwater corner of some world without food or water. The entire conflict had been utterly unprecedented, but with its head commanders long gone (no one quite knew what had happened to Snoke), Kylo Ren had taken a strange turn- taken a change of heart?- and issued a proposal, for peace , to its last leader standing: Rey. What had been written on the missive was a mystery, she being the only one to see it, the only eyes meant for it, and while some aspects had become clear, such as the reopened trade routes and relief brought to decimated worlds, others remained elusive. Until that day. Standing toe to toe on a dais engraved with galactic directional points, her officers had thought this would only be a meeting to sign a treaty. They had no idea what they were actually there for when a youngish man arrived with hair the color of deep mahogany and a flat, white scar that ran from his forehead down his nose before flaring wide across his cheek. That this was Kylo Ren, the Kylo Ren, was utterly preposterous- Rey's ranking among them was surely a one-off due to desperation and her priceless connection to the Force. Had this really been a battle all this time between nothing more than children? But then his eyes landed on Rey and they watched as his lips quirked into that familiar smirk and his eyes took on a mischievous shine they'd seen one too many times before. This really was Leia's son. And Han's. But Ben Solo was gone, and something else, something darker, stood in his place. But Rey…Rey was not surprised. Rey did not budge, they noted, and they wondered, finally, over the course of this entire war, just how many times had she seen his true face? She had dressed rather well, they thought, for the signing of a peace accord- this girl who was used to rough-hewn trousers and thick boots. They thought she didn't know how you were supposed to dress to attend great moments in history like this. They had misjudged completely when, even as the two glared at each other, he raised his outstretched hand to her and, slowly, never letting her eyes leave his, took it. "What's going on?" one of them demanded. "The conclusion of this treaty," the now-emperor of the newly minted sector of space replied, staring at Rey. "What does that mean? Rey?" She quickly turned her head to the side, pulling her eyes away from Kylo Ren's for the first time since he entered. "Please," she said in clipped tones. "Do not interfere." She turned back to him and he was waiting for her, a vaguely amused look on his face. "I'm doing this for all of us. It's the only way to end this war." At this, Kylo tilted his head questioningly to the side. "Is that really the only reason?" he asked. Rey said nothing, but her mask of neutrality slipped long enough to stare daggers into him before quickly recovering back to their hard, unmoving look from before. Kylo's lips pressed slightly together, as if holding back a knowing smile, and Rey had to bite the inside of her cheek to keep from snarling. Giving her one last knowing look, he turned to his guards who were never quite far away. "Let us begin." There was the clatter of boots and armor as the couple were suddenly encircled. Her officers called her name as they were pushed away, and as their shouting got louder, Kylo's lip curled as he whispered to a nearby lieutenant. Rey squeezed his hand in a clawlike grip, and he turned to her suddenly, attentive. "Yes?" She blinked back her quiet rage. "If you hurt them," she gritted out through clenched teeth. "This is off. And we can fight each other until we both die of either the saber or boredom, whichever comes fastest, but I promise you….this will be off." Her eyes were feral and Kylo looked back at her in genuine surprise. She hated how easily he was taking all of this, how naturally he seemed to exist in all this military pomp and excess. How relaxed he was when she was seething . He squeezed her hand gently in return and had the gall to caress the top of her hand with his thumb, an action she glared at pointedly. "They will not be harmed," he finally replied, drawing her attention back to himself. "In any way." Rey huffed. She was in no position to refute him. There was no way for her to check that he kept to his word. She was forced to trust him and it made her itch with how unnatural it was. When she looked back towards him it was the first time his eyes weren't on her. Instead he looked ahead, her hand firmly caught in his- there would be no escape, for either of them, this time- and she stared openly at his profile as the holy man entered through a hole made by the surrounding troopers. Kylo greeted him, more casually than Rey would have liked, and, in what felt like moments, it was done. They were Joined. Being pulled from her contingent, away from all the familiar faces she'd gotten to know over the past couple years, was more jarring than she'd anticipated. She was being whisked away from them all, forever, and she thought she'd be prepared for it. Rey realized quite early on that they didn't follow her out of loyalty or out of any sense of admiration or like. But because they whispered 'Jedi' when she walked past, and because both Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa has christened her as their own. They followed her because she seemed to know what she was doing and she was the only heir they had. They followed her despite her constant whispering to herself getting worse and worse, sometimes even at the most inappropriate moments, like at memorials and trials. They had no idea how Kylo Ren and Rey of Jakku had bled into each other's minds so deeply that neither could escape the other anymore. It was like a cancer, a tumor in the form of the other they had no way of removing. And as time passed and the war waged on it got worse. It's what brought them to this treaty as soon as Kylo consolidated power. They were now so entrenched in eachother's minds that it became very difficult to hide battle plans. It really would go on forever, unless they did something about it. Kylo's solution was, of course, crass. He couldn't force her into an advisory position instead? ' Please, Rey…' he had whispered to her as she read the sentence dictating their union in the peace missive he'd sent, 'You know this is the only way we can ever truly be sure of each other. And it would prevent the others from questioning our conversations.' She'd arched a brow at his commentary. 'You mean they're questioning your sanity, too?' she'd scoffed. Silence. He didn't answer. But despite the general dislike and fear she'd felt from her own people, they were familiar. She knew their faces, knew their lives through the Force. And as she was whisked away on Kylo's arm to their wedding bed, she glanced around at the sea of strangers surrounding them and she inwardly winced. His free hand lifted and covered hers wrapped around his arm without looking at her. The door was opened, and as soon as they were inside, they were alone. Rey tried to think back of the last time their confrontation on the battlefield caused them to drift off by themselves in the heat of the fight. It hadn't happened in ages, not since that last time. He'd lured her away and she'd followed- familiar with the dance- until he had her rammed up against a tree, wrenching her saber from her hands, in order to wrap both of his around her head to slam his lips against hers. She'd been in shock- what was he doing? - and as soon as her mind had come back to her she'd broken his hold and shoved him away. ' What are you doing? ' He'd simply stared at her. ' What is wrong with you?' she'd shouted again, smearing her hand across her lips trying to rub the sensation away as she scowled at him. He'd merely blinked back, expression blank. '… .Apologies,' he'd breathed finally. Summoning his saber back to his hand, he left it unlit. 'It will not repeat. So if you please,' he continued, motioning towards her own saber. She'd collected it, lit it, and the tiny sparks from their clashing stung at her skin. She'd pushed him away then. There would be no pushing him away this time. Not if they wanted peace. Not if they wanted an end to this fight that had been raging for three generations across the galaxy. Skywalkers. They were a curse. Kylo watched her as he moved around the room, his hand lightly brushing against the bedpost at the foot of the bed as he felt her relive the last time he'd tried to show her the truth of his heart- whatever was left of it- and at her concluding thought, he stifled a laugh and looked up at her through mussed bangs. "Rey…" She snapped out of her reverie to look up at him. "I'm not here to force you," he said with a shake of his head as he moved to face the footboard. His nail dug at the intricate carving under his hand. "You aren't forcing me," she answered. "I came here of my own free will." The corner of his mouth quirked and he nodded. "Yes. Yes you did." He glanced at her again before slowly walking back towards her. She looked up at him as he stopped just a step short of her, the fire of her presence making up for his towering over her. "We've not been able to keep much from each other," he began, "But since that day…" he nodded at the memory, "I've kept…those things…as far away from you as possible." Rey's lips shifted. "Why bother?" "I didn't want to influence you," he whispered. Rey narrowed her eyes at him. "Influence? Ben, you know you can't influence me." His eyes flared and he hissed as he closed the gap between them. His hands rose up, but still he never touched her. " Don't ," he warned dangerously. " Don't use that name." Rey innocently tilted her head to the side. "And why not? We're joined now, aren't we?" Joined . Kylo shuddered and raised his hands to cover his face, closing his eyes. Joined. He sighed, a sharp, pinched tension flowing out of him and into relief that hit hard into Rey, surprising her with its strength. "What is it?" she asked in confusion. "Oh gods…" he murmured. " Rey …." he croaked. Pressing his palms into his eyes, he lifted one bare hand away and did now rest it on her shoulder and at the feeling of their long-withheld connection taking hold, tying them together, she shivered and found herself grabbing at the robes covering his chest for support. His hand slid down her arm and around her waist, pulling her tight against his body as his other hand finally lowered, tucking her head against his neck. This. This is what she'd been afraid of. For years, being too close, touching him, feeling his skin, and what the Force, their bond , would demand of them when flesh finally met flesh. She felt a satisfying, pleasing hum pass back and forth between them, and for the first time in her life….. no , she had to fight it. She couldn't do this. She made her own destiny. Not the Force! "Oh please Rey…I've been so miserable without you….don't you understand? " She gasped as his fingers found the back of her neck and she leaned back into the sensation. Her mind rung itself through every other person who had touched her in her short life and nothing….nothing felt like this. Stars, the Force was cruel! Why him? Why this? She was weakening against him and he could feel her self-loathing. He had guessed… hoped , that this would happen. Hoped that their fates intertwined would help pull her towards him. But still she fought against it. And he loved her more for it. His Warrior Empress, Rey….she would never give in, and he wanted to laugh and sink his fingers in so deep that she'd never be able to escape. "Don't fight it, Rey…." he whispered, tilting her head up towards his. She stared up at him, mouth agape and her brows pulled in the sweetest worry as she leaned her cheek into his caressing fingers. "Ben…" she gasped. "Ben, please … !" He sighed, breathing in that dead name that she refused to shed from her lips, and curled his arm impossibly tight around her waist, fingers spreading down her thigh, and listened as her breath hitched. Her leg nudged his, making its way along the side of his. "Oh Rey…" he whispered against her lips. "If you insist." Her lips already parted in their plaintive plea, he dove down, catching up her tongue with his own. She tried to breathe in but couldn't, he was everywhere, suffocating, and then the surge hit and her fingers were in his hair as he grabbed up her inching leg, spreading her open against him, and he dragged them both towards their ornate marriage bed. He dropped her down, hard, and she stared up at him glassy-eyed and stunned as he worked to try and pull his belt away, yanking at the layers of his formal robes and watched as Rey looked up so sweetly forlorn at him as her fingers fumbled with the ties of her own dress. Finally shedding all the cloth, his chest was covered in a basic training shirt, form fitting, and he sensed as Rey's hazy mind briefly registered that despite all the formality, there was still the creature underneath ready to kill, always ready to fight. He smirked at the thought as he pulled it over his head, and when her dress fell loosely around her, he helped her tug it away, revealing a small blaster holstered to her inner thigh. He arched an approving brow. "I guess you can't beat it out of either of us," he said rather breathlessly. He tugged it loose, threw it to the floor, and he fell on her then, covering her completely with himself as he sucked hard at her neck and she moaned loudly, fingers quick to find their way back into his dark hair and he rubbed his chest flush against hers. His knee pressed against her mound and she arched against him. He grunted in satisfaction against her throat. How long had it been since someone had touched her like this? She was so sensitive. Maybe it was the Force's doing. But his vanity wanted him to believe it was him. He licked at the valley between her breasts, and her hand scratched down his shoulder blade as he took a very erect nipple into his mouth. She cried out as he sucked and tried to jerk away from him but he held her fast. He swirled his tongue once, twice, before moving on to the other one, licking a rough stripe from beneath her delicate breast to the tip of her before closing his mouth around it and kneading the soft flesh with his hand. He never thought he'd hear the sounds he was hearing from her. She held his head against her breast as his other hand gripped her thigh, and the thoughts that leaked through her were nothing like they were several minutes before. He traced his fingertips along her hip and down the gentle slope of her leg to brush the inside of her thigh and she keened. The sound went straight through him and he needed little else- he knew she felt him hard against her. "Kylo…" she gasped. He kissed her slowly, chastely on the lips. "What do you need, Rey?" he asked plaintively as his fingers skirted against the outside of her sex. "Ky…" His breath ghosted against her mouth. "What do you need…?" When his fingers pushed their way between her folds she twitched violently towards him and he hissed at the wetness he found there. It hadn't taken much, and she was already ready for him. More than ready. And he wasn't even through with her. He'd had years to fantasize about this moment, ever since she had rejected him in the woods that day. He would force her, he would seduce her, he would confess to her…. marrying her first had never played into it, but as she gasped against him, nuzzling against his neck and leaving her own timid kisses against his skin- baby steps - he dropped his forehead to her shoulder and an onslaught of emotion overcame him. Her grip on his hair tightened and she whimpered- he knew she felt it, too. He wouldn't be able to hold out like this. And he realized- neither would she. He brought up a hand to brush the hair away from her face and look her in the eye. "I've got you, Rey…I've got you…." He leaned down and brushed his lips against hers, light but needy things, and she writhed under him until he gave in and pressed her into the pillows with his kiss. Taking himself in hand, he pushed himself with a cry against her entranced and slipped tightly inside. Rey was arched back, mewling, and Kylo shouted into her shoulder as he pressed the rest of the way in. They were both gasping and Rey was holding him tight enough to yank the hair from his head but he didn't care. When a few seconds had passed, her grip loosened and small caresses replaced the pain. He leaned into her hand unconsciously, eyes slipping closed as she ran her fingers through his hair. "Ben…" she whispered again. Why did she have to do that. He looked up at her, and although she looked back, she seemed to be lost. He arched up, pushing himself inside her as well. "I've got you…" he said again, and he covered her mouth with his. He rolled his hips, slowly but firmly at first, until her hands dug into his back again and he couldn't hold back as the pain and pleasure coursed through him. He snapped harder, faster, against her, the motion rubbing hard against her clit as her legs bent up around him, opening herself wider to him and he grabbed her hips in his hands. "That's it, Rey," he whispered, gasping, and her head fell back as he drove into her. " Ben …" She couldn't breath, gulping in her choked breaths as his thumb rough from years of swordplay brushed against her nipple again, and as her body arched towards him of her own volition, his position inside her shifted, hitting a spot that made her burn , and she nearly screamed when suddenly his arms were wrapped underneath her, propping her higher up. She felt his mind flood into hers and her pleasure became his, and his became hers, and his arms hurt as he held her there, keeping her in that one place as he stroked the literal fire burning inside her over and over until he was biting, hard, into the space between her shoulder and her neck and her vision whited out as a cry choked out of her. He persisted, not letting her go as she cried out over and over, until she felt him shaking in her grasp and her eyes stared widely at the ceiling. He collapsed on top of her, his arms loosening slightly, and she took in a deep breath. Her mind was still swimming with him, like a dam had broken. Oh gods, could it ever be put back? Eventually he brought himself to his elbows, and slowly, carefully, slipped out of her. She sighed, a part of her traitorously distraught at the sudden loss of him, and he rolled over onto his side beside her as her mind still raced, still caught in the feeling coursing through her body. She didn't look at him as his fingers went to brush the hair from her face, and she heard him, felt him, sigh contentedly. Gently he pulled her towards him, and she didn't fight it, curling into his side as he held her close, in both body, mind, and soul . His fingers traced over the bruises slowly appearing on her skin and his irritation spiked through her. She didn't want to see what he'd done to her…what she'd let him do to her….what she begged him to do. Her hand closed in a fist as it rested over his heart, and his own rose up to close around it, lifting it up to leave a soft kiss along her knuckles before putting it back again. He wouldn't let her go. What was he doing to her? What had he done? She closed her eyes and sighed. She felt him there. She would always feel him there. And she knew his satisfaction at it. And he knew her reluctant need, especially now, to have him there. The fact he wasn't even smug about it in this moment, of all moments, made her even more furious. "I hate you," she said finally, the hum between her cheek and his chest under it desperate to lull her. His hand ran through her hair. "That's alright," he replied. Rey felt as if she were going to break- break and shatter and fall completely into him. She raised herself up to look at him. "No it isn't…no it isn't ," she insisted. He watched her eyes tear up and the pain that lanced through her just added fuel to the fire. He wasn't allowed to be so without guile. This wasn't right, couldn't be right! His face became almost desperate as his hand cupped her cheek and his arm snaked back around her waist, holding her naked form against him and he sighed at the feel of her there. She shook her head against his palm and he brushed her cheek with his thumb, pushing calm and anything else he had towards her, to sooth her. Everything he had- it was hers now. Only hers. "Shhh, shhh," he cooed, leaning up to kiss the wetness that glistened beneath each of her hazel eyes. "B—…" she whimpered again, unable to say the rest of that name that wouldn't unstick from her lips "Shhh…." he repeated again, "Yes it is…." Chapter 2 : Friends Notes: "Fic prompt in the hate marriage. Maybe Kylo trying to do something nice for her, but his idea of nice is questionable. Like one of those "well he tried" moments." --reylorobyn2011 This turned into a behemoth, but here you go! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) They’d been together for a month. And although they spent most of their nights together, compelled by their bond, by the Force, and… other things, they almost never saw each other during the day. As his bride, Rey had full privileges in their compound- she could go and do whatever she wished. That accord had been hard-won on Kylo’s part- or so he claimed- despite his consolidation of power. He still had generals and officials to convince. Her days had taken up a pattern- eat, walk, train, try to convince the servants she didn’t need that much food at midday, and then scour through the palace’s impressively expansive library. Orderly and predictable. Out of all the places on the grounds, she seemed to spend most of her time in the study, especially when recently there seemed to be a bit of a chill in the air that made her shiver despite the sweat running across her skin from training. She spoke little to anyone. It was mostly by choice, but also due to the fact that her reputation earned her a wide berth from most everyone she passed. So she was surprised to find another person, another human, another girl , seated in the area she normally occupied at that hour. Rey halted, staring at her. Should she continue on with what she had planned to do or order her out? She’d been hardened by the last year of the war, but she liked to think she still had her decency- despite recent developments. Rey looked away and walked past, continuing on to the shelf she left off at last time, when there was the scratch of wood against wood and the rustling of skirt fabrics. “Forgive me, your Imperial Highness!” an airy, high-pitched voice called out. “I did not see you come in, forgive me!” Rey turned to see the girl standing now, bent low in a bow and hands folded neatly over her skirts. The silky, flowing things seemed to be the fashion for females on this planet, but Rey couldn’t really bring herself to participate. Her trousers and twills garnered her side-eyed glances, but she really didn’t care. “It’s nothing,” she said finally, wishing she would just stand up already. “Forget it. Pretend I’m not here and please carry on.” Somehow the girl bowed even lower before rising up, averting her eyes, and returning to her tome. Rey sighed quietly to herself and turned back to the shelf. Grabbing up a nearby volume, one that hadn’t been touched in ages by the amount of dust caked on it, she took it to the sitting area, careful to sit as far away from the other patron as possible. She cracked it open- ‘The Pre-History of Naboo’ “If it’s alright to ask, Empress…” she heard her say. Rey turned in the direction of the voice. “What is it?” “If I may so humbly ask what Empress is reading, I would be most interested,” she said, meekly ducking her head as she did so. This girl seemed to have had manners and submissiveness beaten into her. Were all the women like this? “Please,” she said finally. “Call me Rey.” A tiny sound came out of her as she ducked her head again. “Neera!” she blurted out. “I am called Neera, your Imperial Hi— I mean Rey. Rey…” she repeated, and Rey could have swore she saw a small smile creep onto Neera’s lips. She shook her head briefly. “It’s an old history book about Naboo. They haven’t been transferred to the digital catalogue yet, so I’ve been reading them here.” “Oh, I see…” Neera replied. Her eyes seemed to dart along the floor- still too afraid to look at her, and Rey sighed. After a moment of silence, she thumbed past the expansive index page. “The prehistoric inhabitants of Naboo had barely mastered electricity by the time—“ “Rey?” came the voice again. Rey held her breath, trying to push away her frustration, before turning back towards the girl. “What is it, Neera?” “Ahh…” she began. Rey could feel the nervousness pouring off of her. “Would the book have anything to do with the Emperor? After all, his grandmother was Queen of Naboo.” Rey frowned. Queen? “Why do you ask?” she said finally. This seemed to spook her and she shook her head suddenly, mumbling off an almost incoherent apology as she shifted herself in another direction and stuck her head back into whatever she was reading. It wasn’t long before she closed up the tome completely, bowed, and took her leave. Strange girl… she thought to herself as she turned the page. But she hadn’t been completely useless. Kylo had a grandmother . Well of course he did. She imagined she had one, too, somewhere. But that she had been a queen of this planet seemed to explain a few things- namely why he’d chosen to make this planet the capital for his sector. Rey hummed to herself and thumbed to the next page. That evening as she rested her head on his shoulder and her fingers traced along the slowly bleeding claw marks she’d left in her husband’s chest (entirely his fault, she told herself), her mind wandered until his hand wound its way into her hair. “So what did you do today?” he asked casually. Rey scoffed. “I don’t know why you ask me that question every day. You receive your ‘reports’,” she bit off. “You know nothing changes.” He brushed his cheek against her forehead before snatching up one of her fingers, now stained a dark red color, and putting it in his mouth. She watched him as he sucked her fingers clean, and when he pulled them free, he rested them wetly against the crook of his neck. “Really? Nothing out of the ordinary?” Rey frowned and huffed. “The library,” she confessed finally, shifting back to where she didn’t have to look at him. “Someone was in there. There usually isn’t. That’s all.” “Oh,” was all he replied. And I heard your grandmother was a Queen of Naboo… her brain rather traitorously supplied, but she threw up several walls in her mind before the thought could leak through and Kylo shifted beneath her as he felt himself locked out. “What are you thinking about, Rey?” he asked. His voice was hoarse, rough and low, and she hated the sound of it as much as she knew he hated being pushed away from her because he always took it as a challenge instead of what it really was- a bid for privacy. He shifted down as he pulled her up, and buried his face in her neck, causing her to gasp against him and her own better judgement. “Nothing,” she struggled to reply levelly. He hummed against her skin, and since she knew he couldn’t see it, she closed her eyes as her mouth fell open. “Well we’ll just have to see…” He pulled the covers over them. In the morning, she tugged at her sleeves, careful to cover the edges over a rather sensitive mark on her shoulder, when she very nearly barreled into Neera in the passageway. “Oh!” she cried, and her voice was even airier than she remembered. “Your Imp- Rey! Rey, I’m so sorry, forgive me.” Rey worked to collect herself as she noticed the girl before her now snatching glances at her face instead of staring totally at the floor. “It’s quite alright, Neera,” she assured her. “Where are you in such a hurry to?” “Oh! Well…” Neera fidgeted nervously. “I was…ahh…on my way to the notary, and—“ Rey frowned. “The notary is in the opposite wing, not this one. In fact,” she continued, taking a step closer, “this is the private administrative wing of the Emperor’s household. This is not a place for you to be.” Neera’s eyes grew wide and suddenly she was averting them back to the ground. “Apologies, your Imperial Highness, my sincerest apologies. I have become completely turned around, truly, and I beg your forgiveness, I—“ Rey nodded in slight agitation and found the only thing she could do was wave the poor girl off when she couldn’t get a word in edgewise. It must’ve been a fluke, running into the same noblewoman twice- because surely that’s what she was if she was inside the palace. Soon enough, however, her routine took back over, blotting out any thought, and it was back to practice, back to meals, back to reading, back to submitting to the only thing that would quiet the irritating itch at the very back of her mind every evening. It wasn’t until the next day that she’d gone out to the training grounds in a rare heatwave for the season that, deep in her forms and absorbed by the Force more than she had been since she’d arrived that Neera came stumbling back into her space, and right into the path of her lightsaber. The tip glowed blue at the frozen woman’s throat just as Rey’s eyes shone an almost brilliant white. “You!” she hissed. The girl whimpered, eyes wide and glued to the sight of the ancient blade inches from searing her skin. Rey had opened herself up fully to the Force, and it flowed through her like an open channel- her mind was only partially focused on her physical self, with more of it flying free into the far reaches of the universe and beyond. Rey’s eyes widened and she tilted her head to the side. “Why do you constantly appear around me?” she demanded harshly, her grip tightening on her weapon. Tears flowed down the woman’s cheeks, her fear thick. “You have ulterior motives,” she declared more than asked. She felt a pleasing spike pass through her and knew herself to be correct. “ What are they?” she bit out, and Neera’s knees finally gave out, causing her to collapse in a heap and only just nearly miss the hum of the saber in Rey’s hands. “By all the old gods, spare me!!” Neera choked out. She stared at her in terror and Rey didn’t quite understand. “I asked you a question,” she repeated. Neera only shook her head, sobbing. “The Emperor, the Emperor…” she cried over and over, and the all-consuming power that had filled Rey suddenly tinted to red. Kylo…? She didn’t remember leaving. The few people she encountered in the halls seemed to scurry from her path. She had only enough coherence to switch off her saber by the time she slammed open his meeting room doors with the Force and terrifying the officials gathered. Kylo turned to her in surprise before sitting back casually in his seat, as if this happened every day. “Is everything alright, Rey?” he asked calmly. GET THEM OUT. Kylo winced as she screamed in his head, and slowly he nodded. “Alright…alright, gentlemen, ladies, we’ll have to continue this another time. If you please….” It didn’t take much for them to silently pack up and scatter, the door quietly clicking shut behind them. Kylo sat with his hands folded, staring up at his wife. He looked at her with a sort of curious wonder that somehow irritated her even more. “Stand up,” she ordered. With a sigh, and to her passive satisfaction, he obeyed. It took only a second for her to close the distance and bring her hand hard across his cheek. She didn’t put the Force behind it- it was all her that had him leaning over from the blow. “Don’t you ever, ” she enunciated, “meddle in my affairs again.” His hand rose up to cover his cheek, head still tilted away. “You weren’t speaking to anybody,” he said quietly. “ What?? ” “You’ve made no acquaintances since you’ve been here,” he continued slowly, eyes glancing towards her from under his bangs. She shifted back in mild surprise. “What of it?” He sighed, lowering his hand as he turned back towards her. “As much as I revel in the fact that I seem to be the only one you share your thoughts with, as… charming …as they often are, if you’re to survive here, if you’re to thrive, you need to make friends, Rey.” Rey’s face contorted in disbelief. “What are you saying? That you ordered her to follow me so that we’d be ‘friends’??” Kylo closed his eyes and plaintively held up his hands. “I sensed a disturbance, earlier, as if something, or someone, were sucking up the Force into them,” he said with a frown. “Was it you?” He had the gall to change the subject. She blinked. “I was training,” she reasoned. “Rey…” he said softly, stepping towards her. While she was locked in her fury she didn’t notice her energy start to drop, and although she felt the urge to move away from his approach, she forced herself not to. “Rey, your eyes are glowing .” Rey stared up at him, convinced he was a liar, until she saw the reflection of herself in his own eyes peering back at her in muted excitement. “What were you doing? ” he whispered in almost conspiratorial tones. She swallowed. “Nothing!” she insisted nervously. “I wasn’t doing anything! It was the Force, it just—“ He shook his head, silencing her. “May I?” he asked, holding up his hands. Rey wasn’t sure what he intended to do, but she could feel help and curious and sooth come from him, and that last one in particular…it didn’t seem so bad. Making up her mind, she looked up at him with a vague sort of worry on her face and nodded. Standing up to his full height, he slowly rested his hands on her shoulders and hissed. The power coursing inside her was enormous, and with no battle or forms or anything to express itself out from her with- the farthest it’d gotten was Rey’s strike across his cheek- it was burning inside her. He closed his eyes, and with a shift, worked to come up with a solution. “Hmm, you can’t stay like this,” he said finally. “It’s consuming you.” “What do I do?” “Anything. Any strong emotion to work it out. Your emotions drew it in to begin with.” “But I cleared my mind!” “Well obviously you didn’t do it well enough.” Opening his eyes, he looked down at her, and her eyes, still slightly shining, stared back. He took in a shuddering breath. “You’re so powerful, Rey…let me help you.” His eyes were doing that thing again, that thing where she felt trapped and cornered but at the same time couldn’t bring herself to look away. How did a man so cold have eyes so emotive? “Help me…how?” She knew asking was a mistake, but the second his lips fell on hers and his hand trailed up her spine in just the way that always made her open up to his mouth, she felt one familiar feeling pass into her and another more aggressive pressure evaporate off of her. She sighed against his tongue as it pressed further into her, and as her arms wrapped around his neck, he stooped down to quickly scoop up her legs to hold them to either side of his hips. He set her on the meeting table, flimsies still covering the surface as Rey’s mind reveled in the new sensation of this power, her power, being used up around her, and she didn’t loosen her grip as she leaned back, taking him with her, and pressing the hardness apparent in his trousers right against her center. It felt so much better , somehow, and with every brush of his fingers against her flesh as he worked her shirt up over her breastband, she found herself gasping as he shuddered against her. “What have you done , Rey? How have you come to be this shining light…?” She couldn’t help but grind herself against him and the moan that choked out of him actually thrilled her. And oh , it didn’t burn so much anymore- he was right, it was working. She pushed against him harder, and soon his hands were shaking, fumbling for the ties to both their pants until she curled her legs around him and pulled them so closely together he could no longer get purchase to work. “ Rey ,” he choked out almost desperately. “We can’t,” she breathed out. His furious disbelief at her denial sliced through her, but to his credit, he seemed to swallow it back when he spoke. “Why?” he asked finally. “You would deny me this pleasure? Of having you when you’re this close to the Force?” She pulled him tighter. “I would deny you everything,” she replied, and he gaped at her in mild shock when she, legs still wrapped in a vice around him, pushed herself up off the conference table to sit. She hooked her arms around her neck, pulling herself up and slamming her lips against his. He wrapped his arms around her, letting her take from him, almost with a sigh of relief, when she slowly lowered her legs, pushed back against the edge of the table, and released his neck to drop herself back onto her feet on the floor. She stepped back, taking in the sight of him completely disheveled, hair a mess, and trousers half loosened. She took in several deep breaths and slid the edge of her hand against her lips, as if she could wipe him off. “Stay out of my business,” she said finally, “And don’t come to me tonight.” She knew he was still caught in his arousal for her, the idea of her willingly pressing herself against him and also of the Light she seemed to have called inside her calling in turn to him like a siren’s song he’d do anything to follow. It’s why she was glad she didn’t feel his all-consuming rage nearly plough her into the corridor wall until the door behind her clicked shut, and why she pressed on down the hall away from that room even as others ran towards it as they heard furniture smashing and the hum of an unstable saber. He’d learn, she told herself. He’d learn to leave her be. Or he’d never see her alone again. Notes: Send your hate-married AU prompts to my inbox at these-are-the-first-steps.tumblr.com ! All the cool kids are doing it. Chapter 3 : Party Notes: "Hate-marriage AU where Kylo finally takes wifey poo out to some kind of party/gathering and Rey (being inexperienced both with drinking and flirtation in general) has some weird drunk experimental flirt fest with another lady while Kylo's away for a minute XD Why am I like this It was a small party, diplomatic, arranged to show that the new leader of one of the largest sectors of civilized space wasn’t some demon with a thousand eyes and swords for hands like the legends about Kylo Ren during the days of the War had claimed. Although he had come around to the advice that it was a necessary affair, he still felt exposed without his mask. He’d had to retire it along with all the legends. It was his first formal event in a public relations setting, but by no means his first as sitting Emperor. Rey had come with him to those as well- she had to- but she had chosen to sit either in stoic silence or engage in scripted pleasantries for only as long as she had to. Kylo reminded her that as Empress, she didn’t need to participate in small-talk at all, but apparently even that was going too far for her tastes. Tonight, however, whether it was due to a new crowd or the sheer number of people, he didn’t know, but for a change she actually seemed to be enjoying herself. The ambassador for Corellia droned on in front of him as he watched his wife take another large sip of a bubbly alcoholic drink with a quirk of his lips. “Do you like it?” he said to her suddenly, disregarding the man speaking in front of him. Rey raised her brows as she turned to look at him, keeping the glass pressed to her lips. “Me?” she asked with a surprising amount of innocence. He smiled and nodded. She shrugged. “It’s not bad,” she concluded. He regarded her thoughtfully. “In what way?” he asked. In the beginning when they had shared meals together, he couldn’t get her to touch any of the drinks, but now, watching her gulp from her glass, he was intrigued at what could have swayed her. Rey’s cheeks dimpled as she looked at the pale liquid, bubbles bursting at the surface, and Kylo felt a slight heat rush to his cheeks. She looked up at him squarely. “It doesn’t have an after-taste,” she declared, and she emptied out the glass. His eyes widened. Was that really all? As a server passed through with a tray filled with the drink, he flagged them down and took two, carefully replacing her empty glass with a full one and keeping the second for himself- for investigational purposes. “And where do you hail from, your Imperial Highness?” the ambassador suddenly chimed in, and Kylo’s shoulders stiffened at the sound of his voice. He just had to butt in… “If you’ll forgive my frankness,” the man continued, “Not much is known about our Empress, besides her heroic feats from the War.” Kylo turned, a sneering remark on the tip of his tongue, when he felt a small hand grasp the fabric covering his arm in an iron grip and looked to see Rey smiling sweetly at the indelicate idiot. “Jakku,” she replied. Kylo pursed his lips. You don’t have to tell them that— he started to shoot towards her, when the man opened his gaping maw again. “Jakku?” he rumbled in a scoff-turned-laugh. “I wasn’t aware of there being a royal line on that planet.” Kylo was seeing red when Rey nearly yanked him towards her in the most transparent display of false affection he’d yet been party to, was sure the other people would see straight through, but all they did was smile politely and Rey smile back. “Yes, didn’t you know?” she said with a practiced tilt of her head. Kylo arched a brow. “I’m queen of the scrap!” He watched as the ambassador found himself caught in confusion before paling significantly. Kylo was too lazy to investigate whatever conclusion he had come to, because Rey had lifted the glass to her mouth again and was laughing into the liquid. A little dribbled down her chin and she squeaked as she quickly pulled the glass back. He had the overwhelming urge to lick it away. Instead he raised his thumb calmly and brushed it dry. Rey didn’t seem to notice at all. He’d lost track of how many glasses she’d had. “Oh here she is!” Kylo pulled his eyes away in time to see a pretty blonde thing sidle up to the portly politician. “Oh,” she said breathily, observing him. “Your Imperial Highness, I apologize for intruding,” she said with a low curtsy. Kylo cleared his throat. “This is a party. It’s impossible to intrude. You’re the ambassador’s wife?” She smiled prettily and looked with a starry gaze at her husband. “I do believe I have that honor, yes.” They stared at each other for a disgustingly long time, and Kylo watched as the large man’s hand brushed slowly up and down the woman’s arm. He looked over at Rey who had become preoccupied with tipping the liquid in her glass as close as possible to her nose and giggling quietly whenever one of the bubbles popped near it. Glancing back at the couple, he was almost jealous. “But forgive my manners,” she said suddenly, turning to them. “Is this the famous Rey of the Resistance?” Rey perked up at the sound of her name for a change, and slowly lowered the glass away from her face. “Yes, this is the Empress,” he replied with gentle correction. The woman glanced at him sheepishly and bobbed her head before turning back to Rey with a beaming smile. “I’ve heard so much about you, Empress! I’ve always wanted to ask you…” It was like magic. Kylo watched in awe and mild suspicion as Rey eagerly listened to this stranger and actually seemed to engage in the conversation. For an ambassador’s wife, her knowledge of minute details about famous battles from the war, and even some battleships, was impressive, and Rey answered her questions with enthusiasm. She almost seemed like her old self… Lost in thought as he observed them, he hardly noticed when one of his officers touched gently at his elbow to get his attention. “Your Imperial Highness….” Kylo looked towards him, and as the man delivered his message in hushed tones, Kylo scowled miserably which caught Rey’s eye. They both shared a look. What is it? Stupid small things. People are idiots. Are you going? I have to. Briefly. Rey fidgeted slightly as she looked at her husband and swished her drink in her glass. Should I come with you? There’s no need. Stay here. Talk to her. You like her, don’t you? She’s less boring than the others. Rey paled slightly. Sometimes when they spoke in that way, her thoughts came more harshly than intended. Kylo gave her a small smile. “I’ll be back in a moment,” he said aloud and, nodding to Rey, he walked from the group and followed the officer out and back into the main compound. “What is it?” he growled harshly as he entered the security control room. The men seated at the monitors jumped at the sound of his voice, and the satisfaction it gave him slightly assuaged his irritation. It had taken fifteen minutes to solve what had been a faulty security alarm problem. When the alarm had continuously given the silent alert for no obvious reason, they suspected some form of foul play and the Emperor was called. He had told them in the beginning that security was his top priority- despite the war being over and peace being virtually assured, a part of him was still terrified that a speck of the Resistance might still exist. That they might still try one last suicidal attempt at getting to him. Or worse, reclaiming Rey. But this was ridiculous. Once it was sorted and threats had been issued to all involved for wasting several high officials’ time, not to mention the Emperor’s, the only thing that kept him from punching an overly decorated wall on his way out was the strange sensation bleeding out of Rey from the ballroom. Finally finding her again, nothing could have prepared him for the sight of her virtually draped over the ambassador’s wife, twirling a section of her hair in her fingers. The ambassador himself looked suitably mortified, and his wife…well, she looked entertained if not a little nervous. But this was the Empress - no one could deny her. “Your hair is such a pretty color,” Rey whined forlornly as she flicked it between her fingers. “I used to be sick to death of this color on the sand dunes, but it’s so lovely on you, and your eyes!” she wheezed, propping herself up just enough on the poor woman’s shoulder to place sticky hands on either side of her face to get a better look. “I’ve never seen eyes that color before. The color of the sky….” Rey was lost in her own sea of alcohol-muddled thoughts, and the woman looked back and blushed . Brushing stealthily against Rey’s mind revealed a rather pleasant simplicity to her thoughts- Rey found her exotic looking. Shifting his attention to the much more sober object of her compliments, however, yielded somewhat more dangerous intentions. Deciding to forego another drink, he casually walked up to the pair, blocking them both from view. “Hello,” he said amicably. Rey looked up lazily, blinking several times before her eyes could focus and she narrowed them pronouncedly at him. “ You were gone for ages,” she accused. “Why don’t you go back?” she mumbled, resting her chin on the woman’s shoulder. Kylo watched as the blonde’s hand seemed to creep up Rey’s back. He smirked. “You know I can’t leave without you, Rey,” he said quietly. He almost shuddered at the thought of how many times he had said those words, and that he was saying them here, now, at a diplomatic party briefly caused his head to spin. When she didn’t respond, however, he slowly grabbed her dangling wrist and lifted it up and around his neck, gradually disentangling her from the other woman, until Rey was slumped heavily against him. Despite her previous thoughts, the woman looked almost relieved. “Come on,” he urged, wrapping an arm around her waist, and she groaned. “Ohh, I hate you,” she grumbled. Kylo looked up and around instantly at the small crowd that had gathered and they quickly averted their eyes. Well, there was no stopping them from seeing it. “Not in front of our guests, sweetheart,” he replied with a snide smirk. Rey’s head lolled as Kylo tried and failed to walk her forward. Part of him was convinced she must be doing it on purpose. With a low growl, he ducked down and swept up her legs, careful to tuck her skirt beneath them, and hoisted her up into his arms. She groaned louder this time, and flailed backwards despondently. “Do you have to be so dramatic?” he mumbled “Now I really hate you,” she moaned, and a hiccup suddenly leapt its way out of her throat, catching her entirely off guard and compelling her to sit up properly in his arms. She frowned pointedly at it. “I didn’t know you could hate me any more than before,” he replied dryly, taking a few cautious steps forward. She hiccuped again. “Why is this happening?” she whined, clutching at her throat as another one came. Kylo huffed with a smile. “Don’t tell me you’ve never had the hiccups before.” “The what?” she asked sadly, and whined as it happened again. “Ben?” she asked almost desperately, clutching at his robes. He frowned at the sound of that name. “Shush. Let’s get out of here.” As Rey’s world was apparently ending, he moved quickly through the crowd. At least her appearing to want to be in his arms as she clung to him, he thought, helped offset her previous and rather loud claims, but as he took the needy, hiccuping mess back into their wing of the palace, he made a mental note to never lose track of how many glasses she’d had again. Chapter 4 : Late Notes: "In the hate married AU, does either/both Kylo and Rey go through depressive episodes/anxiety attacks/other episodic emotion along that vein? It seems like something that would be plausible. If so, how do they deal with it?" -Anon They do, but for different reasons. Let’s…look at Rey since her’s is coming the most easily to me right now… She was late. Didn’t she know he’d come looking for her when she was late? He paced around his chambers, barefoot, in nothing but a simple robe. His hands clenched and unclenched themselves at his sides. Where could she be ?? His mind ran through a dozen, two dozen, scenarios. They either made him panic or furious. He was so tempted to reach out to her, use their bond to pinpoint her, but it had been a week since he’d agreed to try and give her space- to send for her if he wanted to see her like a normal human being- and not take advantage of their ties in the force unless absolutely necessary. It was the condition, this removal of mental intimacy, under which she agreed to sleep with him again. He hated it. “Bah!!” he growled sharply, and flung out his hand. An archaic weapon on a nearby wall shook violently before rattling free of its display and flying into Kylo’s hand- an ancient lightsaber. He clenched it with white knuckles before ripping his robe off and snatching up his discarded trousers left on the floor. Pulling them on, he went to holster the weapon and cursed when he remembered that he no longer wore a clip anymore, that he was Emperor, and, panting heavily with teeth bared, he held the thing in front of him and thumbed it on. The bright green blade flickered briefly before mellowing out to a smooth hum. Kylo stared at it, stared into it, contemplating very hard between destroying the room or willing himself calm. He needed his wife. And he knew she wouldn’t let him into her rooms. His thumb gripped the metal harder as he tried to slow his breathing, tried to think rationally about how to go about finding her without somehow managing to offend her again- something he discovered he was unerringly good at, and something else that also seriously pissed him off. Nothing he ever did was good enough. Nothing. He squeezed his eyes shut, and used the last shred of his patience to physically will himself calm. When he opened his eyes again, his mouth fell slightly slack, and with a click, the saber’s blade retreated. He didn’t bother with more clothes. This was his house. He’d do as he damn well pleased, he thought, as he swung the door to his rooms open. An attendant waited just outside. “Your Imperial Highness?” he said with a flourishing bow. Kylo felt his nerves spark up again. “The Empress. Where is she?” Without missing a beat, the servant replied, “Last reported location, my Emperor, is in the terrace gardens.” He face scrunched in disbelief. “ What? It’s the middle of the night!” The servant quickly bowed. “It is, my Emperor.” With a quick flick of his head, Kylo blanched suddenly and his voice grew faint. “Is she with someone?” The servant did not move from his submissive position. “…no, my Emperor. She is alone.” Kylo pursed his lips together and started down the hall. No one said a word as he marched shirtless, his bare feet slapped against the marble, through the corridor, into a small, side stairwell, and bounded up the steps. As he got closer to the top, he slowed his pace and quieted his step. He wanted to see for himself what she was up to, what she thought she was doing , after she had agreed to come back to him. Kylo reached the doorway and did his best to flatten himself against the wall as he peered past, somewhat aided by the darkness. His view was only partially obscured as Rey seemed to leap and bound in fanciful, unidentifiable sword forms as she fought across the narrow garden. Her blade was purple today, and not once did he see her singe a single plant. She hacked and slashed and twirled and it was…beautiful. Where has she learned this? That is, until she took a rather aggressive swipe, made with gritted teeth- one that he knew, somehow, wasn’t a part of this delicate dance- and it tripped her up, literally, causing her blade to shutter and her to collapse into a tired heap on the ground. What he wasn’t expecting was the wail. It pierced through the night above the palace, and for the first time in several days he felt like he could almost feel her again. He watched as she cried out once more, hand beating at the grass before taking a handful of it up, ripping it from the ground, before slamming to down again. She sobbed, until something in her head seemed to click and she looked up, blotchy faced, at the grassy carnage trapped in her fist. He ducked closer behind the door frame again as her face pointed in his direction, but could still see as she brought her fist to her chest and slowly, carefully, opened her fingers. She poked and prodded at the shards of grass, before the tears came again, and she cried in earnest. She was crying over grass . He knew this wasn’t right. Knew her too well to believe that this was some strange passing thing. He was nearly desperate, now, to go to her, talk to her, feel her, and get to the bottom of it. It isn’t yours to get to the bottom of. Dammit, she was his wife, wasn’t she?? Didn’t he have that right??? Her cries had been reduced to whimpers as she slumped back down against the grass. The tears stopped and her breath evened. With her hands curled slightly in front of her, grass still clinging, he watched as she slipped off into sleep. He pulled himself more fully from behind the doorway and looked at her with a frown. Very blatantly breaking their agreed upon rules, he did brush his mind against hers, just to know, just to be sure , that she really was asleep. Satisfied, he came out from his hiding place. Oh Rey , he began to himself, too stubborn to say anything aloud as he padded up to her prone form. Why are you even out here? Why won’t you talk to me? He crouched down to get a better look at her face. Even in sleep, it continued to crease in a frown. Was she always like this? Even during the war? Why did a part of him keep saying that she wasn’t? That maybe it was all his fault? Nothing I ever do is good enough. That ageless irritation spiked through him then as he brought his hand to hover over her head. Sorry, Rey. Although she was already asleep, he couldn’t risk her waking back up. She was supposed to be down in his chambers with him , screaming under his ministrations. But instead she was out here without him. Clearly– He sighed. Satisfied that she was properly under, he gently rolled her onto her back, placed both their weapons in her lap, and slid his arms beneath her before lifting her up. He rolled her head towards his chest and slowly brought her down the narrow stairway. Rey would often ask him, when she was particularly mad, why the force had to tie her with him , why it had to tie her to anybody at all . It cut him every time she said that, and without fail he’d mention something about Jakku, something about Plutt and his disgusting, roving eyes (no longer roving, he told himself over and over with as much satisfaction as with relief), and he’d watch with sick pleasure as it would cut her just as deep. (Only he could somehow make a blessing seem like a curse, she’d continue to say) But tonight he realized that he was the one asking her question- if it was going to be like this, if she…if she could never feel for him…then why? Why this torture? For either of them? Why did this have to be her fate and why did she have to be his only weakness? As her attendants pushed her chamber doors open, maids eyeing her unconscious form with a great deal of trepidation before being put back in their place with a stern look from their ruler, he found himself admitting that she was probably right. They didn’t follow them inside- they knew better than that. And he laid her down as gently as he could onto her bed. He’d only been in her chambers a few times- originally to see to its preparation, and twice to seek her out himself, which she’d hated. Well, she’d just have to get over it this time, if she ever found out. He wouldn’t let a servant touch her- not when she was like this. He pulled their weapons from her lap and set them down on the nightstand as he looked back towards her. Even if she hated him more than anyone else in the entire universe, he realized, examining the slight set of her lips and the upwards sweep of her lashes that left soft shadows on her skin, he’d still do this. She was deep in the sleep of the force, so she couldn’t protest when, just for a moment, he climbed in beside her. Pulling her close, she slumped against his shoulder in a sad mockery of intimacy. Holding his arm tighter around her, he didn’t care. He laid there, on his back, with her against him, and sighed. “I’m sorry, Rey,” he said to the ceiling, and he gave her a light squeeze. Looking back down at her, he ducked low and pressed a firm kiss against her forehead. He stayed there for a moment, letting his lips linger, before quickly disentangling himself and leaving her rooms. Insecurities ran through him as her doors shut behind him and his own opened ahead of him. Stripping off his trousers again, he leaned over his bed, hanging his head. I’ve screwed this up somehow. When Rey awoke the next morning, she found herself on her stomach nearly fully clothed, arm outstretched across the bed as if she were trying to reach out for someone who wasn’t even there. She pulled it back towards her, inadvertently dragging herself forward slightly, as she took in a deep breath against the sheets. Gods , now even her bed smelled like him. How?? She could feel the tears coming back again as she buried her face deeper into the spot. Taking in a shaky breath, she squeezed her eyes shut and her fingers grabbed at the sheets. She just wasn’t allowed to get away. Notes: Send me prompts for this fic on tumblr at these-are-the-first-steps.tumblr.com! 8D