Exceeding Expectations Summary: Saphren Varien has been waiting to start Advanced Officers Training for ages, and has finally been accepted. Unfortunately, she seems to have rubbed General Hux the wrong way. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) 32 ABY New Arkanis Conservatory - Bathras 9 - The Unknown Regions I stared at my reflection in the mirror, seeing a different person than expected. Gone were the hollow cheeks and prominent bones, the darkness below my eyes, the pinched worry. Gone also, was the fresh faced youth with shining green eyes and the sly smile that I had expected to return. Instead, the remnants of my past had laid claim to my features and left me with a new face entirely. Silver mixed with auburn in the sleek bun at the nape of my neck, small scars and wrinkles had taken the smoothness away from my young skin. The officers cap shielded my hair from view, and tasteful makeup masked many of my imperfections. The scar that curved from temple to cheek, however, was not so easily hidden, faint though it was. The Civil War had taken a great many things from me, as war is wont to do. I had been luckier than most. When the dust had settled, I was still standing, and my family had survived. That alone would have been a fair trade for beauty; but not only had I managed to keep what was dear to me, I had also gained a reputation… One that had given me far more opportunities than many could boast. I straightened my cap in the mirror one last time, brushed imaginary creases out of the black fabric of my uniform, and deemed myself ready. I turned heel on my regulation boots, grabbing my bag as I headed out the door. The clipped tones of Lieutenant Leraux filtered from speakers above, announcing that Shuttle 23-28-C was due to depart in twenty minutes. I made my way to the carrier, passing troopers and enlisted officers as they headed to relieve the night shift. A few nodded as I passed, and I even received a few shouts of congratulations and well wishes. I suppressed a smile and the blush on my cheeks. Normally a departure such as this wouldn't have been considered an accomplishment. Their attention was embarrassing, but deep down I was grateful for it. The carrier was full of technicians going about their normal duties, and I waited patiently for a group of five to finish their systems check on the shuttle before boarding. I was the only passenger waiting, the benefit (or disadvantage?) of being early. I watched as they bustled through the echoing room, their orange vests bright splashes of color in the stark white and grey room. I closed my eyes briefly, suddenly tired. “So you’re off, then?” I stifled a jump, Relion had sidled up beside me, completely silent. I looked down at her, as she rocked back and forth on her heels, her arms behind her back. Her jumpsuit was too large on her, the legs and arms puffing at the ends of her limbs. She was an incredibly skilled technician, aided by the fact that she was the only one small enough in her department to get to some of the really tough places. Unlike many of the personnel at the Conservatory, she was not here for training and just passing through, this was her assigned station. She had been a shy, quiet, but almost constant companion during my year and a half here. “I don’t know why you don’t just put in a request, Relion. You’re the best technician here, they’d take you in a second.” She looked up at me with large eyes, as if she didn’t know how skilled she was, or how sought after she would be if the higher ups knew about her existence. “I’ve never thought about leaving before,” she said, softly. The until now was there, the silent admission plain on her face. “I’ll write.” She gave me a look, the one that said you know that’s not the same, but her face softened. She knew how much I wanted this. “You know, if you made friends with the other technicians, you wouldn’t have this problem.” The problem being that the only people she seemed to befriend were those on their 6 month training rotations. I had been here twice as long, and we’d become close. “Well…” She pouted, knowing that I was right. “You promise that you’ll write?” I tried not to roll my eyes. “Yes, once a week, as we discussed. More, if I can manage. I don’t know how busy I’ll be.” I paused, watching her as she stared at the technicians finishing with the shuttle. “But you can write me as much as you would like.” Relion smiled at me, giving me a quick embrace before going back to her duties. The other technicians disembarked, and I boarded the shuttle alone. I found a seat near the transparisteel, waiting as the others slowly filed in. Chiresa gave me a cheeky smile as she slid into the seat across from me, a minute before takeoff. I smiled back, waggling my eyebrows at her. She’d obviously slept in, her hair a mess, old makeup racooning her eyes. She had held a longtime post at the Conservatory, avoiding a transfer until now. I secretly wondered if she has pulled some strings to come with me. Unlike CH-1854, I had not been raised by the First Order. I had enlisted, spending six months in reprogramming and training, as was required. In the following year, I had applied for a new training position 13 times, and had been denied each and every time. I didn’t take it personally. It was easy to see why my transfer had been delayed: I was an outsider. No matter how exemplary my test scores were, or how many recommendations I had from my superior officers, I hadn’t been with the first order long enough to be trusted with the position I had applied for. I gripped the stabilizing bar as the shuttle skittered to life, the countdown to takeoff echoing in the small space. I’d only been with the First Order for nineteen months, and I was on my way to train at the most important facility they could boast. Nothing could stop the smile that broke across my face as we lifted off. The trip to the Destroyer above planet was short, and the shuttle docked. Before long I felt the tell-tale lurch of hyperspeed. I closed my eyes and listened to the chatter of those around me. I had been unable to sleep the night before, an unfamiliar anxiety deep in my gut keeping me from any semblance of rest. A voice I hadn’t heard since I was a child whispered to me: “What if you fail?” I had spent hours hushing the voice, rationalizing with the doubt that had creeped into the recesses of my mind. I had never had this feeling as an adult, not even when my life was on the line, not even when I was responsible for the lives of others. Though, perhaps that was because I knew I could not fail, and I didn’t allow for the thought of it. And then, just as I had begun to drift to sleep, I heard it again. “What if he doesn’t like you?” The absurdity of it had snapped me back into reality, pulling my brain from the encroaching sleep so quickly I had felt disoriented. I didn’t truly know who he was, or if he even really existed. Existed wasn’t the right word... I had not conjured a man from pure imagination, my roommates had seen him too. I knew he had tan skin and strawberry blonde hair, but the rest of it was speculation. I hadn’t thought of him much in the last year, telling myself that I hadn’t started on this path to find him. I had not joined the First Order in the hopes of finding a man, whose name I did not know. I had joined because I had discovered that I had talent in battle plans, in hand to hand combat, in leading forces. I had joined because I didn’t know how to go back to a normal life. But some incredibly small, hopeful part of me, thought that I would find him… That he hadn’t lied about being an Officer for the First Order, that he hadn’t just been trying to impress the drunk girl at the piss-poor local bar. I caught Chiresa’s helmet before it impacted with my gut, my eyes snapping open to glare at her jovial face. “Stop being such a lazy nerfherder! If I don’t get to nap, you don’t get to nap!” She tried to snap at me, but she was unable to sound serious and broke out into a fit of giggles. She knew I hadn’t been asleep, or she wouldn’t have risked throwing something at me. I had a tendency to lash out when woken up suddenly, of which she was full aware. Her nose was still crooked from when I had elbowed her in the face the first, and only time, that she had startled me while asleep. “Maybe you should take a nap, you wretch. Stayed out drinking late again, did we?” I asked, gesturing at her face. I felt it as we decelerated, coming out of hyperspace. “Mmmm, sure did!” She smirked, and I wondered which of her paramours had gotten to spend one last night with her. Her blue eyes shined. “You should have come! You would have had fun, you spoilsport.” At this, she actually looked miffed. It was an old argument, rehashed every few months. “You know that I don’t drink,” anymore, I added silently. “It’s a stupid rule you have, even Relion drinks!” I smiled at her, bracing as the shuttle deployed from the Destroyer and started its planetary descent. I’d told her I didn’t drink because I didn’t like the feeling, not after the war. The real reason I didn’t drink, was because deep down I felt like I had missed something major that night, something that would have changed my life forever… If I could just remember more about it... About him. “Next time I’ll come, I just won’t partake. How is that for a peace offering?” It seemed oddly reminiscent of events 3 years ago, but I brushed the feeling away. She looked pleased, and as if she was planning something. She thought she’d get me to loosen up if I was there, thought she could coerce me into behaving badly like she did with everything else. “Marvelous.” She smiled as her body swayed naturally with the ship, tucking her blonde hair up with pins. “Personnel of Shuttle 23-28-C, prepare to disembark,” said the speakers. We all rose to our feet, troopers to the right, officers to the left. Our bags were left by our seats as we all turned to face the door. “Oi, hand her here.” Chiresa gestured towards her helmet, but I held it in my left hand and gave her a confused look. She pointed more vigorously, and I held it out from my side. “Oh, this?” Her face darkened, and I knew she’d be plotting revenge. “I thought it was mine now. You did give it to me. Hmm?” She went to reach for it, and I extended my arm closer to the transparisteel. I heard someone chuckle behind us. “Perhaps you shouldn’t throw things, eh?” She kicked me lightly in the leg as the shuttle landed, and I handed it to her with a smile. She shoved it over her head just as the doors opened and we began to march. The frigid air hit me like a fist as we walked down the ramp, and I fought the urge to shield my eyes from how bright it was. We had arrived at Starkiller Base, with the sun shining down over masses of snow. After we had all filed out of the shuttle, we stood at attention, troopers facing officers, creating a row for the superior officers to walk down. I heard other drop offs occurring around us, envisioning the row extending far into the distance. By the time everyone was settled, the cold was worming its way under my uniform. “At ease!” The command rang out and echoed back from the tree-line. I dropped my hand from its salute, crossing my arms behind my back. I heard the crunch of the ice and snow as the group of superiors slowly moved down the line, watching as they came into my range of vision. General Hux was first, his arms folded behind his back, under his gaberwool great coat. He was incredibly pale, a shock of bright red hair visible under his cap. He somehow managed to walk with purpose, even as he slowly meandered down the row, surveying each person on either side as he walked. Behind him was Captain Phasma, in her ever rumored silver armor. She focused her attentions on the troopers, barely glancing toward my side of the line. A few officers in grey uniforms trailed behind, looking almost bored. The exception was a female officer that kept pace two steps behind General Hux, she watched him with rapt attention. She was beautiful, walking with grace even in a uniformed skirt and heels. I held my breath as the group reached me, waiting for them to pass. The General gave Chiresa a glance up and down, and then turned my direction, and stopped. He did a full body turn, even making a small step forward, boots crunching, and stood, staring at me. His face was stone cold, dismissive, almost as if he was looking at something stuck to his boot. I felt my gut drop as the dread built, and I tried to survey my appearance from memory. Had a pin come loose from my hair? Had I forgotten that I was wearing makeup and streaked it across my face? Or had Chiresa’s boot scuffed my pant leg? I felt the heat on my cheeks and hoped it would be construed as a byproduct of the cold. “Officer…” He left it as a question, one eyebrow arched, his cultured accent prominent. I snapped to attention, my hand saluting him before I could spare a second thought. “Specialist Saphren Varien, Sir.” I emphasized the ‘ren’ at the end of my name, as I always did, in an attempt to avoid the pronunciation issues that came about from the popular spice. This seemed to displease him further. He frowned, his eyes narrowed... Terror began flashing in the back of my mind. He held out a hand, and a datapad immediately appeared, courtesy of the pretty woman behind him. “Where did you enlist, officer?” He asked, almost sounding bored as he perused what I assumed was my file. “Asherah Prime, Sir.” He made a noncommittal noise in the back of his throat. “But you are not from Asherah Prime, are you, officer?” He asked, eyes flicking up from the datapad, his face incredibly serious, as if my answer would be the meaning of life. “No, Sir. I originally hail from K-V Seven-Seven, Sir.” He tensed, and then looked around as if he had suddenly just realized where he was. He coughed, handing the datapad back behind him. Delicate, polished hands retrieved it from over his shoulder. “Tell me, Officer Varien, what were your final scores for your review?” “Which time, Sir?” I winced as the words came rushing out. He wouldn’t care how many times I had taken the blasted course, he only wanted to know my most recent scores. He raised an eyebrow again, a sneer forming. “I exceeded all expectations, Sir.” I paused, watching as his face became less reserved, as his lips became a full sneer, as his eyebrows knit together. I cleared my throat. “11.2 B, 14 T, 10 D, 13 H, 13.5 S, 15 L… Sir.” I fought a smile as he looked surprised. He nodded slowly, as if he was questioning whether or not he should believe me. “That is satisfactory, Officer. At ease.” He turned and continued down the row, stopping a few officers down. His conversation with them did not seem nearly so strained, asking only his final scores and where he enlisted, and I wondered if I had done something to upset him without even realizing. Or perhaps I was being overly critical? Perhaps nerves had made it seem like he was attacking me personally? I fidgeted while I waited for them to finish, my toes beginning to stiffen with the cold. The barked dismissal could not have come soon enough, and I walked at a brisk pace to retrieve my bag. Once in the shuttle, Chiresa leaned close, whispering through her vocoder. “What did you do?!” She hissed, alarm evident even through the mask. So it wasn’t just me, then. “Believe me, I wish I knew.” Notes: Academy Test Scores: On a 15 point scale. B - Ballistics, T - Tactics, D - Data, H - Hand-to-Hand, S - Survival, and L - Leadership. A note on the title: Memory - From Latin 'Memor': “Recollection (of someone or something); awareness, consciousness.” Or Greek 'Merimna': “Care, thought.” Concern - From Latin 'Concernere': "Concern, touch, belong to." Greek 'Merimnaó': “Care, anxiety, and worry.” “At it’s root, Merimnaó means ‘to divide, to separate,’ and represents a mental state or condition in which someone is occupied with, or is dwelling upon something. The noun and verb forms of Merimnaó can convey either positive or negative understandings. In the positive, these words convey the idea of focused care. By contrast, their negative connotation conveys the idea of distraction in occupying the attention of the mind.” Chapter 2 : Who Names Themselves After a Bloody Beverage? Summary: Saphren's first day starts off a little rough, and only gets worse from there. 32 ABY Starkiller Base - The Unknown Regions 29 ABY Koschie Cantina - Kairos Vaas - The Unknown Regions “You’re drunk.” The words were deliciously soft, skin raising as his lips brushed my ear. One strong hand held both of mine, stopping their roaming. Fire burned deep in my gut, and I pressed my legs together with a whine. “And?” I thought I could feel his lips curve into a smile behind my ear. Though it seemed impossible, he leaned further into me, sending jitters down my spine. “What does it matter?” I asked in a daze. “It matters,” he paused, his other hand sliding down my arm. “Invite me to your bed when you are in full control of your faculties,” he whispered, my hair moving with his breath. “And I will come willingly.” I woke with a shudder, snapping upright, my lungs filling with heaved breaths. Glancing over at my new roommate, I verified that her form was totally still in the dim light. The fluttering pressure between my legs was uncomfortable, something that had been ignored for too long. I shivered as my sweat-soaked clothes began to cool, and I let myself fall back on the damp bedding. Reaching for my datapad, I stifled a groan as the time showed 0400. I silently rolled out of bed, snagging the bag I had left on the trunk at the end of my bed. Padding to the ‘fresher, bare feet slapping on cool metal, I checked that Ysable hadn’t moved. She slept, sprawled along the mattress with an arm thrown over her eyes, softly snoring. Satisfied, I stepped into the small room, only to hear her toss over when the light clicked on automatically. I sighed, smashing the button to the door with a little too much force. Dressing silently, I pulled on soft leggings and slid a tank-top over my torso as I toed on my regulation running shoes. I slipped out of the shared room, hoping that the flash of light from the hall didn’t wake Ysable. She was a stoic brunette that was already a few weeks into her training, and we’d spoken very little. She’d been kind enough to give me a tour of the base (at our superior officer’s insistence,) and I’d managed to get some small talk in. We’d spent the evening in our quarters, and she’d put up with small conversation, until she said: “lights out” promptly at 2200 and left me in darkness as she rolled over to sleep. I passed a few bored troopers on my way to the recreational facilities, standing throughout the halls on guard duty. I was fairly certain that at least one of them was sleeping as they leaned against a door frame, a breathy noise that sounded suspiciously like snoring coming from their vocoder. A base this size would always have a continuous personnel presence, but the halls to the gym were eerily quiet at this hour. I did laps on the track until my legs ached, until I forgot about the tension in my center. I knew I would regret it in a few hours, when I joined the other officers for our assigned training. I stretched and then found the mess hall, sitting down with a cup of caf and a heaping pile of the multi-nutritional slop being served. Officers were encouraged to drink nutritive beverages for their meals, but I wanted something more substantial before my shift. There were a few technicians and troopers sleepily chewing on their evening snack, but otherwise the room was deserted. I got up to retrieve a second cup of the black holy water, watching greedily as the steamy drink poured into my cup at the auto-fill station. I turned round to return to my table, startled to see General Hux standing a few feet behind me. He was unfairly put together at this ungodly hour, in full uniform no-less. There were no wrinkles in his uniform, not even a hair was out of place. But he looked tired, dark circles under his eyes. He was staring at me, one hand still holding an empty cup. The fingers that gripped it had turned white, and only then did my brain fully process. I snapped to attention, sloshing the caf over the edge of my cup. “General Hux! Good morning, Sir.” His mouth twitched and he walked around me to the machine, leaving me standing as I was. I waited, listening as the spout poured, as he tore open packets of sweetener, as he stirred creamer into his cup. He returned to stand in front of me, sipping at his doctored drink. He looked me over once more, disdain clear on his face. “Officer, might I suggest that you take more care to be properly attired when in the presence of others?” He took another drink. “One might misconstrue you to be something other than an Officer of the First Order.” His voice had gone low in warning. “Or, more concerning yet, they might realize, that you are, in fact, an Officer of the First Order. And then where would we be?” He asked, picking a non-existent piece of lint from his impeccable uniform and flicking it in my direction. He turned and walked away, only when he reached the exit did he yell over his shoulder. “At ease!” I sulked as I returned to my glob of food, sipping dishearteningly at my drink. I looked up, startled as someone slid into the seat across from me. She gave me a wide smile, bright blue eyes dancing in the light. Her platinum blonde hair was short but wavy, strands going every-which way. She dropped her food tray on the table, snatching up a fork as she leaned over her food as if she was guarding something precious. She gestured at me with the fork as she began to speak. “Alright, spill it. What’s all that about?” Once again, she used the fork as an extension of her arm, pointing towards the coffee machine. “Uhh… And who are you?” I asked, eyes narrowing slightly as she cracked another smile. “I’m your new friend! You’re going to need me, I assure you. Most people will avoid you, because of that.” She gestured wildly in the direction of where Hux had just been. “Erm… Alright. Shall I just call you ‘friend,’ then? Or do you have a name?” She gave me a cheeky smile, but seemed to pause. “You may call me Suria.” I looked down at the cup near her elbow, the dark liquid steaming. Surian tea had a pretty distinctive scent profile, and I felt my eyebrows rise. Deciding to say nothing, I looked back up at her, and she was chewing as if the slop on her plate was the best thing she had ever eaten. She spoke between bites of food. “So?” I sighed. “Well, you see, I just received a dressing down for, well, dressing down. Apparently my attire is not appropriate when in the presence of others.” I gestured at my exercise attire, frowning as I then pointed out that we were basically wearing the same thing. She frowned while she chewed, eyebrows knitting together. “And yesterday?” She asked. Of course she had heard about yesterday. Who hadn’t heard about yesterday? The rumor was going around that Hux was trying to be more involved with introductions with new officers, something that was entirely out of character for him. I had had a few sympathizers tell me that they thought he’d just gone for it a bit too enthusiastically, causing the awkwardness that had ensued. I hadn’t really believed it, but it was a nice idea to cling to… Until now. “I’ve honestly no idea.” She stared at me, disbelieving. “So there’s no history, no sordid story to share?” She was examining my face thoughtfully. “I’m afraid not. I wish there was, because then maybe I would understand.” She nodded, deep in thought, as if she was trying to figure out some grand mystery. “You’d better hurry up,” she said, pointing at my food. “Wouldn’t want to be late to your first day, now would you?” I scarfed the rest of my food, finishing around the same time as Suria. (Who’d started well after I had, and had acquired a far more impressive mound of food to boot.) I hadn’t been paying much attention when she arrived, so I found myself rather dumbfounded at her considerable height when she stood and followed me out of the mess hall. If she noticed my gawking, she didn't comment on it. She waved before jogging towards the Stormtrooper barracks, and I made a note to keep an eye out for excessively tall troopers. *** I’d managed to fit in time to take a rather pointless shower, (in my opinion,) before arriving at my destination ten minutes early. I’d made absolute sure that my hair was perfect, the twisted bun secured with more pins than I would normally use. I’d forgone any type of makeup, knowing that I would probably sweat it off any way. My uniform was newly pressed, not a speck of dust in sight. I’d even shined the boots. Anything to make sure that General Hux would not have a complaint. I filed in with the other early birds, waiting for everyone else to arrive. We’d been directed to a large, padded training room near the Stormtrooper facilities. I glanced around, the room dim and empty. We all stood at attention when General Hux and Captain Phasma walked in. An oddly familiar voice came through Phasma’s vocoder, though I couldn’t quite place it through the modulation. “At ease.” They surveyed us for a few moments, and then Hux nodded at Phasma to continue before he turned his attention to his datapad. “Today we will re-evaluate the scores sent to us by the Conservatory. Be prepared for a long day.” I thought I could hear her smile behind her helmet. “First, I will direct you next door to change your clothing. We will start by gauging your level of physical fitness, followed by a foray into an extended obstacle course. You will then have one hour in the datapits, followed by a simulation that will test your data interpretation and retention, your knowledge of tactics, your leadership, and will briefly bring to light your skills in regards to survival, hand to hand combat, and ballistics. For the end of the evening, we will test your aim and hand to hand combat more directly.” There was a soft groan from everyone gathered. “We are far more interested in your capabilities when fatigued, we find that they are more accurate for our uses.” I sighed. I knew that I would regret that run. Chapter 3 : Sliding Into Last Place 32 ABY Starkiller Base - The Unknown Regions The bitter cold had seeped deep into my bones, leaving me with aching joints, stinging skin, and numb fingers. Despite the cold, sweat had pooled at my lower back as I began to overheat with exertion. Snow had already found its way into my boots, my feet squishing against soaked fabric. I pushed on, crawling beneath the sharp wire as snow soaked into the front of my uniform. I scuttled forward as I reached the end of the low crawl, bolting upright the second I cleared the edge of the wire. I sprinted forward, attempting to use my momentum to my advantage as I vaulted up to the wall ahead of me. My gut dropped as my legs failed, my jump too short. I scrabbled at the cold cement, gripping the top of the wall. My fingers strained as my body dropped down, but I managed to keep my grip. I readjusted, maneuvering side to side, grimacing as three people consecutively launched themselves past me. I pushed up with my biceps, swinging my leg over the top of the wall. I rolled and let myself fall, landing in a crouch. I was struggling to get up from my low position when the disappointment hit: I’d lost my third place lead, and I would likely never catch up. Another officer landed in front of me, having jumped from the top of the wall, dropping me back to seventh place. I grit my teeth as I forced my legs to move faster. Jumping up to the monkey bars, I thrust myself forward, skipping a bar each time. Launching myself at the net climb, I started halfway up, using my less-fatigued biceps to get me up and over. I managed to surpass two of the seven people ahead of me, determination burning deep in my gut. I forced myself through stutter steps and the tunnel crawl, slowing a bit at the box jumps and hurdles, feet sliding lightly on wet snow. I pulled myself up the rope wall, jumping down past another two of my would-be usurpers, claiming third place as my own once more. The officer in second place was struggling with the log carry, and I smiled as I hefted one over my shoulder and bolted forward. I passed them just before dropping the log to run up the ramp-jump, elation hitting me as I saw the end of the course, at the end of a jogging track. I launched myself off the edge of the ramp, rolling as I hit the ground and springing up to start my run. I’d caught up the the woman in first place, only a few feet behind her bouncing pony-tail. I forced my legs to comply, attempting to rush past her with the curve of the track. My victory was short, my joy at reaching first place cut off sharply as I continued to slide past her, my momentum pulling me forward along the ice I hadn’t thought to look for. I flailed, legs slipping out from under me as I hit the ground hard, sliding roughly into a packed snowbank. By the time I’d managed to extricate myself and limp to the finish line, majority of my class had already finished and were stretching or reaching greedily for the water that Hux’ assistant offered. I collapsed down into the snow, gripping my side as my lungs beat against my ribs. General Hux was typing furiously on his datapad, very displeased about whatever report he was responding to... But I had a sneaking suspicion that he was looking at me out of the corner of his eye, that his frown was meant for me. Phasma spoke up from behind everyone, leaning casually against a tree. “Please return to the locker room and change from your excursion gear into full tactical uniform, and meet us at SR-4, near the Stormtrooper training center.” My fellow officers abandoned me, rushing off to the base as I was still struggling to get up. The combination of my hour and a half run this morning, the weight lifting and jogging for our physical test, and the obstacle course meant that my legs were on fire, but I hobbled along. I was well behind my classmates, Hux, and his assistant. Phasma walked up beside me, an armored hand brushing my shoulder as she walked past. “Good effort, Specialist. Be sure to get some bacta from the medical center after our day is over. You’ll need it.” She said as she used her long stride to catch up to the General. She was right; my hip was bound to bruise. I shook out my limbs, and then jogged ahead. Starkiller Base was exceedingly warm, my nose tingling with the temperature difference. I saw Hux hand his gaberwool greatcoat to his assistant, and she took it from him reverently, folding it neatly over her arm. They calmly walked down the hall, as the officers rushed to change their clothing. I glanced behind me to look for Phasma who had seemingly disappeared, only to see a small army of sanitation bots following hot on our heels. I hurried forward, slipping slightly on the muddied floor. I sighed with relief when I got out of my wet clothes, tossing them all into the nearest laundry bin. “That ‘excursion gear’ isn’t worth bantha fodder,” I mumbled under my breath, and everyone else in the room agreed with various curses and some laughter. I pulled on the new uniform quickly, lacing the tactical boots up with ease before hurrying out of the room. I was endlessly happy to be in dry, warm clothing, but I wanted this day to be over already. I slid my tunic on as I walked, smoothed my hair back and twisted it into a bun. I wasn’t the first one to arrive, Keziah Bani already waiting outside the closed door. “Congratulations on finishing the course first, Officer Bani.” She gave me a tight-lipped smile, nodding her head briefly at me. She was younger than I was, with cornflower blue eyes and shockingly light blonde hair. It was twisted tightly into a bun at the nape of her neck now, but I could still see the bouncing pony-tail… Taunting me. We both snapped to attention when General Hux walked by. He was preoccupied, staring at the datapad that seemed to be attached to his person. He glanced at us, but seemed to be looking through us rather than at us. “At ease,” he said as he reached the door, it unlocked and opened automatically. We followed him into Simulation Room Four, which mimicked the bridge of a Star Destroyer. He sauntered across the catwalk, moving to stand in front of what would have been the transparisteel viewport. The ever-present assistant strode in, carrying a box full of nutritive shakes. Somehow, she still managed to look elegant, heels clicking lightly as she followed her boss. She set the box gently on the floor, and lacking any direction from either of them, Keziah and I helped ourselves before moving down into the pit. We waited until the others joined us, Phasma striding into the room shortly after the last of the Officers in Training had arrived. “You have one hour,” she announced, the stations whirring to life. I watched the screen as it flicked through different settings, showing the layout of a base surrounded by difficult terrain. Reports began filtering through the headset, describing attacks on the east wing, on the beach, at the power station in the middle of the jungle. I responded, ordering a lockdown of the east wing, deployment of troopers to the beach, and requesting a specialty team to be airlifted to the power station. I tried filtering through the noise around me for other pertinent information as I focused on my own, smiling successfully when I heard Officer Calien forcefully repeating his orders to retreat from the training facilities. I ordered my flight team to give Calien’s forces some air support, slowly picking through other information at my station. The hour went quickly, adrenaline running through me as I pictured the events unfolding at the imaginary base. The machines suddenly shut down, and Captain Phasma’s voice filtered down. “We will be starting the next session in SR-2 after a short break. Please find your seats and be prepared to start in twenty minutes. General Hux, Lieutenant Eidhn and I will be reviewing your scores thus far.” Phasma, Hux, and Eidhn started talking in hushed tones on the catwalk. Our session had ended with a complete lockdown of the fictional base, with dogfights in the air and a small group of troopers and officers facing ground assault from a much larger force. I was trying to focus on the data, but my metaphorical ears perked at the tension I felt from above. Officer Bani and I were waiting in the back corner for everyone else to exit the pit, and I could tell that she was doing her best not to eavesdrop to the hushed, furious conversation above us. Her body was still, her eyes facing strictly forward. I started wishing that this was actually the bridge, so I could just walk under the catwalk to any number of exits rather than wait for fifty or-so people to filter out of the mock datapits via a small, one person staircase in the opposite corner; I didn’t have the self-control to not listen. “General Hux, would it not be prudent to have Lieutenant Eidhn, your administrative assistant , take on more responsibility with the Officer Training Program?” It came out in a low hiss from her vocoder, and my eyebrows rose. I didn’t know how often people spoke to Hux in such a tone, but I would bet it was not frequently, and I bumped my estimation of Phasma up to stupidly brave. She then proceeded to interrupt Hux’s growled warning, and Eidhn’s enthusiastic request for more responsibility, to answer her own question. “Because I think it would be far more beneficial to her position, than to mine, and I’m sure you would agree. Which begs the question, why have you suddenly decided that I should add Officer Training to my already tight schedule?” Hux started to speak, but she cut him off a second time. “Yes, yes. I am aware that you want me to ‘expand my knowledge base and extend my capabilities’ and to oversee a force with a different finesse than that of Stormtrooper Training.” He started to interrupt, but she continued over him. “And further, that you want to do a review of my process when training, but that you do not have the time to visit me during my training sessions with the troopers and feel that this is a good compromise. However, I find myself wondering how you expect that to work, when you refuse to discuss your recruits with me.” She finished, heaving as if she had run out of breath. I pictured Hux, gritting his teeth and seething with barely controlled rage. His vocal response was rather calm, belying the image I had constructed. “Captain Phasma, you are quite right. I have been remiss in my review of your abilities. You will continue your training here, with the Officers, and you will find a way to make it work with your already stretched capabilities. You may make use of Lieutenant Eidhn in any way that you see fit. I will continue to oversee your work, however, I fear that we’ve wasted some time with your diatribe, and will only be able to briefly go over A through T.” He paused for a moment. “Aminah, Commander Ren has arrived on base, is that correct?” “General, he was scheduled to land today, but I am uncertain if he has or not.” She said, sounding rather confused, and… Concerned? Officer Bani and I were nearing the stairs, and it was becoming difficult to hear. “Then find out.” He barked at her. I heard the heels clicking along at a fast pace, watching out of the corner of my eye as she nearly jogged across the catwalk. “You may begin, Captain.” Phasma started with Officer Adalet, and a review of his physical fitness. I’d lost my ability to hear, and I started my ascension of the steps. I’d heard of Kylo Ren, I was sure that everyone had. He was notoriously frightening, with all sorts of rumors flying about. Excitement filled my senses. If I couldn’t impress General Hux, maybe I could make a positive impression on the Commander. We all wandered into Simulation Room Two, which was a large bay of seating overlooking another room behind glass. Each chair had a folded note card on the seat, in alphabetical order. I found mine in the back, reaching down to snatch the card up off the seat. I paused in confusion, my hand closing around something more solid than just paper. I pulled the paper away, leaving a small tube of clear gel in the palm of my hand: bacta. I looked around the room, noticing that no other chairs seemed to come with a vial. I stuffed it in my boot as I sat, wondering who would have left it for me. Perhaps Chiresa? She could have heard of my misadventure, and she was likely assigned just down the hall. I shrugged it off, flicking back to the conversation I’d overheard. It sounded like Phasma didn’t normally take part in the program, and she was not terribly pleased about being asked. It seemed like Hux was making a great many changes to his program. In the Conservatory, we’d often be warned not to do something specifically because it was rumored that General Hux disliked it. He was obsessive, detail oriented, and took a more hands-on approach to his facilities. It was interesting that he was including someone else in his work. I was fidgeting while we waited, picking at a loose thread on my boot. I listened to the conversations around me, and excluding a few strained glances, I might’ve not existed. It appeared that Suria was right, they didn’t want the kind of attention I attracted. It seemed like ages, waiting for our “short break” to be over, but after some time filtering through thoughts in my head, Phasma’s voice filtered through the speakers. “Please split off into two even groups and then descend into the Simulation Room and await further instruction. One group shall go to the north and enter Simulation Bay 1, the other south to enter Simulation Bay 2.” I sighed and pushed out of the chair, muscles straining. I followed the group closest to me, not caring which team I was a part of. At least the day was half over? Chapter 4 : Nothing Can Account for the Real Thing Summary: Saphren completes her first Simulation at Starkiller Base. 32 ABY Starkiller Base - The Unknown Regions The overwhelming feeling that something was missing kept me on edge. I was distracted, trying to figure out what was off every few minutes. It nagged at the back of my thoughts, and I couldn’t shake the warning bells going off in my head, telling me that something wasn’t quite right. I rolled my shoulders and redirected my attention; placing my feet carefully as I treaded softly over browning foliage and downed trees, rifle raised. Our footsteps were quiet, the overly loud clink of armor behind me the only indicator that my squad was still following. I winced every time we moved; if we got close enough to anyone, they would know that we were coming. The only benefit was that the inverse was also true, we would hear any other team before they reached us. I paused at every tree large enough to constitute as cover, scanning the overgrowth of flora carefully. I’d made a circuitous route through the jungle, navigating from memory to avoid known paths; giving the competition some time to weed itself out. Phasma had found a way to balance her training duties, giving each officer a group of ten troopers to lead, and assigning a squadron of unknown number to act as Resistance forces. There were five teams running at a time in each simulation room, with this being the last encounter. I had waited 4 long hours for my turn, eager to get moving. I’d made small talk with the other officers, and for a short time they even humored me. Five of us had entered this encounter together, the last half of the batch, chomping at the bit to do anything but sit and wait. And though we were encouraged to work together, this was also a competition; one I intended to win. I stopped, holding my arm up to halt my men. Balancing against a tree, I gripped moss and bark as I peered around the trunk. We’d made it to the power station, which had been overtaken since my time in the datapits. Bodies of fallen comrades surrounded the entrance, as subsequent teams had attempted to retake the base. I gestured for my team to spread out, crouching to alter the settings on my rifle. The Resistance was well fortified, but I could see five troopers acting as guards, brief glimpses of shining blue armor peeking out from behind crates and other structures. The last report from the datapits had told of a force of twenty. Five guards in addition to four bodies on the ground would leave eleven inside... I would take those odds. I whistled, taking aim through my scope as heads popped up to survey the area. I took my shot at the nearest trooper, their body jerking as it fell behind the crate. My team started firing from their places around the base, the sound echoing strongly. I waited until I had a chance of hitting someone returning fire, utilizing the sniper setting on my rifle. It wasn’t long before the five guards were dead, the battlefield quiet and still. I motioned us forward, moving quickly as shots came from above. We dove against the base, out of sight from the troopers on the second floor. Counting my men as I switched the settings on my blaster rifle, my mouth pressed into a thin line as I came up three short. GM-2489 jerked, falling to the ground as a laser took him in the chest. I spun around, firing out of instinct. The Resistance Trooper that we’d missed fell to the ground as their second shot went high. I released the breath I had been holding, and slid closer to the entrance, stepping delicately over 2489. My Coded Rank Cylinder failed to activate the blast doors, and I skittered across the opening to the other side. I tried the keypad as my remaining troopers gathered around the door, but it beeped at me, flashing red. They must have hacked the circuits, removing my access. Pulling my fabricated digital lockpick from my boot, I slid the rod into the access port below the pad. I listened as it clicked and whirred, signaling my squad to fall back behind cover. I leaned further to the side, squatting below normal firing range before the doors slid open. GM-2484 hadn’t moved quickly enough, a laser hitting him in the side and he fell, body twitching near my feet. I steeled myself, exhaling as I turned and dove into the room. I slid behind the nearest pillar for cover, directly into the legs of the trooper that was already utilizing this post. They fell into me, and I cracked the butt of my gun into their visor as they dropped. I yanked them in front of me as the trooper on the other side of the hall began to fire. My hostage jerked in my grip, limbs flailing as I fired around them to drop my assailant. Safe behind the pillar for the time-being, I paused to calculate my next move. There were far more than ten people in this room, and I wondered if reinforcements had joined the fray. Verifying that my men were still outside of the building, I yanked the fabric up from under my uniform to cover my mouth and nose before peering out into the room. I ducked back behind the pillar after two Resistance troopers turned to fire at me, pulling a V-1 thermal detonator from my belt. I flicked through settings before tossing it near the largest concentration of soldiers, in the back of the room. The entire area seemed to freeze for a series of moments, the room eerily quiet save for the distinctive ticking of the bomb. And then everything seemed to snap back into place, the Resistance troopers turning to flee. I shot at them as they moved out of cover, hitting my fair share while my squad took care of the rest. With the room cleared, I jogged to find the detonator, clicking it off before replacing it on my belt clip. GM-2487 cocked her head to the side, but made no comment. I narrowed my eyes at her slightly, taking in her tall, lean form, but shrugged it off. We cleared the other rooms on the first floor, empty of Resistance forces or Order Personnel, and headed for the stairs. I counted the fallen Resistance, eyebrows knitting together; twenty four. No longer knowing what was waiting for me further above, I tried to think ahead for possible tactics the enemy could be using. My remaining four troopers seemed hesitant to continue, but I continued forward. I paused outside of the entrance to the staircase, peering up as far as I could before slowly walking into the landing. I’d assumed they’d be prepared to fire down at us as we made our ascent, and concern bubbled deep in my gut. We began to climb, and I flicked through possibilities with each step. I tapped the comlink at my ear: “Prepare for a bottleneck.” I said softly, eyes snapping back up as I heard the click I’d been waiting for. The shining spherical object fell from the landing above, and I ran up the stairs. I shot the soldier that had dropped the grenade and they toppled over the railing as the explosion shook the foundations below. Jogging to the edge of my landing, I lobbed a stun grenade up and over the railing of the landing above, ducking as the enemy fired at me. I’d managed to get the grenade into the room, and I smiled as a blast of concussive force was released to disable anyone within a 13 foot radius. I sprinted up the last flight of stairs, taking fire at the stragglers in the back of the room. 2487 slid up next to me, taking cover on the other side of the door. We cleared the room together, and I smiled at her as the rest of my team came up behind us. I had three troopers left, but I wasn’t stopping now. I stepped into the room over prone figures, verifying that everyone in the room was down before continuing forward. The blaster doors ahead slid open before we could reach them, a small contingent of Resistance firing at us immediately. We scattered, trying to find cover that didn’t exist. I dropped to the ground, throwing a smoke bomb in the enemy's direction. The room filled quickly, blocking line of sight. Crawling forward, I sweept the legs out from under the nearest person. They fell with a grunt, and I wrestled their gun away before firing into them at close range. I shot at the legs of people I could see, but they quickly returned fire through the fog, discerning my location easily, though unable to be exact with their shots. I tossed the useless gun away as someone fired from behind me, and the Resistance re-directed to the new source of light. I crawled forward, the muscles in my legs protesting mightily at the angle. I aimed for the nearest set of legs that I could see, popping up at the last minute to yank their rifle away. Kneeing them in the gut, I hit them over the head with their own weapon. Two troopers turned in my direction, and I ducked before they pulled the trigger. I slid around behind them, looping my arms up and over the shoulders of the shorter one. I gripped my hands together behind their neck, quickly using them as cover when others opened fire at me. Someone from near the door was still returning fire, shooting wherever they could see flashes of light. It wasn’t long before they took my cue and stopped shooting, saving themselves from ranged attack. I smiled, pulling the knife at my belt while my captive struggled from my one-armed grip. I jammed it through the cracks in the armor under the woman’s armpit before she could get away. She dropped and I moved forward, dodging a punch from the closest trooper. I blocked the next, swinging around to stab at their side, moving past them as the blade landed. A well placed kick from a foggy figure in front of me took the blade out of my hand, and I flexed my fingers through the radiating pain, blocking the punch that came next. They were fast, and we were very close to being equally matched. We both blocked majority of the attacks, only landing a few superficial punches and kicks. I saw movement from behind them, reinforcements coming up. With my next block I grabbed their arm, yanking forward and turning. I tapped the armor at their shoulder and they fell to their knees before I moved on. Strong hands grabbed me from behind and lifted me up, and another trooper was closing in from the front. I waited until they were close, kicking out with both legs. They fell back with a grunt and I wormed my way out of the other troopers grip, dropping to the ground. I gripped the man’s arm and flipped him over my shoulder, he landed hard, the sound echoing more than I thought it should. The smoke had begun to clear, and I reached for the nearest rifle, firing at glints of blue. All movement stopped, and I waited as everything became more visible. GM-2487 walked up slowly, surveying the room. I gestured her to the other side of the blast doors, hoping that whatever was next could be handled by a team of two. I peered around the door, greeted by a long, empty hallway. We moved slowly forward, backs to the wall, prepared for the door to open at any moment. Reaching the end of the hall, I nodded as GM-2487 hit the keypad. I tensed as the doors began to open, swinging my rifle back and forth, prepared to pull the trigger, but the room was empty. I heard 2487 release a sigh through her vocoder. We’d made it to the control room. Stepping inside, I swept the room, not wanting to believe that they would have left it unoccupied. I walked slowly, looking for any sign of movement. GM-2487 lowered her rifle into a more relaxed stance, walking over to inspect the controls. I had began this exercise on edge, and I had yet to figure out what had started the feeling. But now it was different, unease had transformed into added anxiety. This time I knew what was bothering me. The tactics didn’t make sense. This room would never have been left unguarded, unless they didn’t have a force large enough, but they’d had plenty of men. I turned to tell GM-2487 to be on guard, a small squeal of surprise stopping me as hands wrapped around my ankles, yanking me down. I dropped, hitting the durasteel with a grunt. 2487’s sound of surprise was soft underneath the opening of blast doors. Reflexively, I put my arms up, just managing to stop the blade from impacting with my gut. The small woman was dressed in an officer’s uniform, a blue armband knotted around her bicep, denoting her allegiance. She was still beneath the desk, not having the leverage she would have had she been directly above me. I forced her hands away, scuttling backwards out of her reach as she prepared to stab down a second time. My rifle had skittered away when I fell, so I pulled my SE-44 as she crawled from under the desk, shooting her at close range. My trooper friend was still fighting, the sounds of her altercation echoing. I heard movement from behind me, quickly spinning around on the floor. Officer Calian was advancing on me, and I lifted my knees up to my chest as he dropped down to me, making sure to get my legs between us. He was a large man, and I knew I had a very limited amount of time to end this. His weight and reach was by far too advantageous. I planted my feet just right, using my legs to push him up and away from me. I grunted with the pain, flipping up to face him and firing as he began to advance on me. I turned to check on GM-2487, but gasped as the air was knocked out of me and I went back down. I struggled briefly with the person that had tackled me, trying to prevent them from getting on top of me, but they kept me from squirming away. Lieutenant Eidhn stared down at me with a satisfied smile as she straddled my waist, and she went for the pistol as I went to shoot her. We fought for control, but she twisted the firearm and my fingers extended, and I lost my grip. She lifted up slightly, preparing to kill me with my own gun. I surged upwards, and she hadn’t braced properly, her dainty form lifting easily. She fell backwards as I stood, and I kicked the gun from her hand. She righted herself quickly, crouching low, arms raised. I matched her, and we circled each other, testing each other’s defences with small flashes of kicks and punches. She charged, full lips twisted into a ferocious smile. My arms reverberated with each block, my knee twinging as I got her in the side. I glanced around me quickly, noting that Calian’s form was a few feet behind me, grimacing as she got through my defences in my distraction, gut burning. She was not pulling her hits, and I coughed as I kicked at her legs. It wasn’t long before we were locked together, grappling for control. I was staring intently down at her face, watching the sweat bead at her forehead as I stepped back. Panic filled me immediately as I expected to trip and fall backwards over Calian, but I turned to find that my foot was firmly planted through his back, the simulation unable to provide solidity to his form after he’d slid out of the way. My eyes flashed, pain building behind my skull as my perception shifted, flashes of white superimposing over the mechanics of the room. I gasped as Eidhn’s elbow connected with my face, and I jerked backwards. I grabbed her wrist as she went for my jaw, twisting her around. I paused, wondering if I should give as good as I got and actually dislocate her shoulder. Before I could make my decision, she jerked and fell, hyperextending her own arm out of the socket. I snapped around, Officer Bani standing at the entrance, her team clearing the room of hostiles quickly and efficiently. I couldn’t stop my glare, my victory snatched from me a second time. She handed me a scarf from a pouch at her belt, gesturing at the blood running from my nose. I snatched it from her, tilting my head backwards and mumbling a gruff thank you through the fabric. A soft whir that had been in the back of my senses suddenly stopped, the images of the room flashing to disappear into a stark white room, blocks fitting together to give surface for the imaginary electronics. I followed the group out of the room, and down the steps, exiting into a cavernous white room made of small, reflective and flexible panels. It suddenly hit me, as my footsteps echoed up to the ceiling. The patch at the back of my neck and the goggles snapped to my face could only account for so much. Our movements had echoed because there was no forest to block the sound, our footsteps too quiet because there were no leaves to crinkle or branches to snap. When I had stepped through the vision of Calian’s body, my mind had tried to readjust to make sense of what it was seeing, disabling the simulation momentarily. Though the simulation was exceedingly detailed, there were some things that couldn’t be mimicked. These training sessions would never be as good as the real thing. I watched as the room shifted, the flexible panels moving throughout the room. The pillars that had acted as trees retracted into the ground to make for a smooth surface. We left the simulation bay, entering the adjacent room that served as both equipment storage and a waiting room. I dropped all of my equipment in the appropriate bins one handed, keeping the fabric pressed close to my injured face. I snatched the goggles and tossed them onto a table, and peeled the chip from the back of my neck. Calien stood ahead of me, grunting as he delicately pulled at the patch, the surrounding skin red and angry. The chips augmented senses other than sight, but also provided an electrical shock when it received the signal from a laser; thus effectively mimicking the limp fall of a dead body, while also encouraging trainees not to get shot. We made it up to the simulation room, where Hux and Phasma had been watching over both bays via transparisteel windows and large monitors. “Congratulations, Officer Bani, on completing the challenge with first place. Your skills are exemplary.” Hux’ compliment rang through the room, and anger built deep in my bones. My team had cleared that entire base, she had swooped in at the last minute to steal all the glory. “Specialist Varien owes you a great deal of thanks. It appears that hand to hand is not her forte, had you not dispatched of Lieutenant Eidhn, who knows what further damage she might have inflicted upon Specialist Varien.” I flinched, skin burning with embarrassment at the disappointment in his voice. “Specialist Varien, you may be dismissed to seek medical assistance. You may make up your combat test at a later date.” Phasma’s voice filtered in from behind General Hux. “Captain Phasma, I would prefer to stay, if that’s all right. I would prefer to complete my first day in full.” I said as proudly as I could, the words muffled under the fabric. “Very well, Specialist. You will all have a short break to seek sustenance and refreshments. We will meet you all in C-1 in forty minutes. Dismissed.” Everyone scattered the moment she finished speaking, most everyone heading towards the mess hall. I turned the other way, intending to visit Med Bay before our last test. Notes: I will do my best to update at least once a week. I have a very solid time-line for this story, and quite a bit of it is fleshed out. Feedback is greatly appreciated! As always, Star Wars and the beloved characters involved do not belong to me, but to Disney.