I Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) One hundred twenty-three. Rey repeated the number in her mind as she stared at the dim flickering light on the ceiling. At least, she thought it was one hundred twenty-three days since the Battle of Starkiller. Since she saw Finn motionless in the snow. She could not remember if Finn still lived. She fashioned herself a fighter. A survivor. Nearly fifteen years on Jakku fending off other scavengers and thieves earned her that title. Too many nights with a cramped, empty stomach had forced her to learn the harsh reality of life far too quickly. She’d made a life for herself while clinging to the hope of her family’s return. Stars, but her mind was so muddled. The only thing she was certain of was the red beam that stained her vision every time she closed her eyes. She would give anything to be back on Jakku. The rough sand, the scathing heat, the isolation. Even at the mercy of Unkar Plutt, at least she had her freedom to choose what she scavenged and sold. She’d had her flight simulator, her hammock, and the little pilot doll. She could handle herself. She had proven that on the Starkiller Base by thwarting the infamous the monster at his own game not once but twice in a manner of hours. But the crackling blade of Kylo Ren’s lightsaber still haunted Rey’s thoughts in the silence of night. They’d been so close. The Resistance pilots attacked with all available firepower. The explosives were set. The Milennium Falcon was ready to fly, and all they needed to do was get Han and Chewbacca out of the sieged oscillator. They would leave the dying planet, the Resistance would be safe, and the First Order would take a crippling blow to its arsenal. Rey would go to the Resistance with Finn – Finn, the only person who had ever come back for her. She had held out a new hope that Finn, Han, and Chewie could be the family she had waited for on Jakku. The ache in her chest had not diminished even months after Han’s death. He had killed the smuggler. The legend. The man who might have been a father figure to the little girl inside her that never knew one. The face framed by dark, waving hair – the face of an arrogant young man – plagued her mind’s eye. Rey had been too busy fighting that monster to witness the breakdown of the Resistance’s barrage at the hands of the Knights of Ren. But she saw the icy planet produce the deadly beam that took millions of lives. Peaceful beings who had wanted no part in the brewing war. The members of the Resistance. All gone because of a dead sun and a streak of red. The deadly beam that had given a beaten Kylo Ren the opportunity to take her out with the Force burned into her memory for forever. Rey did not close her eyes much anymore. Closing her eyes meant seeing that red beam. Closing her eyes struck hopelessness in the soul that had always refused to relent. But the First Order had won. And as the days turned into months inside the small room, Rey struggled to find the hope that had kept her going on Jakku. Her stomach clenched painfully, but Rey knew it was from the lack of nutrition rather than nostalgia. The Knights of Ren had apparently been assigned guard duty over her, and each had chosen to take their annoyance at babysitting a dirty scavenger out on her in different ways. The one in charge of her now – a human man she hated more than she Unkar Plutt and Kylo Ren combined – had decided starvation was an appropriate method. Less contact that way, anyway. Her connection to the Force – something she had thought to be a myth just six months ago – was the only thing that spared her life. She could still feel the shadow that Snoke left in her mind. She wondered if giving up on her was part of the twisted man’s – if he even was a man – plan. It likely was, but the drugs were pumped into her system every day kept her mind from focusing on that particular problem long enough to figure out the ulterior motive. Still, the fact that she was thinking about it meant the drug was wearing off again. The thick door behind the table that held her body captive hissed, and heavy boots hit the floor. Rey kept her eyes on the ceiling and chewed on the inside of her dry mouth. If her concept of time was still correct, he was later than usual. Her mind had not been so clear in weeks. “As a follower of the Supreme Leader, you would get the all the food you desire,” a low voice said. Rey did not detect the tell-tale sign of modulation; the man did not wear his typical helmet. “We want for nothing. Surely you must be starving.” Rey’s tongue flicked out to lick her dry lips. She struggled for longer than she should have to croak, “You should've done your research.” She swallowed what little saliva she could muster. “This is nothing new.” She finally turned her head to face the man, examining his light brown hair and long forehead. “At least your fellow knights knew that.” A gloved hand grabbed her hair and pulled her head back. Rey shut her eyes as the man leaned close. The red beam flashed into her black vision again. “If I didn’t have other pressing matters, I would make you regret ever leaving that filthy planet.” If Rey had been better hydrated, she would have spit in his face. “Too late.” The grip on her hair tightened for a moment before the blow hit her face. Dear stars, that hold, that blow was too familiar. She wanted nothing more than to be away from him, but to watch him burn would help. Hot fury exploded in her chest, and the man flew back into the wall. She heard the air leave his lungs. She sucked in several breaths and focused on the heavy restraints around her limbs. The man was already getting to his knees, and Rey gritted her teeth, imagining the restraints opening. The durasteel popped open, and Rey had to hold onto the table to keep herself from falling. “You little bitch,” the man growled in a gravelly voice. She heard his heavy footsteps tell her he had gotten to his feet. Exhaustion weighed down her limbs, but her eyes darted to the closed door. It was likely locked, but a staff rested next to the door. She pushed off the restraining table and took staff. A surprised look crossed the man’s face, and she didn't waste time swinging it at his head. He ducked and grabbed at the end of the staff, but Rey brought the other end down into his stomach. He grunted and doubled over, allowing Rey to smash the staff’s middle against his head. He collapsed to the floor, and Rey hit him again for good measure. Another hit brought blood that matted his hair. Her arms trembled from the exertion as she connected the end of the staff with his side. She raised it again but hesitated. As much as she hated her captor, she needed the energy to leave the planet. If Jakku had taught her anything, it was survival first, revenge second. She put a hand on the wall to stabilize herself as she walked to the door, willing it to open. It did not move. She hit her hand against a pad next to it and shook her head as it remained firmly shut. Annoyance rose in her chest. She hadn’t beaten a man and pulled herself out of a kriffing drug-induced haze of four months to get stopped by a closed door. Her fury had helped her before, so she took another glance at the motionless man behind her and willed the door open. It slid open with a distinctly unsatisfying hiss. She took off quickly down the hall, or as quickly as one could while using a staff to stabilize her trembling muscles. She peered around every corner before entering a hall, keeping herself as alert as possible in case she saw anyone in the halls or signs that she was near a spaceport or ship hanger. Some sort of trooper supply center like the one she’d seen on the Starkiller would be nice, but she wasn’t even sure whatever building she was in had Stormtroopers. She had only ever seen three different Knights of Ren. But she needed water. It would do her no good to die of dehydration the moment she got off whatever forsaken planet she was on. The staff made a satisfying crack every time she hit visible holocams. She was about to take out the tenth cam when she felt a prickle of unease. She had only felt that presence once since Starkiller. It felt like another shadow, different from the one Snoke exuded, but too familiar. Before she realized it, she had turned down several corridors toward it, as if her being craved the presence of someone she knew. She stopped herself and hit another holocam with the staff. Fifteen years on Jakku, she told herself. She couldn't get nostalgic or careless now. She thanked any lucky stars that might still be rooting for her that she hadn't encountered someone during the fog she seemed to have slipped into. Looking around another corner, she stifled a gasp and immediately pressed herself against the wall. The slight figure of a woman walked next to a tall, broad man. Both were cloaked in black with hoods over their heads. Rey had only seen their backs, but she pressed her hand over her mouth to stifled her heavy breathing. Slowly, she stepped in the direction she had come, hoping to find an empty room to hide in. “I knew Nesan would slip up.” The voice made Rey jump. It wasn’t cold, but there was a razor edge to it that gave her a chill. She turned and brought her staff up into a swing. The slight woman she'd seen caught the end of the staff and held it captive in her hand. A hood hid her face, but Rey could see too-white skin with grey markings that traveled up the woman’s neck and jaw. Rey grabbed the staff with both hands and brought the other end up to connect it with the woman’s head. She turned with impossible speed before it made contact, ducked, and snatched the staff. Her hood dropped from her head, revealing short, silver hair and the white face of a species Rey did not know. The woman used the staff to push Rey against the wall and held it across her throat. “Nice try, but scavengers don't hold a chance against a Knight of Ren.” “Already kicked one’s ass,” Rey panted against the staff. “Two, actually.” The pressure across her throat increased until spots danced in her vision. It could end here now. Her back throbbed from past abuse, her throat screamed for water, and the shadow wouldn’t go away from the back of her mind. She could die at the hand of the Knight and find Han in whatever afterlife there might be. Her lungs screamed for air, and a flash of Finn crossed her mind. No. He would be back for her. The only person that had ever come back for her would find her. If he had survived. He had already defied the odds once, even if it hadn’t ended well for her. Her fingers curled slowly, and she lifted a heavy leg to connect her foot with the woman’s crotch She grunted in shock and staggered backwards. The staff clattered to the floor. Rey sucked in air greedily and picked up the weapon, smashing it against the woman’s back. She dropped to the floor, and Rey staggered down the hall. Her vision slowly cleared as she pulled in more oxygen, but she confused a dark figure with the black spots still dancing in her eyes. Gloved hands wrapped around her wrists. The low voice that spoke was familiar, from a time before that red beam. “Now, is this any way to treat our guest?” Notes: I do hope you enjoyed this first chapter. Thanks for reading! Chapter 2 : II Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The familiar shadow vibrated in front of her. Him. The one who had stood by as Snoke ripped through her mind. That face that sometimes accompanied the red beam seared into her eyes. He let go of one of her wrists to push the hood back, confirming her fears. Kylo Ren. “Don’t touch me,” Rey growled up at him, bearing her teeth in an attempt to look somewhat threatening. She tugged at the hold on her wrist with all of her might, but she had lost what little weight she had put on eating in Takodana, not to mention much of her scavenger muscle mass. She suddenly became aware of the fatigue weighing her body down. Her heart pounded loudly in her chest, and dear stars, the corridor’s light was bright against the white walls. “I was going to rotate in as her guard today, sir,” the woman’s razor voice said from somewhere behind Rey. She did not care to find out where she was as she tried prying Ren’s fingers off with her free hand. “No need.” Ren’s dark eyes lingered on Rey’s face for a moment before they flicked over her shoulder. “I have orders for something else with her. The Supreme Leader isn’t pleased with your results.” His kriffing fingers barely moved, and Rey caught sight of his lightsaber hilt hanging from his belt. She glanced up at his face and slowly began reaching for weapon while his eyes remained locked on the woman. “They’re not my results – “ “You were on base for the majority of the time, Karis. It wasn’t stipulated that only one of you could see her at a time.” Ren’s voice was hard with a touch of irritation that Rey had heard far too often from the other Knights of Ren. Frustration welled in the air around her. Rey heard the woman’s footsteps approach them and slowed down her hand. Halfway there. The woman’s voice was a low growl nearby. “You gave me orders, Ren, to repair the ships damaged on Starkiller. It was a big job.” Ren grabbed Rey’s wrist just as her fingers brushed the lightsaber hilt. He gave her an unimpressed look before looking back at the woman. “Surely repairing ships and requisitioning new droids isn’t a skill exclusive to a Nightsister.” A part of Rey’s mind told her that knowing what a Nightsister was might be important, but she just wanted to get out of Ren’s hold. His eyes dropped back down to her, and he moved his grip so that he was only holding her upper right arm. She tugged on this hold, too, but her erratic heartrate slowed. Ren turned and began walking with Rey down the hall, saying over his shoulder, “Go check on Nesan. I’ll report to the Supreme Leader about this incident.” Annoyance that was not hers panged through Rey, and she barely caught a disgruntled “yes sir” before she was tugged around a corner. “Let go.” She was embarrassed by how hoarse her voice sounded in comparison to his. “Clearly I’m not going to be able to go anywhere.” His hold did not yield, not that she expected it to, but she tugged again, throwing her entire – not meager, she unconvincingly told herself – weight into the pull. Ren abruptly stopped and fixed her with a hard glare. “Struggle again, and I’ll bring you back to your little guest room and let Karis take her frustration with me out on you. She is well versed in a variety of… unpleasant things that I do not believe you’ve been introduced to yet. Does that sound appealing?” “She’d be preferable to you and that other monster.” Ren’s eyes narrowed, and his free hand twitched next to his lightsaber. She felt a constriction around her, a presence in her mind that felt foreign and familiar all at once but it was better than the shadow that lingered. It lasted only a moment before it left, and Rey found herself yearning for it back. The shadow was still there, poisoning the back of her mind. Inking her thoughts. Ren stared at her for a moment and then turned and pressed a button on the wall behind him. “I suppose I don’t have to give you something to eat if you want to be like that.” Rey looked up at Ren, her eyes actually meeting his for the first time. The brightly lit hall painted his face in a much different light than the interrogation room she had first laid eyes on it. His brown eyes were softer – warmer – than she remembered. At least she could see now why he had worn that monstrous mask to hide the young face. She wanted to refuse him, to deny him anything that he offered, but her stomach hurt . She had starved on Jakku, but she had always been able to at least get a morsel and some water every few days, even after a nasty fall that had kept her from scavenging for a week. She was sure she was only alive because the drugs had contained some sort of hydrating agent. At her silence, Ren gave a brief nod. “I thought so.” She expected some sort of smug grin or villainous laughter or something that would reaffirm the vision of a monster she had of him in her mind. Instead, his grip on her arm eased as he pulled her onto the waiting turbolift. It was bright, brighter than the white walls of the hall they'd just left. The doors closed, and Ren let go of her arm. Rey barely felt the floor give out as they descended, and she put as much distance between herself and the tall man as possible. Ren watched her from the corner of his eye, and Rey looked away from him, keeping her gaze on the wall. She just wanted to sit, to feel fresh air through her air, the burn of a sun on her skin, the life-giving wash of water down her throat. The freedom to live as she pleased, even if that meant scavenging for the rest of her days. And she hated Kylo Ren for taking those things away from her. The turbolift came to a stop, and Ren took her arm again. The lights were less intense in the hall he took her down than the ones before. Her legs were turning to jelly as they turned a few corners, passing the occasional inset door. She would not last a day on Jakku with her cramping stomach and weak muscles. Ren could probably give her a well-aimed punch, and she would fall to never get up again. Her survival instincts screamed to get away from him as soon as she had enough nutrients to run. Until then, she would have to endure his touch. Ren stopped in front of the fourth door they came across. He pressed a hand to its durasteel, and it irised open to allow them entry. Once the door clicked shut behind them, he let go of Rey and made his way across the room, casting off his cowl and hood as he moved. Rey blinked several times to get her eyes used to the dim lighting. The room she had been kept in for the past four months had lights that bore down on her at all hours of the day. A strip of warm light encompassed the small room about a half meter below the corner of the ceiling and the wall. Two doors stood in the wall opposite the one they had come in. A long, dark sofa sat to her left facing two chairs, one of which held Ren’s discarded cowl. Rey supposed the chairs might have looked uncomfortable, but anything that was not the table she had been strapped to for months seemed like a luxury. She sank down into the chair without Ren’s cowl. Her muscles ached with the feel of something soft under her, and she resisted the urge to just close her eyes and sleep. She turned her head, keeping an eye on the man she despised as her body sank further into the cushion. Ren stood in a section of the room that might have been a kitchen if it had more than a conservator and what Rey thought was a nanowave. Ren pulled something out of it before rummaging through a drawer. He made his way back to her, his boots hitting the soft floor noisily, and held out a bottle and a small package. Rey stared at them blankly, and Ren let out a long breath. The annoyance that was not hers hit her again. “It’s food and water. Take it before I change my mind.” Rey hesitated for only a moment before she snatched the bottle. Her hand shook as she unscrewed it, and cold, blissfully cold, water flooded her mouth and ran down her dry throat. Something in the back of her mind told her to slow down. She knew from experience what would happen by drinking water too fast after dehydration, but the rest of her did not care. She chugged nearly half the bottle before a hand forcefully took it away from her mouth. Water sloshed down her front, and she glared up at Ren. Her voice was considerably stronger as she growled, “I thought you offered it all to me.” He shoved the small package into her hand and took the bottle away. “I’m not in the mood to clean up your sick. Eat.” She kept her glare and opened the package to find a bar of food. She ripped off a fourth of the bar and chewed. The taste made her cringe, but she did not care for dear stars, it felt good to chew something again. She cast a glance at Ren to see him leaning against the other chair, his arms crossed over his chest. Swallowing the food, she asked, “Why are you helping me?” She ripped off another fourth of the bar as she waited for his response. He regarded her in silence for several moments, which would have bothered Rey if she had not been eating for the first time in weeks. “Shall we say that I know what you went through. I was not around to control my knights.” Laughter bubbled up Rey’s throat, and she stood on trembling legs. A step brought her face-to-face with him, but she did not reach out to touch him. “You know what I went through? You know how the first one left wounds on my back that still haven’t healed? And the next gave me nightmares of my friends? And how the last one starved and… and…” Her voice choked, and she grabbed the bottle of water, taking a gulp. She let the water stay in her mouth for longer than necessary, longer than her body wanted, but she found she could not force out those next words. Something nearby shattered. Her body shook involuntarily. Ren, to her surprise, had not interrupted her. His arms uncrossed, letting her yell and scream at him. His eyes searched her face with an unreadable expression, not that she cared to read him at all. She wanted to see him dead, not to understand him. She swallowed past the lump, the bottle shaking in her hand, and hissed, “I know that you know how your precious master played with my mind. Peeled me back layer by layer until I couldn’t move, could barely see. You stood by him and did nothing. You. The man who made my life a living hell.” Before Ren could respond, she pulled the lightsaber from his belt. It was surprisingly heavy, compared to what she remembered Skywalker’s saber to feel. She pressed the activator button, and the crackling blades sprang to life. Infuriatingly, Ren did not look shocked to have his weapon stolen, and he stepped to the side as she lifted the saber. It cut through the chair with a satisfying sizzle. The black cowl flew away from the onslaught of the blade as Rey hacked through the chair. Once it no longer resembled a chair, Rey turned to Ren, her sides expanding rapidly as she sucked in air. She took a step toward him, adrenaline shaking her muscles. Her eyes met his again, and the brown orbs reflected off the lights high on the walls. He clutched the cowl in both hands, his expression not in fear of her, but something else. Rey’s knees gave out, and she dropped to the floor, the lightsaber sheathing as she let it go. She took in rattling breaths, her stomach roiling from the exertion. A long, silent moment passed before Ren knelt to pick it up. It clipped onto his belt with a soft click. The black cloth of his tunic’s tails came into Rey’s line of vision, but he did not touch her. “If you’re done destroying my furniture, I suggest you take some time to cool off in the refresher.” She looked up, blinking past some tears that had begun to form in her eyes to see him pointing to the door on the right. She got back to her feet, leaning on the remaining chair for support. After she decided her legs could bear her weight again, she started to the door, only stopping as Ren added, “And that will be the last time you touch my lightsaber.” Rey did not look back at him nor acknowledge his words as she closed the refresher door behind her. She stared to pull her dirty clothes off until she caught sight of herself in the small mirror. A gaunt face stared back at her, attached to a too-thin body. Any scavenger that looked like that on Jakku would be dead in a manner of days. She knew pulling off her shirt would reveal her ribs and show the processes of her spine and the sharp angles of her hips. A body that should not be hers. Such was starvation, but she had never experienced it to the extreme that she had been subjected to in that horrid room. She did not want to see herself, her own weakness. Turning back to the door, she was relieved to find she lock it from her side. She waved her hand over the pad and heard it click. Ren could likely open it in a heartbeat, but it reassured her as she shut off the lights. Rey kicked off the ratted boots and carefully removed the clothes in darkness, being sure to fold the thin cloth. She fumbled to the shower and felt along the wall, finally pressing a button to start the spray of water. Stepping inside, she let out a groan as the hot stream hit her back, washing away the filth. She felt around the entirety of the small stall until she found a bottle. It smelled somewhat like the soap she had gotten to use on the rare occasions she had been able to buy ten minutes in the Niima public showers. She poured as much as her hand could hold and rubbed it over her body until her skin felt raw. It did not feel like enough. She poured more and rubbed again until the bottle emptied. Her arms trembled from the day, from wielding the staff and the lightsaber and futilely fighting Ren’s touch. Her stomach ached. Her knees gave out for the second time, and she let the water flow over her head as she vomited in the shower. Notes: Thank you so much for reading! Please leave a comment and come hang out with me on Tumblr Chapter 3 : III Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The red beam haunted her dreams again. She swung the blue lightsaber at Kylo Ren with all the fierce energy she had acquired on Jakku. This man had captured her, flipped through her mind like a leisurely holobook, and injured Finn. He deserved to die just like that scavenger who had tried to shoot her over a cracked TIE fighter SFS s-3 ion engine that had fetched three whole portions. The roar of Starfighters nearly deafened her as she stalked through the snow. Ren retreated, his crackling blade sizzling against the snow. Something exploded above them, and debris hit the ground, rustling up the cold snow. Ren’s eyes flicked to the side, and she charged again with his distraction, swinging the weapon like a lighter version of her staff. The sabers cracked together. She spun, and the saber cut through Ren’s shoulder and face like the sweet butter she had eaten at Maz Kanata’s castle. He stumbled back, a terrible howl ripping from his throat. Rey grabbed his injured shoulder and drove the lightsaber through his chest. The monster collapsed, and behind him, Finn stood, his eyes wide in horror. Blood dripped from his back and stained the snow. He held a hand out to her, a voiceless cry on his lips. And the red beam enveloped him. Rey woke with a start, her heart racing in her chest. All of her dreams ended like that now. Sometimes Ren killed Finn himself, other times Ren would kill her. But every one of them ended in Finn’s death. She was starting to believe he had really died by the hands of the Knights of Ren, if not Ren himself. He had not come back for her. It was the only logical reason. A med droid hovered over her, and a light flashed on its shoulder. “No need for alarm, miss. Your heartrate is quite high.” It ran a scanner over her, and Rey looked down at her thin body. She lay on the floor of the shower, the thin layering of her clothes draped over her. “How long have I been out?” “A little over an hour.” The droid twisted away. “Lord Ren had the fortunate foresight to call me before you started the water. I do believe he was worried about the state of your health. You are much too thin.” Rey snorted in disbelief and sat up slowly, using the shower wall to help her progress. “More like he was worried about angering his master.” She pulled the clothes around herself, watching the droid carefully. It twisted back to her, holding a small box. It poked a small hole at the top and handed it to her. Rey took it but held it away from her. The droid took several seconds as if its programming could not decide what to do. Finally, it said, “Please drink it. It has nourishments and ingredients to help you re-acclimate to food.” Rey eyed the droid for a long moment and then decided that if Ren had intended for her to die, he would not have called the med droid in the first place. Putting the box to her lips, she took a tentative sip. A sweet flavor exploded in her mouth, and she gulped down more as her body suddenly realized again how hungry she was. The droid nodded once and gathered up its scanners. “Good. I will leave several of these here. Drink at least four a day as well as water.” Liquid sloshed inside a small pack it set on the side of the sink. “I applied some bacta salve to the wounds on your back, although they were healing quite nicely. A bacta tank would be helpful, but Lord Ren recommended against one. I will return to check on you in a few days to evaluate how ready you are to eat.” It walked to the door in the mechanical fashion and paused. “I will notify Lord Ren of your condition. He left some clothes for you to wear if you would like yours cleaned.” The shadow-like presence Rey had come to associate with Ren was not nearby, but she could feel him somewhere in the vicinity. “Where is he? Isn’t this his room?” “It is. He stepped out when I arrived.” The droid’s mechanical eyes flicked to the pile of black clothing on the floor just outside the refresher. “Do get plenty of rest.” It shuffled out of the refresher, and Rey watched it cross the small sitting space to the main door. The remains of the chair she had destroyed was still there, evidence that she was not dreaming. She gulped down the rest of the liquid, her stomach feeling fuller than she ever remembered. She pulled herself to her feet and leaned against the wall of the shower for several moments to catch her breath. All of her anger and energy from earlier seemed to have burned away, leaving her drained and shaking. She looked between the two piles of clothes as she pulled air into her lungs. The light, tan clothes were all she ever really had on Jakku. Sure, dirt caked them, but they were hers. But she had also worn them for months in that room. She had her freedom in them, but now they represented the horrors. The pile of black clothing, on the other hand, were Ren’s, and she had no desire to take more from him than absolutely necessary. Her reflection in the mirror looked haunted holding the thin wrap dress over her body. It smelled, too, as did the rest of her clothes. She pulled the pile of black clothes into the refresher and closed the door before rummaging through them. A shirt and a pair of pants that looked far too big for her enveloped a pair of basics. She was reasonably sure those were clean at least and had not been Ren’s, so she slipped the basics on. They were loose, but she hoped she would fill them out once she had gained back some weight. If she could. The wrap she had once worn around her chest was tattered beyond repair, and the pile of black did not contain anything similar. She did not particularly need one for the time being, so she turned back to her dilemma. She could clean her own clothes in the sink and only wear Ren’s for as long as it took for them to dry. She let the water in the sink fill up as she dressed. She had to roll the top of the pants over four times before they stopped dragging on the floor, and the shirt hung off her frame, but at least they both covered her too-thin body from the prying reflection in the mirror. After scrubbing the clothes with the hand soap, she hung them over the shower door. The water in the sink had turned an unsightly brown, and she numbly watched the filth drain. Her damp hair stuck up in odd places in her loose buns, so she pulled them out and combed her hair with her fingers before gathering it all back into one knot. Anyone she had been hoping would recognize her hairstyle on Jakku would not be looking for her on some First Order base. Deciding she could not spend the rest of her days in a refresher staring at a mocking reflection, she returned to the small sitting room. Ren’s presence still felt faint, so she took one of the boxes of liquid that the droid had left and drank the sweet substance as she wandered the room. The small sitting room contained hardly any personal effects, unless she counted the food in the conservator. Her stomach growled at the sight, so she quickly closed it and gulped her new lifeline. The door next to the refresher was closed but opened without protest. The room she entered was a stark contrast to the tidy, organized sitting room. An unmade bed took up most of the space. She waved her hand over a control panel, and a light flickered on over the bed. A squished pillow rested precariously on the edge, and another was squashed between the top of the bed and the wall. A glass lay on top of a plate on the floor, and clothes – all unsurprisingly black – were strewn around the room. Pieces of durasteel littered the end of the bed in the only spot where the blankets had been smoothed. Her scavenger’s curiosity got the better of her, and she stepped further in to look at the pieces. The silver of the monstrous black mask glinted in the light from where it rested on a small table, and she pointedly avoided it as she studied the durasteel. Most were just curved pieces, although she recognized several components of a miniature modulation circuit. She reached out to touch what looked to be a resistor when the pieces all suddenly seemed to forget that gravity applied to them. Rey felt Ren’s shadow before she turned. He leaned against the doorframe, the pieces circling around his raised hand. His jaw clenched and unclenched as he stared at her. “And what are you doing in here?” An anger burned in her belly. “You never said I couldn’t go in here. What are those?” The corners of Ren’s eyes tightened. “Out.” Rey crossed her arms and felt some of the liquid from her box splash onto her hand. “Give me some answers first.” Ren’s gloved fingers curled into a fist, and the pieces crunched together in a ball. The anger in Rey burned hotter. An invisible force took her wrist, and she stumbled forward. “Hey!” Ren stepped back, and the force dragged out of the room. The door closed of its own accord, and Ren stalked toward her. “You will not go in there again,” he growled through gritted teeth. Rey clutched her box in front of her as if it could shield her from Ren’s anger. “If you’re going to keep me here, I want answers.” “I don’t owe you anything,” Ren scoffed, crossing his arms. The newly formed ball of durasteel floated by his elbow. She barely reached his shoulders, but she fixed him with an unbending stare. “ Your Knights tortured me for months. And now you're… doing something else. Helping me. Why?” The anger seemed to slowly fade, but she could still feel her own annoyance. Ren stepped away, fingering the ball of durasteel in his hands. “I told you before. I know what you went through.” Rey echoed his scoff. “So vague. I'm surprised you're not in those myths about the gods.” He had turned away, but she could have sworn he rolled his eyes. “There are no gods. Only the Force.” “The Force.” The anger was back, burning hotter than ever. “Where was the Force when I was in that kriffing room? Isn't it supposed to help people?” “The Force doesn't give a damn about you,” Ren said with a bitter laugh. He turned back to her, the light casting over the scar running across his face. “Do you give a damn about anybody? All those people you killed with Starkiller. All those innocent worlds. The entire Resistance. Han. Finn.” A lump was in her throat, and she looked away, swallowing some of the sweet liquid to help. Ren took a while to respond. When he did, his voice was quiet and gentler than Rey had ever thought he was capable of producing. “I didn't want Starkiller to fire. Either time.” “Right. It’s not like your knights defended the thermal oscillator, as they so helpfully bragged.” She finished gulping down the liquid and crunched the box in her fist. Ren crossed the space between them in two long strides. His gloved hands twitched as if he wanted to grab her, and Rey took a step back, her leg brushing against the side of the intact chair. Ren did not follow her, but his voice was low. “Since you’re Force-sensitive, you’d might as well use it, you – “ He stopped himself, and Rey felt the rise and fall of annoyance. “You know I’m not lying about that. The Force knows.” The Force. She had forgotten it could be used in more than a physical sense. She closed her eyes for a moment and focused on the energy thrumming around it – the energy she had only felt a few times during her captivity. It took all her concentration to ignore the feeling around her own body that screamed for something to eat, but once she cast her focus away from herself, she sensed an energy around Ren that seemed to blot out the rest of the room. And somewhere, deep inside Rey, she could tell he had indeed told the truth. She cracked an eye open. Ren watched her with a strange expression. “I… I didn’t know you could do that.” One of Ren’s dark eyebrows rose. “The power of the Force is only limited by your imagination.” Rey eyed him carefully, slowly coming to the realization that her anger had not been completely her own. “Why did you call the med droid?” “You’re of more use alive than dead.” His brown eyes reflected off the light as he studied her, and Rey was again reminded of how young he looked, even with the light red scar that stitched together his face. She was about to demand more answers when Ren suddenly stared toward the door. “I’ll be back later. I would suggest resting.” He paused by the door and nodded at the couch. “There’s a blanket for you to use. Don’t go into my bedroom.” Rey stared at him in utter confusion as the door irised open and shut behind his tall figure. When she tried the door, it remained firmly closed. The side of Ren’s head pounded in time with his heartbeat. The bright lights of the corridor irritated the headache, and he fervently wished he had thought to take his mask with him to shield his eyes and keep his damned emotions off his face. He was sure his skin was pale – not that paleness was usual for him – but his stomach roiled as if he had caught some pathogen. He would have to settle for a mask of irritation. The other knights knew not to irritate him, especially when he had a strong desire to copy the girl’s earlier behavior in his quarters. His hands trembled, and he closed them into fists as the turbolift took him to the ground floor. He pulled his hood over his head, silently glad for the less sterile feel of the corridor that he entered. Dirt labeled past footsteps, and although a cleaning droid worked to clean it, the Knights of Ren were too active, too busy coming to and from the base as well as training for the ground floor to be as clean as the lower levels. Three figures in robes – one dark grey, the others much lighter – walked opposite him and lowered their heads respectfully as Ren approached. The darker clothed one spoke cheerfully in a distinct Arkanis accent, “We’d always welcome a demonstration in the training fields, Lord Ren.” Ren let one eyebrow raise, feeling his shoulder throb painfully at the mere thought of the exertion training would do to it. Not that he would allow the other knights to know that. His position was too important for them to know how slowly he was healing, and Vader had performed incredible feats in combat with four synthetic limbs. He should be able to manage and recover from a wrecked tendon. “I’m sure your demonstrations are more than adequate, Auros.” The other two – students, judging by how light their robes were – looked up at him with bright eyes that only served to irritate Ren as they traced the scar across his face. Neither had Force-sensitivity, which did not surprise Ren. Finding one was relatively rare; they did not have the man-power to hunt sensitives down, nor did they have the necessary facilities to raise children as the Jedi once did. Auros, an older man with a scruffy half-grey-half-brown beard, grinned up at Ren. “Ah, but your lightsaber skills are legendary, and I’m sure you’ve gained more since your additional time with the Supreme Leader. It would be refreshing to see those moves compared to the starting staff and blaster training.” The leather of Ren’s gloves creaked as he curled his fingers into fists. “A later time.” “Of course, Lord Ren.” Auros dipped his head respectfully again, and Ren appreciated that he knew when not to press. The trainer beckoned to the two students, and they traipsed down the hall, leaving Ren to complete his path to the main hangar alone. Several ships that belonged to the senior members of the Knights of Ren rested with varying degrees of ominocity. His own Upsilon- class was docked near the hangar doors, and a few members of the crew milled about outside, watching the pilot making repairs through an open paneling. Crew members for the other ships walked between the ships, laughing with each other. A few admired the pristine Starfighters docked against the sides, but there was a careful avoidance of one ship in particular – an old Kom’rik -class fighter – where a slight woman hunched over the rear engine. Karis, with her white and grey skin that looked even paler in her deep blacks, was one of the last surviving Nightsisters. While the other Knights of Ren had unique skills, she had powers and gifts that nearly rivaled Ren’s own. Ren approached her, noting with a small sense of satisfaction that the crew members took care to get out of his way. She did not bother to look up as Ren approached. “Come to accuse me of something else?” “Not unless you refuse to give me a report, Karis.” Karis grunted, her white face illuminated briefly by the vibrospanner. “I figured you’d want more time with your new pet.” The anger within Ren leapt for the bait, but he clenched his fists until it became painful as he forced back an outburst. It would not do to get into a fight with Karis, not in front of the crew nor with his kriffing shoulder. “Nesan?” Karis leaned against the engine with a drawn-out sigh and turned to look at him. “He’s pretty beat up, but a couple hours in a bacta tank will cheer him up. That won’t fix his pride, though. A couple of the others want to vote to lighten his colors for letting a starving girl get the better of him. Not to mention his misconduct with her.” “It was a directive of Leader Snoke to be rough with her, but he went too far.” He lowered his voice, ensuring with the Force that no one else was close enough to listen in. “It did bring her closer to the Dark Side than anything Maila did, or even Snoke himself.” Karis nodded thoughtfully, her grey eyes flicking back and forth between Ren’s. He could sense some caution from her, but she hid it well. “I would imagine so. No doubt quite a bit of turmoil? The surviving Resistance members haven’t even tried to rescue her,” her voice lowered to match Ren’s, “Not even Skywalker and his new apprentice.” Notes: Comments are always appreciated. Thank you so much for reading.