A Learning Experience (Matt/Reader) Summary: Matt teaches you how to sexually please him. “You’re- Mmm… Doing great sweetheart.” Matt murmured above you, gently stroking the top of your head. You were on your knees, arms cusped around Matt’s hips, a soft pillow below you to cushion the hard ground and keep your legs from turning numb. Matt softly whispered praise as you continued to take him deeper in your mouth. He was huge and you were inexperienced, but he was such a patient, kind teacher. His velvety, firm shaft rested on your tongue as his thick head gently prodded at the back of his throat. “Alright, remember what I told you, relax your throat…” You obliged, hollowing your cheeks, sucking him in gently as you swallowed the tip. He gently pushed himself in, the tangy, salty taste of precum dancing on your tastebuds. “Oh, fuck yes…” He sighed breathelessly. You blushed as his pleasure, but suddenly you felt that familiar, uncomfortable pressure begin to press down on in your throat. You inwardly panicked, trying to lubricate your throat further but it was too late. You gagged hard, almost causing you to vomit, Matt noticed right away and quickly pulled himself from your mouth. You coughed up thick gobs of saliva as Matt bent down with a handful of tissues to catch it and wipe your face, an irritation still scratching at your throat. “Are you ok?” He asked. “Yes… I’m sorry Matty.” You noticed his throbbing erection was wishing to be relieved. “You’re really close… I can try again.” Matt bit his lip. “Are you sure?” “Yes.” You stated, but your uneven breath stated otherwise. Matt slowly shook his head and helped you to your feet. “I don’t want to risk hurting you further…” You sighed, feeling a flush of embarrassment and prickling tears of disappointment. Falling onto your bed, you buried your face in a pillow. “Don’t do that, love…” Matt laid down beside you, his warm, wet erection still apparent against your thigh, causing you to shiver slightly. “We can try another day, you’re getting better each time.” “But Kylo and Ben-” “But whatever.” He gently traced his fingers around your abdomen, a soothing motion that allowed your muscles to untense. “No one’s born an expert, even if Ben says he was. You know how many times I’ve heard ‘Wrong hole!’ Come from his room?” You felt the tickles of laughter erupt from your chest as you turned and kissed Matt on the lips. “Thanks love… I needed that.” You gently caressed his chest before trailing down to the heated, moist part of his hardened shaft. “And you need help with this.” Matt smirked slightly. “What do you have in mind, my sweet?” You gently rolled Matt onto his back and let him sit up. “Relax…” You echoed as you ghosted your fingers over his erection. Matt let out a soft groan as his cheeks turned pink and his chest became shaky. He gently grasped your a hair as you slowly began to graze your fingers around his shaft. You took your sweet time, admiring every soft moan coaxed from his mouth, how his cock twitched at your touch, how his red tip began to leak precum. You moved one hand beneath his sack and gently squeezed them together as you began to palm and pump his shaft. “Oh… Fuck, you’re so good at this. The best I’ve every had.” He moaned, his cock twitching in your hand. “I’m so close…” You began to massage his firm sack, drawing out a sweet amount of moans from Matt. Trailing your hand upward, your fingers caught his precum. Smirking to yourself, you dragged it down his shaft and swirled it at the base. Matt groaned loudly, fisted your hair and pushing you closer to his cock. “Please my sweet…” He begged, panting heavily. Smiling you placed a kiss at his tip, before wetting your lips and taking him into your mouth. Matt did his best to avoid your throat as he gently grinding against your mouth. “Sweetheart… You’re- unf, amazing!” Encouraged by Matt you began to suck, feeling the tang return to your tongue. You bobbed up and down, every motion causing Matt to increase in the volume of his mewls and yelps. The tang returned to your tongue once more as you swirled it around his shaft, caressing the veins and ridges, then beginning to suck, Matt grasped your hair desperately, squirming and crying in pleasure. “I don’t- Mm. Care if you can deep throat me or not...” He murmured, one hand stroking the side of your face. “Fuck, I don’t even care if we have sex or not...” His cock contracted, Matt moaned as he doubled over in pleasure as his creamy, salty seed spilled into your mouth. You were quick to swallow every last drop as if gave you life. Matt carefully pulled his limp cock from your mouth and fell back on your bed, satisfied. You quickly got up and rested beside him, but realized a familiar heat forming in your lower abdomen. “I love you.” Matt spoke as he pulled you close. “I love you too...” You mumbled against his chest. His hands traveled your naked body, ripples of pleasure spreading after every touch. You felt your arousal coil in your stomach as he drew closer to your wet folds. “My turn.” Matt smirked. Chapter 2 : The Lazy Day (Matt/Reader) Summary: A stormy warming is a perfect day to lay in bed and relax, clothing optional of course. The distant rumble of thunder was the first thing that pulled you awake, the second was the feeling of a moist, warm kiss on your shoulder. “Morning.” Matt murmured softly, gently wrapping his broad arms around you. One was between your shoulder and your breasts, the other just across your bare tummy. You felt a smile grow across your face, even after a night of passionate lovemaking, Matt still wasn’t sexual with you until you said it was okay. That’s one of the things that made him the best boyfriend you’ve ever had. “Morning.” You mumbled into his arm, you heard the pounding rain clearly now. “It’s pretty bad out there huh?” “Yeah, it’s recommended not to go out today, good thing that we didn’t have anything to do.” Matt yawn and rested his chin against your shoulder. “So, what do you want to do?” You smirked as you turned into his arms, pressing your bare chest against his and wrapping one leg around his hip. His heart began to beat strongly against your chest and his erection began to stiffen against your inner thigh. “I think you’ve got an idea...” You whispered into his ear, then bit and pulled his lobe. Matt chuckled deeply and gently grasped your wrist before rolling you onto your back. Winking at you, he slipped under the sheets but his head paused at your stomach. When you lifted the sheets, you could see he was staring at your breasts. You felt your body flush as your nipples began to harden. “You’re so beautiful...” He spoke, his warm breath brushed against your stomach. His hands trailed upwards, then lightly cupped your breasts, just avoiding your areolas. He gently squeezed them, an involuntary sigh of pleasure left your lungs. He smiled at your reaction, then dragged his thumbs over your sensitive nipples. You giggled, squeaked and moaned as he continued to knead your breasts. “Fuck...” He whispered, drawing out the word as he kissed your breasts. “You’re a fucking masterpiece, your breasts are perfect in my hands.” He released your breasts then placed a soft kiss on your abdomen. He then kissed your stomach. You felt the nerves coil in your stomach and your folds began to dampen as his chin brushed against your public bone, then trailed further down. Your pussy clenched as Matt beamed down at your wet clit. “So wet for me already?” Matt purred, stroking the moist edges of your cunt. You shivered as you felt your arousal begin to drip from his touch. “Matt...” He gently slid a warm finger inside you, curling against your flushed flesh. You arched your back and groaned in pleasure. “You’re always so wet for me, so tight, so perfect around my fingers... And my cock.” You yelped as he kissed the hood of your vagina. The heat and pressure of your arousal was weighing down in your lower stomach, almost too much to bear. “Matt... Stop teasing me.” You begged, placing both hands on his soft, curly hair. Matt smirked as he rested both hands on your thighs and made long strokes along your entrance before gently separating your slit. His warm breath met your soaked cunt as your need stung your insides. His hot tongue brushed against your pussy lips, causing you moan. Slowly, he circled your sensitive nub, gently using his tongue to dip into your folds. You squirmed and squealed as Matt coated you in his saliva, trying your best to push him closer. “So eager my love? Alright, you’ll get what you want.” Matt chuckled against your flesh, causing you to shiver. You mewled as Matt’s tongue dipped into your hole, then began to play with your bundle of nerves. You practically came from the stimulation alone, but your walls continued to twitch and clench at his touch. “Matt...” You panted, gripping his hair tightly. “Keep... Keep going... I love you so damn much!” “I love you too baby...” Matt mumbled. Spurned on by your words, Matt’s licks and kisses increased in speed and intensity. You giggled, moaned, wailed as your walls contracted, your flooded arousal gushed out of you and onto Matt’s tongue. Pleasure buzzed around your flushed body as Matt lapped you clean. He sat up on his legs, his thick erection sprung forward, the tip glistening with precum as he swirled his tongue to the corners of his mouth. You felt your stomach heat and knot again, it was your turn. You grabbed his thick shoulders and pulled him down, you stood up and threw a leg over him, finally pinning him to the bed. He looked shocked for a second, but mirrored your devilish smile. “You are somehow both the most adorable and sexist man I know.” You husked as snaked your hands up his stomach to his chest, feeling the firm ridges of his muscles, swaddled in softness of his skin. “This fucking amazing body that gets me so hot.” Matt hissed as you dragged your nails down his chest, leaving strings of red skin in your wake. “And your voice, you can make me cum just by talking...” You traced your hands around his throbbing cock, that twitched at your touch. He whimpered and his body began to relax, completely submitting himself to your control. You smiled as you rose on your knees, teasing his tip against your clit. “And I didn’t even start on your perfect cock.” You chuckled as you lowered yourself onto his dick, his solid head separating your tender flesh. You shook and groaned in unison as his penis was sheathed fully inside you. Breathing heavily, you slowly rose and fell, feeling his cock pushed up into you. “You fill me so perfectly, your full head, your thick shaft, your firm sack...” You began to pant as you continued to ride him, the knot of pleasure tightening inside you as your cunt began to leak on his cock. “I could bind with you forever...” Matt thrust up to meet your bounces, his strained breath and deep grunts proof of his pleasure. “Me too- Fuck, I love you so much! You make me so happy- Unf, I want to do everything...” He wrapped his arms around your waist, looking up at you with those puppy eyes and warm smile. “To make you happy... I love you.” You smiled sincerely as you grinded against his pelvis. “I want to make you happy too.” You leaned forward and kissed him. He rocketed forward pressing into your cunt with as much force as you could take, causing you to throw back your head and wail out of pleasure. His cock twitched, blowing his hot, creamy load into your clit. You moaned as your second orgasm ripped through you, waves of pleasure spread throughout your body. After that faded, you felt Matt breathe deeply under you, almost overwhelmed by pleasure. “Are you ready to pull out, Matty?” You asked breathlessly. “Just a minute...” He grinned up at you, obviously staring at your heaving breasts. “Admiring the view...” You laughed before leaning forward, practically shoving it in his face. “Admire it closer...” Matt laughed and kissed where your beating heart was. “Alright... You ready?” You nodded and slowly rose as Matt’s now limp cock withdrew from inside you, leaking out the mixture of your fluids. You laid on your side again as you rested on his firm, smooth chest and wrapped your arms around him, locking them on his side, never wanting to let go. Matt smiled and kissed your head. “How about I go heat up some breakfast burritos, grab some snacks while you put on a movie so we can stay in bed and cuddle?” “Alright, I gotta use the bathroom anyway.” You slid out of bed before donning one of Matt’s fluffy sweaters (and nothing else) before using the bathroom and cleaning up a bit, then grabbed Star Wars: The Original Trilogy and popping it into your TV. Just as you were watching the previews, Matt came in with an armful of juice, sweets, snacks and a plate of steaming breakfast burritos before placing it on the table next to your bed. You both settled under the sheets, feeling the warmth of skin on skin with the fluffy fabrics gently wrapped around you, everything seemed perfect, “Hey Matt,” You said. “Do you think Carrie Fisher and Harrison Ford look like your parents?” Matt looked at you oddly. “Not at all.” “Um... Ok?”