Finn clears his throat. “Poe?” “Yeah?” “I have a weird question.” Poe looks up from his datapad with a grin. “I live to answer those, buddy.” Finn laughs. “It might be a bit personal, though. You don’t have to answer.” “That’s okay. I’ll decide when I hear it.” Finn nods, then looks down at his hands that are rubbing down his thighs with nerves. He balls them into fists to stop them and takes a deep breath. He notices something moving on the bed and looks to see Poe patting the space next to him. Finn nods again and moves to sit next to his friend, leaning against the wall and hugging his knees. “It’s not... Anything scary,” he tries to explain why he’s anxious. “It’s just that... Talking about the Order—you know, the structure and stuff? That’s easy, ‘cause I know I’m helping, I know it’ll bring them down, eventually. But the more... Personal, the mundane stuff. That’s what gets to me.” He’s staring straight ahead, but out the corner of his eye he can see Poe looking at him. “You don’t have to tell me anything you don’t want to,” Poe says gently, and Finn gives him a little smile. “Yeah, I know. I just wanna give you some context so the question makes a little more sense,” he says. “Like I said, this one isn’t scary, so it’s not... Terrible to talk about. Just uncomfortable.” He takes another breath before he begins. “We weren’t really allowed... Affection. Like, it wasn’t a thing. I respected my squad, and we were trained to be loyal. But there was never anything more... Intimate than that. And I don’t just mean sex. I’m pretty sure the others actually did that sometimes, but there was no... Love between us. Platonic or otherwise. And it was fine. I mean,” he frowns. “Now I realize it wasn’t fine. But it’s not like I was missing something. I just didn’t think about it. But here...” He hesitates. “Here.” “People love each other,” Poe suggests quietly. Finn chuckles. “Yeah. And they’re so open about it, you know? I mean, you are, too.” He finally turns to look at Poe. “I actually read something... I think the book was about culture? That people need positive touches. And I noticed you... Sorry if this is weird,” he mumbles, but Poe just shakes his head and waits for him to continue. “I noticed that you touch people a lot when you talk, like a hand on their shoulder or arm?” “Yeah,” Poe says when Finn pauses. “I was wondering if you... If you did it because it makes you or who you’re talking to feel better? Because not everyone does it.” He bites the inside of his cheek, embarrassed at admitting how much time he actually spends observing people. Poe is silent for a moment, not quite looking at Finn, but it’s obvious he’s thinking over his answer. “I think the answer is yes. In a way.” He chuckles. “I remember watching my dad when I was little, he was like that as well. Everyone felt close to him, even total strangers. It just made him look so cool, you know? He could get along with everyone, make them feel welcome. Even if someone felt uncomfortable around people, his arm around their shoulders would make them relax a little bit.” “Is that why you do it to me?” Finn asks. Poe frowns. “No. Are you uncomfortable around people?” “I don’t know. I’m just not used to it, I guess.” Finn shrugs. “With you it’s easy, but I don’t think think anyone else trusts me that much yet.” And it is true. He has people’s respect, and on the battlefield they get along just fine, but friendship seems to be a little harder to achieve. Poe opens his eyes to protest, but seems to think better of it. He takes a breath. “I like you. I know that you know that,” he adds with a laugh before Finn can. “But you’re a good man and I like being around you. So putting a hand on your shoulder comes natural, I don’t really think about it.” Finn nods. “I just wish it came as naturally to me, I guess.” “It will, in time,” Poe assures him. “People will see how great you are. Until then,” he says and lays his hand on Finn’s thigh, palm up. When Finn smiles and laces their fingers together, Poe leaves his datapad on the side and puts his other hand on top of Finn’s. “I like being around you, too, for the record,” Finn says. “Yeah?” Poe grins. “What do you like about me?” “I don’t know.” Finn laughs. “Just... You.” Poe’s gaze turns soft at that, and Finn can’t resist pressing a little kiss to his forehead. “Finn,” Poe whispers, eyes bright, and snuggles up closer to him. “If we’re being honest, I don’t get how the entire base hasn’t fallen for you already.” “Have you fallen for me?” Finn asks. “Might have,” Poe mumbles. He looks at Finn with a little smile, but he bites his lip with worry in a moment. “That doesn’t have to mean anything to you.” “It means a lot,” Finn says softly. “I like you, too. I’m just not sure what to do about it.” Poe grins and kisses his cheek lightly before he lays his head on Finn’s shoulder. “We’ll figure it out.” Notes: this is what happens when you can't stop thinking about poe clutching finn's hand in both of his and gazing at him lovingly but you don't have the art skills to do something about it. i wanted to write something else to honour carrie, but this is what came out in the end. here's to our princess, and to everyone and everything we lost this year. may 2017 be kinder to us all. tumblr: quaintfic