//:where to begin? There was a theme in damages when it came to Rey’s creations. She’d noticed that they somehow always got involved in gang activity of some kind. It was always the same gangs to-- the Resistance and the First Order used them the most-- and that was the reason she’d opened up a hospital (specifically tailored to operate on cyborgs) because her machines were not meant for war. They were meant to live lives like normal people. So she couldn’t figure out-- why would anyone want to use them like they were slaves when they were meant to be far from such. Finn had been her first patient, and subsequently became her best friend afterwards. He’d ran away from the First Order and ended up getting shot in the back. She repaired him, and Rey had meant to set him free into the world again but it ended up going exactly the opposite. He had told her that he wanted to help-- that he liked to help heal people. “Would you like to help me-- make this hospital a reality?” She asked. “That would be awesome,” He spoke like a human, he was more human than Rey felt was even possible for her to be, so they started it. Going through all the legal ramifications, dipping into a certain amount of her savings, and splitting time between her company and the hospital. Her second patient had been Poe Dameron, one of the Resistance’s best fighters-- he and Finn had hit it off quick-- sticking close together most of the time. She couldn’t stop him from going back out and fighting though, breaking Finn’s heart a little every time. Rey was paged at all different times during the day, and some times it was the bane of her existence. The clock read ‘2:30’ and she just about wanted to die. She called Finn-- hoping that he could take care of this-- but when he answered the phone the first thing he said was, “I’ve never seen so much blood in my life.” “What’s going on Finn?” “A cyborg from the First Order was taken in… um… I need you. He’s in really bad shape.” “I’m coming.” When Rey had gotten there, she noted that nearly no progress had been made. The cyborg was in really bad condition to say the least, one of his arms only hanging on by a metal cord, multiple bullet holes, and a couple of lacerations. This was going to be a long night. “I need the room to myself,” “He's First Order what if he wakes up-?” “Better me than you, Finn. Now go get me something with a shit ton of caffeine in it and let me have the room.” He sighed-- but began to move out of the way-- clearing everyone out of the room. Once there was silence, Rey adjusted her glasses and put her hair in a ponytail, starting at her work. The first objective; retrieve all the bullets. This was going to take a long time. It had taken nearly twenty four hours to get all the bullets out of him and fix his arm, buff up all the scratches on the metallic parts of his surface, and give him a ‘blood transfusion’ of sorts, and he was finally in stable condition. Rey was able to figure out what his face looked like and could repair it just as easy. The only thing left was a question of the coding, she’d pulled out one of the computers from the side of the room and plugged it into his port, Finn knocked on the door. “I can’t let you in to take over Finn-” “I’m just here to say that if I bring you any more monster I’m going to have to operate on you for having cardiac arrest.” “So be it, I need one more before this thing is over.” He sighed, turned to Poe who was looking through the door with a look of ire on his face. Rey had a sudden realization that Poe might’ve been the one who did this to the cyborg-- or at least part of it-- it wouldn’t have been the first time. “Poe, can you go get one this time?” “Yeah,” He disappeared from sight as Rey began to run basic diagnostics and plan to dig deeper to make sure that code hadn’t been restricted. “Did you know that he used to be human?” Rey said. “I gathered by the human blood,” “Yeah- you know who else was a human model--?” “Galen’s creation, Rogue One.” “He has a family, just like she did.” Finn sighed and leaned against the door. “Don’t get attached, Rey. You know that it’s going to bite you in the ass later,” Finn was right, but he was also in no position to give that advice. Rey looked back down at her computer and bit her lip. They’d turned off a whole slew of things that were necessary to function as a humanoid. This was going to take awhile. The room was too white and his heart valve was pumping in four four time, it took him a minute to regulate his heartbeat, to let his white balance level the room. He was in a hospital, but this wasn’t an ordinary hospital. No--it was one filled with tools and large, sharp, looking ones at that. “Before you start to panic, it’s what most cyborgs start doing.” Kylo was in restraints. He looked down expecting to see bullet holes at the least, but instead he saw nothing. Everything had been fixed up. “My name is Rey Kenobi, I was your doctor, I’m glad to see you are back up and running.” Ren fixated on a girl, small with her hair pulled back into three buns, she wore glasses that were slightly crooked on her nose. “Your model is unfamiliar to me although I was able to gather from your coding that you are not my model… some of the coding is mine though… that is besides the point. What’s your name?” He didn’t answer her. “I would like to know your name, if that’s possible.” “Where am I?” “The hospital,” “Which hospital?” “Mine, I own it.” The door caught his eye. “The door- why is it locked?” “Because you are First Order and whilst this neutral territory and I don’t like to discriminate between gangs, I don’t want you hurting any of my other patients.” “Did my owners- come?” He looked afraid. “Cyborgs were not made to be owned,” She said. “You are your own man,” “My captors, ” He just looked annoyed now. “Did my captors come for me?” “You were left for dead in a ditch, that’s all I know about you. There is a security detail here if that is what you’re worried about.” Something told her that whatever mess he’d been caught in between might be more catastrophic than her original theory of Poe unloading on him. She furrowed her brow. “Now, your name!” Chapter 2 : //:human-life Summary: "Kylo Ren," "Weird name, but no." Objective One: Get the patient to participate in therapeutic activities. He called himself ‘Kylo Ren’, and for some reason, refused to do anything that Rey asked him to do. “Therapy time,” “If I haven't gone to ‘therapy’ a single time you've come in and asked, what makes you think this is any different?” he asked. Rey rolled her eyes, opening the door. “Because I think you have the heinous idea that if you go to therapy, you'll go back out into the world quicker, and you're scared. Scared the First Order will find you for whatever horrible thing you did to them, and kill you. I have protected apartments under my name that I could put you under. Disguise you as a human. I have done this before. Now get up before I get Finn and Poe to flip up your mattress and force you to get up.” This got him up and out the door, subsequently making Rey feel very proud of herself. “I woke you up earlier than the other patients,” she said. “Thanks? I really would've liked to charge a little longer.” “Your charging will be fine, this will only take twenty minutes, then you could go back to moping around a hospital room.” Rey smiled back at Kylo, whose face was entirely void of emotion, and then swiped her I.D. card, opening up the gym. “I assume you don't like working out with other people,” She was right, people were the embodiment of unnecessary to him. So were other cyborgs. “The gym, all to myself?” “I’ll be watching over a monitor to make sure your vitals are in good condition and that you don’t try to end your life with a barbell, but mostly. Yes.” Something about that remark obviously irritated him, Rey didn’t know why. But she smiled, adjusting her glasses, and he shook his head, going into the gym alone. Objective One: Completed. Objective Two: Try Not To Stab the Patient. Physical therapy had gone well, his vitals were just as they should be if he’d been functioning normally without hinderance of bullet holes. “You did a miracle on him,” Finn said. “He didn’t look like he was gonna make it,” “I’m starting to feel a bit woozy,” “The seventy two hours without sleep finally getting to you?” “Seventy two- holy shit.” Rey mumbled. “Take a nap, I’ll watch him for the last thirty minutes and then wake you up.” “Thanks Finn.” When she had woken up and started to take Kylo to his bedroom, she couldn’t help but notice the way that he clenched his hands when he walked. Like he was constantly angry-- except something was off for him. Ren was processing something that he hadn’t before, causing his posture to be a little more upright and the clenching of his left hand to be an on and off thing. “Stop staring,” Kylo told her. Rey opened her mouth to reply that she wasn’t staring, she was merely observing him when he said, “There’s something wrong with my code, and I have a feeling you have something to do with that. That’s why you’re staring because you feel guilty.” They stopped at his room and she couldn’t have been happier in her life. “I am not guilty, and your code is perfectly fine, the First Order was the one that nearly wrecked it to pieces and I salvaged it. Now stop being an ass and go mope in your room.” This had gone on for several days, and Kylo had just gotten more irritating to her by the second. She tried, for the life of her, to help him. It wasn’t until today that it seemed to register to the cyborg what she was really doing. He was about to go to his scheduled gym session when the other cyborg pushed him back into his room. “You need to stay in here,” “This is my scheduled time to-” “I know that, smart ass. The First Order is here though, and they’re looking for you.” The two of them stayed in the room, the door slightly cracked open so they could watch as the man who went by the name ‘The General’ walked through the hallway with Rey, who should’ve looked scared. All she looked was a bit annoyed. “So General, would you mind telling me who exactly you’re looking for instead frightening everyone else here?” “Aren’t these all droids? Droids don’t have emotions.” Rey laughed-- and Kylo was pretty sure she’d given him the finger behind her back at some point. “Droids are different from cyborgs, General. They have emotions.” “Right, whatever. I’m looking for a very specific cyborg .” he snarled. Kylo’s blood ran cold as he expected her next move. To give him up. “He goes by the name of Kylo Ren, and works for me. Rather a disappointment. Big, tall, part human. With… hair…” “That’s real specific,” “Lots of it? Mitaka help me out.” They showed Rey a mugshot of him, but her face was kept stone still. “No recognition,” “All of our recent patients have either been female or have had no gender at all. Or at least determinable. I’ll keep a lookout for him though, must’ve done something really bad to warrant you to come looking for him.” “You’re hiding him somewhere? Aren’t you?” “Never seen this Kyle Ren a day in my life,” Kylo cringed at the clear mispronunciation of his name, and then spent the next few seconds wondering why he cringed. That didn’t happen. “Kylo Ren,” “Kylie Renner?” “ Kylo Ren, ” “Weird name, but no.” Finally Hux gave up and went away, they waited there another minute before Rey motioned for them both to come out. The hallways were cleared of First Order and Kylo hated to admit it, but he had a new admiration for the small, mousy woman that saved his life that day. She adjusted her glasses with one finger and calmly asked Finn, “I’m hungry, are you hungry?” “I think the sight of the General ruined my appetite.” She laughed and then turned her eyes to Kylo. “Does that to a lot of people. Ren?” Cyborgs normally never ate and for the longest time he was told that he did not have a functioning stomach, but that was not true, as he felt some sort of pain in that area that might signify hunger. “Yes- I think.” “There’s a bakery over on Eighth Street, right next to my apartment complex, do you want to come?” He didn’t really know if he had a choice in the matter. “Why not?”