One She doesn’t know how but she is on an island. It is familiar, almost hauntingly so, but it bares no resemblance to any place she’s ever been. With its rocks and unforgiving ledges, Ach-To is almost as harsh as Jakku. This island, this unknown place, looks more like the paradises you see in holos. There are trees bearing fruits in vivid yellows and oranges and even the sand is tinged a rosy pink. Her legs feel almost shaky but she finds her way to the water’s edge soon enough. It’s warm, almost hot, and if she weren’t too scared to take off her boots, she’d dip her toes into the slowly moving tide. It would be almost a vacation if she could see anything on the horizon, but her field of view is just as quiet as the ground beneath her feet. She is alone, utterly alone, banished in a mockery of Luke’s self-imposed exile. Another lifetime ago, she must have wept. Another lifetime ago, she wouldn’t have deserved it. But she puts that out of mind for later and sets about on foot. A quick search of the island’s outer rim yields nothing but futility and so she journeys closer to the island’s center. There’s a lake of sorts hidden beneath a tree canopy and the water is almost bitter with how cold it is. She drinks near enough to make her stomach ache but it’s a far better feeling than going without. Somewhere deeper still is a cave. Overgrown shrubs hide the entrance but Luke’s saber makes quick work of the most troublesome brambles. If this were Jakku, there would be nothing but sand snakes writhing on the ground. Annoying pests but easy enough to slice and fry up. If she were particularly lucky, there might even be some flint. Instead she finds him. -- “You,” she snarls, drawing her saber out from its hilt. He doesn’t look surprised. In fact, he seems more expectant than anything else and she loathes the scar on his face for only adding to dignified way he freezes in his tracks. There’s a bundle of wood right beside him. By the size of it, he’s had more than enough time to anticipate her arrival. "Why are you here?" Her saber hand trembles but the blue light stays strong. "The same reason you are," Kylo says, far too calm for someone so threatened. "I was made to. I didn't have a choice." His weapon is dormant but his hand moves subtly lower, grazing his hilt. He lets the branch in his hand fall with a clang and she jumps in spite of herself. For a few blinding moments, she sees only snow steeped with blood. "Don't come closer," she snaps. "I'll kill you. I'm not Master Luke, I'll do it with a smile." "But you won't," he says. He disobeys her, stepping forward with each step of her retreat. "You'd die before killing me. I've seen it." He juts into her mind, forcing upon her the dream she's had for weeks, one too terrible to be anything but real. She shuts him out as best he can, but it isn't quick enough to hide the sight of her body limp in his arms. The imitation of him weeps. She supposes it must be for her. "Stop it," she yells. "You have no right to that." Luke's saber flickers in the shadows of the cave and he smiles cheerlessly. "I have every right," he says. "I see it just as you do. You know it's all true..." She doesn't hear the rest. -- Rey runs, as fast as she can and then even faster until she’s waist deep into the ocean. The water had seemed so pleasant earlier but her limbs begin to shake as pleasant heat becomes a distant memory. It is suddenly cold, far too cold, but she swims as crudely as she can towards somewhere far away. She barely knows how to swim and she tries desperately to remember every note Master Luke had given her when she’d fallen into the river. She is a child, lost in an overgrown tub, and she’d loathe herself if it meant suddenly growing gills. The salt of the water is harsh and her eyes are nearly shut from self-preservation but she’s far too angry to slow down. If she could look back, she’d see the island fading away but she refuses, more on principle than anything else. A harsh wave knocks the saber from her hand and she reaches forward to grab it. She is borne forward by the current but her leg catches on something that refuses to let go. If it’s a beast, its grip is hardly deterred by her kicking, and it moves far too fast for her to get a closer look as suddenly it drags her down to the sea floor. She wills the beast to stop its slaughter but it can either withstand the Force or she’s simply grown too weak for it to be effective. Her lungs begin to fill with water and she curses the ghosts that left her on Jakku for choosing such a desolate place to doom their daughter. But even as she falls, the ocean is still so beautiful and at least she's be given that. It will be over soon, so there’s not much left to do but drown. It is more peaceful than she imagined, much nicer than starving to death and a far sight easier than collapsing in a junker. It’s almost pleasant and she thinks of Han’s falling body as she sinks deeper still. Was he calm like this when he drew his last breaths? Did the world start to glow as the life left his body? There is a flurry of something dark and desperate, the screams of someone all too familiar, and then suddenly nothing at all. She hopes selfishly before her eyes close for the remembrance someone more careful deserves. -- There are bodies, heaped in piles likes discarded nuts and bolts. None of them are familiar but it doesn’t make the spectacle any less revolting. Blood stains the ground and she wretches before she can stop herself. The bile burns her throat and tears stain her eyes. Death perfumes the air and its scent is all too familiar. He stands over them, triumphant like some ancient demon, until his flaming sword turns to smite her. “ I had to kill them,” the voice says. There is no regret, no profound sorrow, just the terrifying neutrality that only the wicked possess. His eyes are just as dark and haunted as the rest of him and she cries out for someone who used to wear his face. The light of the blade flickers and he juts it even closer. Her skin nearly melts clean off but she holds firm. “Please don’t make me do the same to you, my love.” The ground crumbles beneath them and she starts to drown again. Her savior never comes . -- She wakes in the cave, alive but much the worse for wear. She must be alive. If she were dead, he wouldn’t be sitting beside her. He says nothing as she sits upright, only stares. His face seems gaunt somehow but his skin is still just as clean-shaven as she had remembered. There is no telling how much time has passed. It could be hours. It could be days. Clearing her throat is painful but so is being the object of such ardent observation so she speaks before giving into sleep’s welcoming embrace once more. “How long was I asleep?” There is no response even after she repeats the question. She waves a hand in front of his face but he either doesn’t notice or doesn’t care. She snorts, sounding every bit as undignified as she truly is, but he is unmoved. "Are you going to ignore me to death?" He doesn’t respond, just sulks like some overgrown raven. It's quite likely he hasn't blinked once. “It’s a simple question,” she insists as she stands on aching legs. Standing up isn’t too bad but it’s not particularly pleasant so she audibly winces. “No need to be rude about it.” She stumbles towards the waning light but she’d rather die before needing him to guide her. When she finally gets to the edge of the cave, the view reveals the same desolate bounty as before, but there’s bound to be another cave; another shelter that doesn’t hold murderers so she doesn’t waste time on pleasantries before deciding to leave. "I'm leaving,” she tells him but he remains silent even if he does meet her eye. "Don't stop me or I'll kill you.” She runs her hands over the pockets in her trousers, feeling for the trinkets she has always carried with her. There’s enough twine to fashion a spear and to keep her hair out of her face and she should be able to salvage some of the dried portion she remembers tucking away in a different lifetime. All she needs is the more recent addition and her fingers dart to her saber hilt in the last step of a well-practiced routine. Her belt is empty and Luke’s- never hers, it never felt quite like hers- saber is gone. -- Within seconds, she is only a breath away from him and he stands at his full height. "Where is it?” she hisses, only inches away from his beastly face. He is unchanged and she loathes him for it. “Give it back.” “It isn't yours,” he says plainly. “It doesn’t belong to you.” "It's not yours either," she says. “We both know that.” "But at least I respect it. You nearly let it drown with you,” he snaps. “If Luke knew anything, he'd have taught you to make your own instead of letting your talents go to waste with something so precious." "And I suppose you would have?" Rey taunts. "The great Kylo Ren would deign to lower himself with a scavenging little nothing like me. I’m sure it would really eat up the time you dedicate to destroying the galaxy." “I could forgive your humble beginnings if you wished for my guidance,” he says, stupidly calm. Every word is measured and his face is riddled with disgusting neutrality. “I never rescinded the offer I made on our first meeting. The fact that you were so eager to maim me is only proof I should have forced you to accept.” His scar shines even brighter now and she regrets only that it isn't deep enough. “I wanted to kill you,” she snarls. “I should have when I had the chance.” “Do it now then,” he retorts. “Make good on your promise.” Rey lunges for him but it’s hardly a fair fight. She’s half sea water and he’s had all the time in the world to let his loathing fester. She tries to claw his eyes but he grabs his wrists in his hands, letting his nails scrape far too hard. She kicks him but he either doesn’t feel it or doesn’t care, and when she tries to knock him over, he uses her weight against her. She’s quick but he’s massive and cleverer than she expected. Before she realizes it, she is pressed against the cave wall with her hands pinned together in one of his. His breathing is stilted and so is hers and her heart throbs maddeningly in her chest. His pupils are enormous and she can see only black. -- He could kill her outright. He doesn’t. -- Kylo swoops down and his teeth find her neck. He bites down, hard, and she moans despite herself, baring her neck even further as he attacks sunburnt skin with a ferocity she has never experienced. He tears her shirt with his free hand, sliding his fingers beneath the mangled remains of her breast band to examine what little lies beneath. His hands are rough on her breasts and she tries to kiss him-to pretend this is the normal way people go about things- but he refuses, his grip harder on her wrists as punishment for her cheek. His mouth is everywhere but her lips, raining a fiery trail down to the skin he has so callously exposed. He sucks on her right breast and she swears far too loudly for politeness. He leaves a bruise on the left and she nearly cries from needing more as he laves her with his tongue. Kylo’s hand dives lower still until there is no use denying the symptoms of his touch. He groans against her skin, sucking harder on her skin as he explores her. He rubs her clit, not out of tenderness but cruelty, and his fingers almost hurt. There's no hiding how wet she is and when she moans, she can feel him panting against the side of her neck. Her breath catches in her throat and his bites become almost loving as she thrusts against his hand. She can see his thoughts, a jumble that’s mostly her and she doubt her mind is any less subtle. He is in her even now just as she’s in him and they are so fucking intertwined that she might die right there, shedding the body he has so ruthlessly captured. She comes before she even has time to expect it. She bites her lip instead of screaming and the salt in her mouth turns coppery. -- There is no time to bask in the afterglow. Within seconds, he has her pressed against the cave floor with no hope of escape. He straddles her and lowers his pants just enough to expose his cock, hard and red and leaking. It should be fearsome but its mostly just beautiful and she leans forward to take it in hand before she can stop herself. "No," he growls, shoving her down as she reaches her hand out. "You don't get to touch me." He holds her down with one hand as he strokes himself with the other, his eyes searing into hers with something more than his previous disgust. He groans and suddenly he finishes, his cum hot on her breasts and stomach as their panting fills the air. She is bathed in him, stained filthy with the ruins of his teeth and mouth. Some of the excess decorates the hand on her chest and he casts it from her skin just as easily as he holds her down. He holds his fingers to her gaping mouth, nudging them deeper until she starts to suck them clean. The taste is bitter and she nearly gags from the intrusion but she does as she's told and savors each drop until he leans forward, replacing his hand with his mouth. She has kissed before. She kissed Poe once, her body humming with inebriation during one of the stupid party games young pilots liked during their few leisure days. Poe tells her she kissed Jessika too but if she did it was too hurried to be remembered. She even kissed Finn when he made a supply run to Ach-to just weeks ago, more out of gratitude than anything else, the excitement of being flesh and blood instead a vessel for the force. He was sweet and his lips were soft but it was nothing like this. Finn was gentle and Finn was kind but he wasn't this. Kylo kisses her like he wants to steal her breath. He bites and he claws, desperate to tear her open, to rip her soul straight from her body. He is blood and heat and wet and she almost has no choice but to fight back as he takes from her. She sees even more of him now. There is nothing left to hide. -- He pulls away eventually, much to her relief and disappointment. His pupils are still wide but the savagery from just moments before fades quickly back to nothingness. "You're the most wanted woman in the system. I’m sure my mother’s lackeys will have found you before the week is up," Kylo says with an almost clinical detachment. "Keep yourself alive until then." Even with the threat lingering in his words, her cunt still throbs with wanting him. "Good. I should be healed by then," she says curtly, eyeing the purple trail of destruction he has left on her skin. "Your mother’s lackeys will think you tried to eat me." He smiles and it is far harsher than his glower. His teeth are far too sharp. "I did," he tells her plainly. He moves an errant hair from where it hangs on her cheek. She waits with bated breath for the caress to turn into a slap. "I wanted to swallow you whole. I wanted to destroy you." He says this like the most solemn of wedding vows and her heart pounds in her chest. "Then you should have let me drown,” she says almost absentmindedly. “The ocean could have done it for you." His hand is suddenly on her neck, tight enough for her to feel it but just shy of a fatal blow. She can feel his restraint, the way his fingers tremble against her skin, but she’s not sure how long he can be kept at bay. "I'm the only one who gets to kill you," he says. His eyes are boring into hers and she can scarcely see a color than black. "Just as you are the only one who gets to kill me. Everything about you is mine." He kisses her again and it would be almost sweet if he weren't still holding onto her neck. His lips are gentle, beseeching instead of demanding, and she happily parts her lips to allow him entrance. He tastes of salt and copper, iron and blood, and it is the sweetest thing she’s ever drank. "Get some sleep," he says more like a father than a lover. "You need it." She expects another kiss, perhaps hopes for one, but he stalks out of the cave just as quickly as he set upon her. Exhaustion overtakes her before she can protest. -- Rey wakes to the smell of something briny and her stomach rumbles. She sits up, suddenly aware that the remnants of her shirt and breast band are crumpled beneath her head like a pillow. His sturdy overcoat covers her torso and she’d be touched if she weren’t angry at herself for sleeping deep enough to allow him such indulgences. He’s sitting in front of the hearth, practically undressed in his tunic and trousers. His saber is gone from his hilt, likely hidden wherever he thought to keep Luke's, and it is as close to a truce as they will likely ever get. There’s a good size fish roasting on the sizable fire he's made and even if she weren't so hungry, it is too cold not to bask in the fire's welcome heat. The only sound is the cackle of the embers and she contents herself with watching Kylo until he finally notices her stare. “Didn’t realize the First Order were so survivalist,” she says and he scoffs. "They’re not,” he says matter-of-factly before throwing more sticks into the flames. “I learned this before.” He doesn’t say when before was and even she has tact enough not to ask. For a fleeting second, she sees a boy with hair just as black and a long, sad face sitting round a fire with a slightly less gray Chewie and much less gray Han. It’s a pleasant enough scene but he shuts her out of his mind before she can continue prying. He hands her half the fish and she takes it a little too eagerly before retreating to the other side of the fire. The flesh is tender and she groans after savoring the first flaky bite. Master Luke is a fine teacher but he has forbidden any meat to be consumed while she is his pupil. To be fair, he had also forbidden physical attachments and here she sits covered in his last student’s cum. She would be repulsed but she’s mostly just hungry so she chooses instead to attack the fish with all the savagery still left in her. It’s good, far better than the dried rations they serve on Resistance bases, but he doesn’t need any telling. She’s done with her portion in minutes, looking up only when she’s done. His fish is still intact- unmarred by desperation- and he seems content to have feasted solely with his eyes. "You're filthy," he says but not cruelly. It’s matter-of-fact and given her current condition, she can hardly deny its accuracy. "Absolutely revolting." "I'm only filthy because I smell like you," she barks. "It's your fault, not mine." He lets out a pleased sort of hum at this, looking far smugger than he has any right to be. “I suppose it is,” he says with a note of finality. “How rude of me.” He picks at his half of the fish with the sort of fickleness she’d only ever seen on stray cats. Even if she didn’t know his mother better than the woman who bore her, his disinterest alone would be enough to shape her visions of a sunny childhood. He’d been allowed the luxury of waste. Her stomach aches with envy and she nearly drools as he slowly sets it down. "Come here," he says abruptly, beckoning her with curled fingers. "I want to look at you." “You can see me just fine from across the fire,” she says. “Eat your dinner if you need something to do.” “I’ll give you the rest of my portion if you’re good,” he replies. “Indulge me.” He raises an eyebrow and she’s too hungry and far too stupid to ignore such an enticing proposition. She walks over with the resignation of a condemned man but he doesn’t seem put off in the slightest. She stands before him, eyes rolling before she has a chance to stop herself. She crosses her arms across her chest but lets them fall to her sides when he shakes his head and threatens to throw the fish into the fire. "Are you satisfied then?" Rey asks. "Do I meet your exacting standards?” He smirks and she scowls even further. "Take off your pants next," he commands in a brusque tone. "Underwear too. I want to see all of you before you eat.” She sighs but his face is just as unyielding as the rest of him so she shucks off her bottoms as clinically as possible. If it weren’t for the great weight of his coat, her legs would freeze, but more shocking than the night air is the way he tugs her closer. She squawks as he grabs her ass but her sounds of indignation are soon replaced by an almost timid moan as his finger dips between her folds. "You're still wet," he says, looking at her with something that is almost pride. "Even wetter than before. I can smell it." Kylo steals his finger back from her cunt and sucks on it. It comes out of his mouth with a pop and her cheeks burn with embarrassment and want. "And yet it's me that's filthy," she mutters under her breath. He laughs, a pleasing rich sort of laugh that roars from somewhere deep in his stomach. She likes it, his laugh. It is an utterly pleasant thing, something nearly as warm as the flames themselves. "I never claimed to be good," he says and the way his finger finds it way back against her clit is proof enough. His lips brush up against her and she lets out a shaky breath. "You pride yourself on it." He kisses her mound, breathing in her scent, before ruining the moment. "Has anyone done this before?" Kylo taunts. There’s a knowing look on his face and she has never hated him more. "Did the traitor get to taste your cunt? Did you let Dameron get his prick wet?” "Yes," Rey lies through gritted teeth and he bites her inner thigh enough to make her gasp. "I let the entire Resistance have a go after I almost killed you. I couldn’t walk for weeks.” "You're lying," he says. "You've been waiting for me. I know you have.” Two of his fingers are suddenly inside her and Rey swears before she can stop herself. He spreads them slowly, stretching her out, with his gaze locked onto every tremble of her lips. He curls them upward and she nearly collapses as he discovers the rhythm she has perfected on quiet, starless nights. Much to his credit, he’s a quick study. Much to her misfortune, he seems perfectly aware of that fact. "How long have you been fucking your fingers and pretending they were mine?" His ego radiates around him like the most blinding light, burning hotter than the sun. She doesn’t respond, biting her lip rather than give him the satisfaction he so desperately craves, even as she bucks wildly on his hand. So instead he adds a third. There is no preamble, no hesitation, only the slick of her cunt and the rough embrace of his callused hand. "I'm going to break you," he tells her, punctuating his words with another bite. "I'm going to lick you until you beg to come. I'm going to fuck you until you beg for me to breed you." "And if I don't?" It is a challenge but there is no menace in her voice, only desperation. "Then I'll make you beg,” Kylo tells her. He spreads her lips with his fingers before attacking her with his lips and tongue. Kylo kisses her cunt the same way he had her mouth, single-mindedly and without mercy. He drinks from her like he will die from thirst. He fucks her open like it is his purpose, licking her like he has no need of further sustenance. Her legs are trembling within minutes and suddenly she’s much too hot. She moves to undo the belt holding his massive cloak on her body but he seizes her fingers before she gets the chance. "You're not allowed to do that yet," he snaps. "Not until I say." "Can you at least take off something of yours then?" She asks. It sounds almost like she's begging but he seems unperturbed. "I should get to see you too. I want things to be fair." He pulls her roughly onto his lap and she can feel how hard he is through his trousers. Their eyes are level and his mouth is just out of reach as he parts her legs. "It doesn't matter what you want," he says. He runs his fingers over her cheek and a sigh escapes her throat. "I couldn't care less about pleasing you." It's a lie, she thinks, but she can't be certain. He leans forward, the rough skin of his lips ghosting against her willing mouth. "I want you covered in me and screaming my name," he breathes. "I want anyone who dares to look at you to know that you're mine. I want the entire fucking Resistance to know you belong to me.” It's only then that he shoves his coat off of her, casting it on the ground with hardly a second thought. She is prostrate and bare, a willing supplicant, and she nearly salivates as he pulls down the trousers that clings like a second skin. His cock springs free and he rubs it against her clit before he slides into her. The head is slick with proof of his want and she's been more than worked open with his fingers and tongue but even then she gasps as he thrusts up. He silences her with the press of his lips, his mouth an apology for something neither one of them would admit. The kiss is gentle but the way he snaps his hips is desperate and selfish, so much so that she can almost believe he doesn't care "I can feel your cunt stretching for me," he growls. He thrusts at an angle and hits something foreign even to herself. It's too much and not enough but all she knows is that it must never stop. She moans and he hits the same spot again. His nails dig into the meat of her hip and she is even louder still as he begins to move even faster. It does not last long but she has no idea how it could. Not when everything they’ve done has led to this. “I’m going to cum in you,” he says. He is trying so hard to be imposing but she hears his voice break as his cock begins to swell. It won’t be long now and she grinds as best as she can against him, rubbing her clit against his skin. "Is that what you want, Rey?” He asks, gripping her tight. “Do you want me to fill your little cunt?" "Yes," she demands, furiously nodding her head. Her breathing is ragged and her heart nearly stops as he kisses her once more. This one is tender, sweetened even more as his cock begins to throb. He groans into her mouth and she drinks it in, allowing herself to be entirely full of him. -- He holds her on him well past the point of necessity and calm floods through her like a virus. He does not hide his mouth from her and they kiss in the delicate way sweethearts must do on calmer planets. He blesses each mark on her body with his lips and she runs her fingers through the knots of his hair. When he finally allows her to move, it is only to be beside him. She reaches for the cloak but he decides instead to rub her to another painful climax. She calls his name without intending to and his eyes never leave hers as she returns to her body. But soon enough, he drapes her in his coat once more and hand-feeds her the remaining fish bite by bite. There is always some part of him touching her throughout the night and she likes to think that she’d fight him off if she weren’t still recovering. When they sleep, he wraps himself around her and writes his name on her skin. She pretends not to notice and just counts how many times he marks her again and again. -- It is done now. She cannot be saved. Chapter 2 : Two Summary: This is no longer about what Rey needs. It is about what Kylo wants. Notes: I am absolutely blown away by the reception to the first chapter. So much so that I definitely felt like I needed to make this an ongoing series. (Tags will be updated each chapter) For conversations that don't include actual talking, Kylo is bold and Rey is italics. You are all incredibly wonderful and you have no idea how much I value every single person who reads something I care so much about. Thanks as always for the wonderful feedback and let me know if there's anything you'd still like to see. Bug me on tumblr-mygrandmathinksimsassy- There's lots of Reylo and dogs. Rey leaves the Resistance base nearly as soon as the General’s men salvage her from the island’s sinking depths, enduring her rescue for barely a day. She is deposited in the infirmary by the rescue squadron before she has a chance to protest, forced to lie about each and every one of the marks that dots her skin. She talks extensively of the beast that nearly drowned her, the terrifying jolts of its inky limbs, but its clear from the stares that are passed along the room that nobody quite believes her, no matter how much they nod their heads. It is some consolation that Doctor Kalonia clears the room before a more invasive examination. It makes the shame of asking for a contraceptive implant less painful than she deserves. She packs soon after; grabbing the few clothes she has been given along with her staff, before leaving Luke’s saber to burn on the bed. Each time she runs her hand over the hilt, she thinks only of the man who had done his best to steal it from her, and her heart pangs with more than just her overwhelming guilt. -- The General offers to assist her and Rey is not foolish enough to refuse the most powerful woman in the galaxy. They work in silence until suddenly they don’t. General Leia clears her throat and Rey listens no matter how painful the words may be. “I was captured once… during the rebellion,” the General says, her clear voice trailing off. “Jabba the Hutt thought Alderaan’s last princess made a fine addition to his harem.” The General snorts dismissively before continuing. “You must have seen a Hutt at the outpost. They’re never far from a crooked deal,” General Leia says with raised eyebrows and Rey nods. "Usually you've seen one, you've seen them all, but Jabba was truly stupendous... they wrote odes about his stench." She unfolds the uniform jacket Rey has just finished it, maneuvering it until it has the crisp hospital corners Rey never learned to make. "He kept me on a leash like a dog," the General says, putting the jacket in Rey’s shoddy duffel. "Put me in this ridiculous outfit Han insisted I keep for posterity and thought that it made me a slave." There is silence again as they finish packing and Rey wishes for nothing more than to disappear entirely. "I strangled him to death," the General says with an almost nostalgic smile. "I might not be as young as I was, but I'm sure I have it in me to gut another slug or too... I'm sure you'll take down more than me by the time your hair goes grey." Leia hugs her close and Rey doesn't deserve to have this, not in the slightest. She doesn't deserve to be so cared for when she's done nothing to earn it, not when Kylo's teeth still flicker on her skin. "You're a brave girl," General Leia whispers. "I don't want to see you in chains." The General, in her infinite kindness, is the only one not to ask about the bruises on her neck and chest, the ones Kylo’s borrowed shirt does little to hide. She simply stares with eyes that have seen far too much and holds her close, the way a mother might hold a daughter, when she makes her final goodbyes. There were days, even weeks, when she had forgotten the General knows the Force almost as well as her son. It is no longer possible to make the same mistake. -- Finn, much to Poe’s disappointment, offers to go with her even if he isn’t quite sure where her destination lies. He looks almost broken but she rebuffs his kindness as clinically as she can, redirecting him instead to the guidance of Master Luke, who will soon lack his only pupil. Her friend had once wielded the saber Luke had been given long ago and it had served him well. She does not doubt it will serve him even better in the wars to come. Master Luke does not try to stop her and Rey doubts she would listen to him if he did. He abandoned the galaxy in search of a truth that may no longer exist. He has no room to criticize her when she claims to do the same. -- Chewie had talked about Kashyyyk when she first made her way to Master Luke. Perhaps it had been more for his benefit than hers, speaking of the family he often left behind instead of the friend killed by the boy he once knew, but he always seemed more at peace when describing the forests that had once been his home. She is not foolish enough to venture somewhere so familiar but a world of green has its appeal. There are other planets in the system, ones just as bountiful if not as welcoming, and it takes hardly any time at all to find a suitable place to become a lost girl once more. There’s a cabin deep in the wood that must belong some wayward hermit but even after skulking outside for two days, she sees no signs of life. Whoever has left it vacant is either dead or disappeared but it doesn’t matter to her why it is empty. It matters only that it is. It doesn’t take too much to break in and she’s almost pleased when she evaluates the terrain. There’s wooden furniture, all beautifully carved, and a decent amount of rations left in the cupboard. Not enough to live indefinitely but enough to make do. Enough to keep her until the guilt finally takes hold. -- The wood has little in the way of company but there’s something familiar about the quiet way she survives. It isn’t a good life but she’s used to it and she can pretend to wait again even if she doesn’t know whom her patience is for. Rey lets her thoughts wander to Finn, to Poe, and to Master Luke. There are even lonely nights where she consoles herself with the General’s disappointment but she forces herself not to think of him before she can force herself to sleep. But her dreams are steeped of him and every morning, she wakes desperate to sleep forever. -- He enters her mind while she tries to escape him. He spends weeks trying to find her. Where are you? It is a question he asks every night since they have parted and it is one that she still refuses to answer. I’d have thought you already knew. His anger rages and it courses through her veins. She shuts her eyes and wills him to disappear but he is always stronger when he is desperate, she can tell. After all, she grows stronger too. Tell me No That is normally the end of it but he is relentless. He waits until she is about to sleep, assaulting her when her defenses have lowered and her world is nearly pitch black. Please She doesn’t answer and his restlessness grows. She can feel his trepidation radiating within her and she wants to crawl out of her skin. I want you. Rey opens her eyes, allowing him a glimpse of her hideaway, the shadows of branches in the window and the stillness of her room. His spirits soar and it is almost painful to join in his delight so she closes her eyes just as quickly. That’s all you get. She pretends to fall asleep and he pretends to accept it. That’s all I need. I will find you. -- It takes him less than a day to catch his prey Rey can sense his presence in her shelter as soon as returns from her scavenge, the heavy feel of him tainting the air. She holds her staff aloft, terrified even though her body already begs to be consumed, and very slowly shuts the door behind her. He’s had weeks to plan. She barely gets ten steps before he traps her. She turns to swing the staff but he knocks it from her before trapping her wrists behind her back with one hand. Another hand is on her mouth, so tightly that she can scarcely breathe, and his entire body is almost vibrating. She tries to bite him, more out of habit than any real desire to strike, but his gloves are thick and he is too triumphant to care. “You need to be more careful, my love,” he tells her. His voice is barely above a whisper and she can feel her heart pounding in her ears. “Someone might try and hurt you.” She tries to breathe in but she can taste only the leather of his gloves and the heat of his hand. “I’m going to uncover your mouth now,” he says slowly. “I don’t care if there’s a not a soul for miles but you’re not to scream…. Do you understand?” She nods her head and he presses his lips against the back of her head. “Good,” he murmurs before making good on his promise. She gasps, relieved to taste the crisp air once more, as Kylo runs his free hand around her belt. His fingers don’t dip beneath the fabric, no matter how desperately she wants them lower. "You don't have the saber on you," Kylo says and his voice is almost teasing. “Where are you hiding it?” The hand travels up to her breast, squeezing it gently. A gasp escapes her and she wishes for nothing more than his hand on her mouth to stifle the sound. "You were right before,” she says. “I didn’t deserve it.” His grip is suddenly tighter, both on her arms and her breast, and the air suddenly grows cold. “Who has it then?” He asks. “ Tell me .” It is the roughest his voice has been in her presence and she would recoil if she had anything left to fear. “It’s none of your business,” she snaps before he delves into his mind to take the answer from her. Finn’s concerned face looms between them and Kylo growls in her ear. “I didn’t let you leave just to give my things to traitors who don’t deserve them,” he snarls. “That better have been the only thing you gave him.” She kicks his leg as hard as she can and the pain must be great because his grip loosens enough to get away. She can feel his betrayal but her loathing hides the taste and she grabs her staff from where it fell to the floor. Rey swings and Kylo crumples to his knees as her staff meets his side. There’s likely to be a mark but it seems more than fair for all of the wounds he has inflicted on her. He lets out a shaky cough and she moves the staff to his temple, her body humming with the restraint that keeps her from swinging again. "I don’t need it to deal with you,” she hisses. “What’s to stop me from just taking yours?” He should cower but instead he lifts his head, gazing at her with a fondness that is entirely too familiar. "It is yours if you want it,” he tells her. “If you come with me…” If he were anyone else, she would say he was begging, but a man like him is far too arrogant to do anything but demand. She shakes her head and he attempts to needle his way into her thoughts once more. He is desperate but she is livid and she blocks him off entirely before he can find where she is still so weak. "You already left the Resistance,” he says. “You wanted to return to me. You wanted me to be the one to find you." "I left for my benefit not yours…” she says but he does not take the time to listen. If he did, he would hear the quavering in her voice. " You wanted to disappear… You never went back to Jakku,” he tells her. "The Crolute at Niima Outpost confirmed as much after I cut off his limbs." She sees Unkar Plutt’s great hulking body ravaged by sands and scavengers alike, a present wrapped in the fabric of memory, and her blood begins to boil. "If you'd have given Plutt half a dozen credits, he would have told you anything he ever knew about me," Rey says. "You needn't have maimed him to get information that he would have been more than happy to give you." "Killed, not maimed," Kylo corrects, his chest puffing with pride. “He didn’t deserve to even say your name. I couldn’t allow him to live after seeing what he did.” She sighs and he seems almost offended at her lack of immediate gratitude. "Are you unhappy that he's dead?" And though they both know the truth, he awaits her answer anyway. "No," she says bluntly, drawing in a much-needed breath. She does not mourn the murder of an aspiring despot, the death of the beast that had been tasked to keep her safe and had instead left her to rot in the sand, but she cannot appreciate Kylo's misguided devotion. There is part of her, the girl of six who counts each day alone, that pities Unkar for the way he died, that mourns the shattering of the crystal that would preserve her life before. Jakku was untouchable and so far away but it was supposed to remain unchanged in her absence. But an even greater part of her, the part that has grown stronger each day since she washed up on the island’s shores, is livid. Her heart thuds dangerously in her chest and she hates herself for envying the creature that brought about her jailor’s end, loathes herself for not tearing the beast that kept her in chains limb from limb the way Kylo never earned. How dare he claim what was not his to destroy. How dare he steal what little she has and act like it belongs to him "You shouldn’t have done it," she tells him, hissing like some feral thing. She runs the head of her staff against his head and it has never been more difficult to keep from striking him down. "He never hurt you. He never starved you. Killing him meant nothing to you and you took it from me.” She had thought he would shout at her for rejecting his offering; but instead he beams with something that she had only ever felt in shards. She can feel his joy, sudden and overwhelming, and it shakes her to her core. It should be in conflict with her rage but it isn't and the two intertwine like they've waited their lives to join. It is a powerful feeling, greater than any she has ever experienced, and its halo surrounds them both. He rises, almost cautiously, and she lets the staff fall once more to the ground. He takes her face between his hands and she is suddenly aware of how easy it would be for him to snap her neck. "I will never deprive you again," he swears. His eyes are locked on hers and each word is a blessing. “I promise.” Their lips come together and he seals his oath with a kiss. It is not clear who starts it; whether she is finally bold enough to take or whether he is merciful enough to give, but it hardly matters now. What matters is how it will finish. His gloved fingers finish the inspection he had been so quick to begin. Any cloth that is not easily removed is very quickly ruined but the first hungry caress of her breasts is worth it even if she needs to feel his skin. It is likely he will leave bruises. There is no part of her that minds. Rey mouths at his neck, eager to mark him in the same desperate way he has claimed her. She can feel his groan as it leaves his throat and she presses herself even tighter against him, doing her best to leave a bruise. It is evidently not close enough. He hoists her up and she clings to him like a vine, wrapping her legs around him as they stumble into the cabin’s living quarters. There is nothing elegant about it but there is no need for pretension, not when they’ve both waited for so long. Her cot is close but the table is closer and he sets her on it, ready to be devoured. She sits up to kiss him, to consume even more of his embrace, but he shoves her back against the wood, eager to expose her flesh to more than just his touch. “One of these days I’m going to have you on a bed,” he growls, already undoing her trousers and sliding them down her legs. “I’ll fuck you the way you want instead of the way you deserve.” The moment her legs are bare, he slides her underwear to the side and jams two of his fingers inside her. It should hurt but she’s dripping with just how badly she needs him, her whole body aching with just how much she wants. He stretches her and she cants her hips and digs her nails into the table, unable to contain her groans as he draws her closer and closer to the edge. She lifts her head to watch his work, nearly coming from the sight of his glove slick with her desire. She is so close but this is no longer about what she needs. It is about what Kylo wants. He is inside her within seconds and everything about the way he fucks her is selfish. His hands are tight around her thighs and his eyes are glued to the ripple of her breasts. She grips the table tighter, her nails digging into the wood, as he thrusts even deeper. His breath is heavy now and so is hers, broken only by the groans that come when she can feel just how deep he is. He fucks her even harder still and she might even scream his name. He comes with her name on his lips and then suddenly all is quiet. She's on the verge of following suit but he holds firm onto her wrist when she reaches for her clit, tormenting her with the promise of something he is not yet willing to share. Soon He tells her this without moving his lips. But not yet He is inside her, body and mind, and she'd be angry at his lack of restraint if she didn't need more of him. The air grows less heady and she regains sight of where she is lying. She is no longer a body, driven only by the need to feed and fuck, but a mind and that mind is whirling with doubt. Her breathing steadies and she can feel his cock begin to soften even if he does not move an inch. He watches her throughout this, studying her face, and she can’t endure to be the cause of such fascination for any longer. "I don't have enough clothes for you to keep destroying them," she says after a moment, feigning a dignity she no longer possesses. “Do try and be careful next time.” He smirks and she wishes she had strength enough to slap it off his face. "You'll just have to stop wearing them then," he tells her. His hand runs slowly up and down her thighs and his voice is kind and soft. "We'll go somewhere hot where you don't need anything at all." She says nothing in response, just gives him a non-committal hum, but he seems undeterred even as the memories of the island hang heavy between them. It had been warm there. She hadn’t needed anything other than the cloak after the first night. He closes the distance between them, kissing each cheek before finding her mouth. He is gentle but he always is after he fucks her, when there is no more anger left to burn them both. "You'll come back to the ship with me," he says once he pulls away. It isn’t a question but he seems almost afraid of her response. "Only for tonight," she says. "I'm not staying." His lips find her forehead and her heart skips a beat. “We’ll see.” -- Kylo has a shower onboard his ship- a real one, not a sonic- and it takes no convincing on his part for her to agree to step inside. He asks to undress her, his voice an apology for the ruins he has left her in, and she nods her head in silent agreement. He undoes her hair, running his fingers slowly through the tangles that haven’t seen a brush in weeks, before removing the guards on her arms. She cringes as the skin is bared but he continues anyway, meticulous no matter how frightened she might be. “This is new,” Kylo says, running his finger over the newly exposed bump that hides her implant. His voice is too steady for him not to know exactly what he’s touching and she cannot tell whether he is pleased or disappointed. So instead she waits with baited breath for eyes to meet hers, unsure of whom to be. “I'm keeping it," she insists but it is clear that she has misjudged his reaction. "I would never ask you not to," he says quietly. "You're still so young." His voice trails off and his face is suddenly wistful for a future she may never be ready to provide. But he does his best to hide it away and she does her best to take his acceptance for what it claims to be. He finishes his work and she disappears into the mist. The water is hot, almost uncomfortably so, but her muscles nearly sing from relief to feel its sting. She can’t remember the last time she was allowed such decadence and even moonlit hours wiled away in a faraway lake cannot compare. He joins her, allowing the evidence of their desperation to melt away under the water’s spray. He is striking, breathtaking in the way deadly things always are, and she stares with no politeness at the body he is normally so careful to hide. She recognizes most of the marks on his skin. There are those she left a lifetime ago mixed with the errant few dotting his neck. The fresh ones will surely not last but there should be ample time during the night to make more, to remind him of what little resolve she has left. His side still bears the mark of Chewie’s bowcaster and his other shoulder has the wrath of Master Luke’s saber but those are not the scars that worry her. There are scars on his stomach and back that were not there the last time. He does not tell her how they came about and even she is wise enough not to ask. The marks are too orderly to be battle scars and too deep to be anything but purposeful. Someone had clearly wanted to hurt him. Someone tried to make him bleed. But he soon notices her staring and so she reluctantly looks away. Kylo washes her, taking his time with every inch of her body. It takes far too long for him to be satisfied and her skin is pink and raw by the time he has scrubbed away her imperfections. -- He dresses but not fully. His trousers are soft, made of the same yielding material she had favored while with Master Luke. His shirt exposes the whole of his arms, both the muscle and puckered scar tissue. He seems perfectly content and she envies him for the easy way he prowls toward her. She stands naked in front of his mirror and he starts to dry her in a plush towel, attending to her limbs as if he were a priest worshipping the divine. His hands linger at her breasts and ass but he does not make good on his promise to bring her release, no matter how close he gets to touching her cunt. Rey suspects she will not find it until much later. Perhaps if she displeases him, she will not get it at all. So she moves her body as directed and does her best not to seem anxious when he disappears with his towel into the ship’s sleeping quarters. She doesn’t like being alone, not now when she has only stopped being so lonely. But he is back before she can question it and she sees the flicker of something white in his palm that shines bright against the black of his uniform "I got you something while you were away… From Tregalis," he tells her almost absent-mindedly. "A present.” His voice is light and he makes their bond sound so normal, so pedestrian, that she nearly laughs. "Should I be nervous?" Rey asks, raising her eyebrows. “No,” he says, shaking his head, “Close your eyes and raise your arms.” Rey does as he commands and she can feel whatever it is sliding onto her body like a second skin. He tells her to open her eyes and she can’t help but gasp when she studies her reflection. It is a nightgown of sorts. The fabric is soft, far nicer than any other garment she’s ever worn, but it is a gown clearly not designed for comfort. The length is far too short for practicality and the ivory lace is so fine that she can make out the lacking curves of her body, the shape of her nipples, and the dark hair between her thighs. She is not in any way decent and there is no faulting the intention behind such a gift. With her hair unbound and her cheeks aflame, she looks like a seductress. Dressed in her lover’s peace offering, she looks like a whore. Kylo seems more than pleased if the way he stares is any indication. He looks at her like she is something wondrous to behold and she cannot decide whether to hang her head in shame or demand further tribute. "You look pure," he says happily. His hands find her shoulders and he begins tenderly kneading them, working until the tension in them fades away. “Just like I thought you would.” "Hardly… Prostitutes on Jakku wore more than this," she says and he clicks his tongue disapprovingly even as a hand begins its work on the back of her neck. “They’d think I was a ruined woman.” His hand stills on her neck as though he is taking her pulse. "You're the one who ruined me, my love,” Kylo tells her softly. “Don’t be so quick to forget.” He leads her to his bed and she can barely remember who she was before. -- They talk very little but it was never the promise of decadent conversation that ties her to his side. He plies with her food that is almost too rich to swallow; full of the spices she had only ever read about and never ate. She knows not whether he is just trying to show off or if it his preference but he holds it to her lips and she opens wide. Wine? She is sitting on his lap at the edge of the bed, his hand massaging the back of her neck, and yet this intrusion is what feels too intimate for comfort. “You’re not fucking me,” she says sharply and his hand stills. “You don’t get to be in my head anymore.” But yes His lips curl in a pleased sort of smile and her guilt ebbs away into something warm and filling. He hands her his glass and though it burns her throat, she consumes the entire glass. The world goes slightly foggy when the alcohol finally begins to take hold and it becomes easier to see just what she has become, to be what she can no longer deny. She kisses him without waiting for an invitation, sucking hungrily on his bottom lip as she runs her hands through his thick hair. She likes the happy moans that flood his throat when she catches him unawares but she likes the way he holds her closer far more. Rey can barely go a minute without feasting on his lips and he can’t go a second without touching her so they stay intertwined for hours. Her body fits in his like it was forged to do so. The shine in his eyes belongs only to her. "There is a place for you here if you want one," Kylo says after oceans of silence. "We could be together... “ His lips are swollen and his hand rubs circles over the lace of his gift. "I doubt your Supreme Leader wants that to happen,” she says. Her fingers find a fresh scar on his shoulder and her breath catches in her throat. She is doing her best to seem unmoved but Kylo is making it impossible. "He will…once he sees how strong you are," Kylo insists, more sure of this than anything in his life. "No one could refuse you then." He runs a thumb over her bottom lip before leaning in for another kiss, one that gets her drunk far quicker than his wine. Her heart swells and she savors the sweetness that he takes such pains to hide. -- But he can only be gentle for so long when she can barely conceal just how badly she needs him. Hours pressed on his lap with his mouth of hers have left her nearly shaking and she starts to demand what is still out of reach. “You said you’d make me come,” Rey whispers. “ You promised .” She presses a kiss to his earlobe before biting it and his entire body straightens, poised like a wild beast ready for the kill. “And I will,” Kylo reassures her. “But I want something first…” His hand dips beneath the lace of the nightgown to cup her breast. She leans forward, sighing when he begins to play with a hardened nipple. She murmurs her agreement before she can stop herself and his touch is suddenly rough. "I want you to suck my cock," he says. He is the same unfeeling tyrant he was just hours ago and she can feel her heart racing. "I want to fuck your pretty little mouth until you're begging for me to use your cunt and then I want to cum inside of you." He uses his other hand to force her lower and Rey finds herself cooperating without the slightest bit of resistance. "On your knees," he says. She slinks off of his lap, crashing to the floor in front of him, staring at his cock as he tugs down his trousers. He is half hard already and she thinks to herself just how pretty it is even if he'd have her tongue for using such delicate language. But it is pretty, the pink of his cock and the black of his hair against the pale flesh of his skin, and she looks far too long before he speaks again. "Hands behind your back," he says and she does as she's bid. "Just use your mouth." Rey leans forward and does her best to earn her release. She likes it much more than she thought would, the weight of him in her mouth, the feel of him swelling as she sucks even more of him down. There's a power in it, making him so needy that he tugs on hair, and its nice to be the one that makes him feel like this so she takes him as deep as she can go and perhaps even deeper. She gags as he cants his hips upward and he groans, tightening his grip on her hair as he uses her mouth. It's like he's fucking her throat now and it's all she can do to open wide and take it. The room is filled with his groans and she must look a mess but she doesn't have to think anymore, she simply has to do and do exactly what she's told. "Touch yourself," he tells her, voice tinged with desperation. "I want you to touch yourself, Rey.” Her hand is on her clit at once and it's almost disgusting how wet she is. She rubs herself as she moves her mouth up and down his length and if she weren't eager to come before, then she's practically desperate for it now. She loses sight of everything but Kylo when he yanks her mouth off of him. He's holding her head so that she's forced to look at him, to stare at darkened eyes. "Do you want me to make you come now?" He asks and Rey nods eagerly. "Get on the bed then," he says briskly, letting go of her head. "On all fours." Rey moves far quicker than she ever thought possible, bending over and becoming impossibly exposed. She can no longer see Kylo but she can hear him shucking off his clothing, taking his time as she waits for whatever he has planned. Then suddenly she can feel his breath hot against her, can feel his fingers darting closer to her clit, and she is in agony. “I want to taste you when you come," he says. Kylo kisses her thighs reverently and she whines. "Is that you want, Rey? Do you want me to let you come?” "Yes," she hisses as she arches her back toward his mouth. She doesn’t need to see his face to know he’s smirking and if she had any sense, she’d already be plotting a fitting punishment "Are you sure?" Another kiss, this one just inches from where she needs him most, and she whines her understanding before calling his name. “ Kylo.” He buries his face in her cunt and she almost blacks out. He licks her until she is quivering, until she can barely keep from collapsing in a heap, and then he licks her more. He tugs her even closer, tightening his grip on her hips as he sucks on her clit, and she moans so loud she can’t hear herself think. He had said she looked pure but there is nothing pure about the way he makes her feel, not when she’s bent over begging to come. It takes hardly any time at all for him to give in and she feels her entire body seize as her cunt begins to throb. She’s so relieved that she nearly starts crying but before she can even move, he is inside her, fucking her just as hard with his cock as he had with his mouth. Kylo takes her on the bed, just as he had threatened, and everything around them is suddenly lit aflame. He is relentless but she feels almost completely at peace- like nothing could ever harm her, not even him – and so she simply basks in the sensation as he uses her willing body. He kisses a spot high on her neck as he comes and she can no longer remember why she ever thought to leave -- At some point before they drift off to sleep, she agrees to one more night. -- Rey wakes not in his ship, but in the cabin, and he is nowhere to be found. He said he would stay. He had lied. She tries to reach out for him, to invade his mind in the same thoughtless way he is quick to enter hers, but there is no finding him, no matter how hard she searches. Some part of her mourns his absence as though he has died while another plots already to strike him down the next time he seeks to use her. But she has been left before. She should have expected to be left again. Rey takes off the nightgown and changes into the few clothes she has that aren’t tainted with the thought of him. She is herself again, at least she tries to be, and she readies herself for a routine that will at least allow her the luxury of sleep. She is searching for her staff when she spots a pile left thoughtlessly on the table where he had taken her only hours ago. She picks it up like it might burn her. Given all he has done, it is not terribly foolish to think it might. I will not be gone long. Know that I would not have left if I had no other choice. Stay here until I return. Know that I will find you even if you disobey me. You are mine. I will always be yours. Stay safe. He has not signed the note but he has never been once for formalities. When she looks beneath the note, she sees he has left her his cowl and she runs her hands over the fabric as though it will somehow return him to her. She brings the cloth to her nose, eager to capture what little of his scent remains, to breath in salt and sweat, and something falls to the floor with a clang. Rey grabs it and a spark runs through her blood, her entire body thrumming with an energy that feels her own and entirely new. She had felt a shadow of this once, back on Starkiller Base with a weapon that never belonged to her, but the white crystal in her hand is powerful in a way that she cannot describe. Kylo has left her the Kyber crystal and it calls out to her, demanding to be forged into something new and beautiful. Something that even he would never understand. -- He has done this for her. She is his.