wake up Hux woke to a splitting headache, resting on a metal surface with his face. This wasn’t a good way to wake up. Definitely wasn’t. He was parched, he ached in weird places and wasn’t really sure where he is. Last thing he remembered was piloting a tie fighter away from a very unfriendly planet. Something- something on the long range radar- Shit. This is bad. He really wanted to go back to unconsciousness and forget everything about this day. “Was it really that bad?” A question was asked. But not by Hux Shit. And double shit. He managed to get himself up, and take in his surroundings. Which were exactly as in his worst imaginings. A drab brown gray room, that looked exactly like an interrogation room. And to add insult to injury, it looked like the room belonged to just the one entity he so wanted to avoid. The Resistance. Shit. Hux groaned and really really wanted to hit the person who talked. Not only was he far too cheerful and loud, he was also someone recognizable from spy reports. Someone Hux wished to avoid. “Please leave.” Pleading wouldn’t do him any good, Hux knew that. But still he tried. “Will not. You are too adorable.” The voice was annoyingly cheerful. Hux wanted to stick something in that mouth to shut him up. “Argh.” This really was a nightmare. A bad day turned even worse. This wasn’t happening. Hux looked up at the person who talked – and grimaced immediately. His intelligence on the resistance was good, so he had already recognized the person, but seeing it for his own eyes-. Damn. And double damn. This really wasn’t his day. “I hope the next one will be better, then.” Ben Solo said, smirking. “What?” Hux tried to blink the pain in his head and other places away. Ahhh, shit. He didn’t even notice the Jedi asshole getting in his head. “Get out of my head. There’s nothing in there meant for you.” Ben snorted and moved closer to the table. “You sure about that? There’s nothing you have there for me? I could bet you a bunch of credits, that I could change that.” “Don’t be crass.” Hux said. This was exactly why he wanted to avoid Ben Solo. Not only he was a Jedi magical mind reader, he was also promiscuous and getting it on with everything that moved, according to the spy reports. The interrogation room itself was sparse, nothing much but the two of them and a table with one chair, occupied by Hux already, in it. But by the size of it, it wasn’t originally an interrogation room, most likely a supply closet, cleaned out just for him. How quaint. “I’ll try.” Ben Solo said. With a smirk, that told Hux there was no expectation to be had of him to behave. Instead he tried remembering more of what had happened to him. The long range radar had pinged, showing three ships. He tried the comms, but the reply wasn’t what he wanted to hear. It was the Resistance, and even if they didn’t know who was in the ship, they still issued his arrest. Just because he was driving while imperial. Damn. And of course he tried shooting them down – it was sort of logical when having the Resistance accosting you. And instead he was shot down himself back down onto that damn planet, he just had escaped. At least he skipped noticing what happened there and just staying unconscious until just now. “You could have let me wake up in the medical.” Hux said, lifting his shackled hands to his forehead, feeling it. There was crusted blood there, and the wound smarted, but at least he didn’t have a concussion. Little things to be grateful for. “Hey, you’re right. Me, you, a bed. True, that would have been better.” Ben Solo leaned closer, making Hux want to spit in his face a bit. Ok, a lot. Hux looked at Ben. “Why don’t you just shut up.” “But its so fun teasing you!” Ben laughed, ignoring the misery Hux was feeling. “Now. To get down to business.” Ben Solo clasped his hands together, sitting on the same table Hux was seated at, looming over him. “You will tell me things, and afterwards we will take a trip to the infirmary.” His smile turned from indulgent to something a lot meaner, with bits of anger in it. Hux leaned back in his seat, knowing well that there was nothing he could do against a Force user that was about to rip into his head. The only consolation was that he had been so long absent from the central power of the First Order while on mission what his intelligence was outdated. But he still knew enough to give the Resistance a change to deliver a devastating wrong to his superiors. Hux kept silent, looking up in Ben Solo’s eyes, daring him. Showing him that the Resistance was no better than the First Order when it came to intelligence gathering. It was always the same thing. Torture. Despite its many forms, it was still that one thing. Ben Solo reached out with his hand, and soon enough Hux felt him in his head. Intriguingly enough it wasn’t outposts and the numbers of Star Destroyers the Jedi was looking for. Instead it was the nebulous Supreme Leader Snoke and his Knights of Rey. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the kylux fics series Next Work →