the new awakening He woke up to a scream. Trying to listen to it, Kylo realized that it wasn’t him who was screaming. Scraps of memory of a blue lightsaber, red light on blackened trees, pain across his face, a shadow falling over him. What was it? The scream again. Piercing the air, drawing Kylo’s attention to it. The shadow, at Starkiller. Someone came to get him, haul his failed body off the planet’s surface. And, likely it was just the one person, who would follow all the orders given, without questioning them, or thinking of their safety at all. Damn Hux. A greatcoat’s shadow falling over him on Starkiller. And now screaming. Hux was screaming. Kylo groaned and tried to blink away the sleep. He was on a cot, in medical, with a droid hovering in the corner. At Snoke’s citadel. So Hux had grabbed him off the planet and brougth him to Snoke, probably on orders. But he had failed – and surely in waiting of punishment. Because the scavenger (Rey, her name is Rey his mind whispered) wasn’t swayed. Didn’t want Kylo’s teachings and tutelage over the force. And Snoke told him to get her to him. He failed, he failed! The screaming wouldn’t stop. Though the voice had started to sound bleeding. Kylo figured Hux didn’t have long left, and he was next in line for punishment. Except he was likely to be left alive (hopefully, his traitorous mind whispered once again), to go find Rey and bring her once and for all to Snoke. All his choices and sacrifices for the dark, and all he had for now was a cot in medical and background noise of Hux screaming. Killing H- him did not plunge him straight into darkness – it tethered him even closer to light, reminding him of all the things he snuffed out in his head. Kylo wished for Hux to stop screaming, so he might have a chance to howl. Wait. The screaming – it had stopped. It was buzzing in his own head that took up the background noise for the past minutes. Was Hux done for? They weren’t friends, so that shouldn’t bother him in the least. Still, he was the one to pull him off Starkiller, even if only on orders. Every movement pulled on his skin. Abdomen, shoulder, face. If he couldn’t move, then he had to reach out with the Force, even if it was like crawling over glass at the moment. “NO.” Snoke’s voice reverberated across his mind. Kylo fell back onto the bed, making the droid in the corner to boot up and come towards him. He wished to slam it back into the wall just out of spite. “Wait your turn.” Kylo’s tongue itched to ask what happened to Hux, why did he stop screaming, but he knew to obey his master. The droid advanced. All he could do right now was to growl at it. Sleep, artificially induced, pulled him down soon. Just on the bring of dreaming he thought that he heard screaming start anew. When he awoke next, it was to silence. Kylo did not know how much time had past, and the meddroid was absent. The air smelled of bacta and his own breath. But it was easier to move, new skin pulled, but the open feeling of bleeding was absent. Kylo did not want to pull Snoke’s ire to himself, did not want to ‘wait his turn’. He did not reach out, looking for Hux. He despised him, and felt overwhelmingly good any time, he managed to irritate his co-commander, but objectively he knew Hux was good for the First Order. Then again, Kylo and Snoke’s goals did not always match up with their goals. Hux’s punishment was what he deserved. It was what Kylo kept saying to himself. Trepidation to what was about to happen to himself, and thinking on what happened to Hux was pushed somewhere deeper in his mind. Not to think about it now. First he had to get out of this bed and find Snoke, throwing himself at his knees and pleading for forgiveness. Promising to find Rey and bring her here. Buying his forgiveness. Leaving medical was exhausting, but he tapped into the Force, limiting himself to his own immediate surrounding, not wanting Snoke in his head too soon, and unwilling to confirm for himself Hux’s demise or mangling by his master. It was probably not more than two to three days since Starkiller. But he knew that it was enough time for Rey to reach the Resistance, and from there – find Luke Skywalker. Kylo would bet Hux’s life that Rey was looking at the Jedi Master at this very second. It would be exactly how the Force was teasing its users across the galaxy. Snoke wasn’t far. Kylo stumbled at the doorway, but walked the last feet up to his master unwaveringly. At his feel was Hux, his limbs splayed, but focusing on him, showed that he was still breathing. Kylo tried to suppressed a sigh of relief, but failed. Snoke turns to him, focusing his entire being onto Kylo, letting him know that the level of disappointment in him that his master feels is absolute and total. But Hux was alive. Unknowing for how long, but in the short term, Kylo could feel less alone in Snoke’s citadel. There was still the question of his own punishment. “You failed.” Kylo tried to come up with an excuse, with a promise and a future plan to make up for his failure, but Snoke didn’t let him star talking. “And you will keep failing. I am done with you.” Now this send Kylo reeling – Snoke was his master, his guide and teacher in the dark side. He couldn’t be done with him. He wasn’t done! “But I-” He didn’t finish, before Snoke took a step towards him, and Force slammed in his still sore body. Making him crumble towards the ground, panting. “Remember your place.” Han’s words of Snoke using him repeated in Kylo’s head, making him shiver and shake his head. No, Snoke had to. He had to keep teaching Kylo. The dark side was too vast and impressive to give up. “Your ‘performance’ is lacking. You were asked to bring the girl. Yet I don’t see her.” Kylo ripped his gaze from the floor, where Hux was still, unconscious. With no blood on him- but in the Force, that permeated the room, he felt like an open wound, bleeding all over. Kylo had to pull himself out, to close off some part of himself from accessing the Force, just to be in the same room as him. If Snoke could captivate his entire being and pull him close, showing power, then Hux at the moment was like bleeding void, eating up everything untethered. “I-”. Kylo had to take a breath and make himself silent on the topic of Hux. He tried not to think on what Snoke did to him, that left him alive (screaming, all the screaming) but so injured in the Force. “You know nothing, Kylo Ren.” There was nothing he could say to that. Snoke stepped forward, now standing right over Hux. Another step would mean crushing him underfoot. Instead of that, Snoke nudged Hux’s body, making him startle. And wake up. A gasp and a groan, Hux trying to curl up in a ball unsuccessfully. But clearly alive. Kylo kept his gaze on him, instead of Snoke. Hux kept shivering, muscles in his hand and feet were twitching, indicating nerve damage. Kylo tried not to realize think exactly what the dark side and the Force could do to someone who wasn’t Force sensitive. “And even now you are wrong.” Kylo didn’t even sense Snoke in his mind, preoccupied with Hux and his shivering on the floor. Him trying to blink away something, but unable to open his eyes. In the Force it felt like something dark and horrible was trying to crawl out of him. Kylo was half afraid and half fascinated. Snoke did something to Hux. He didn’t feel as he used to in the force. Something horribly wrong was done to him. “Every thing in the universe has the Force. But not every thing in the universe can manipulate it, can use it.” Kylo looked up, right into Snoke’s eyes, realization dawning. He was in awe, and even more terrified of his master deep down than he ever was. “It only took a nudge.” Snoke said. “Now you have an apprentice. Forget about the girl, it will be your task no longer.” Turned away and left the two of them. Kylo’s punishment was clear – his training was to be the lack of training. And Hux as his apprentice. Knowing him, he would deny him just out of spite. General’s stubborn character was something he would gladly avoid. Kylo was about to snap at Hux to get up – even if he knew something like that was far beyond anything he could do right now. He remembered himself when he first accessed the Force, how overwhelming it was, how disorienting. Getting a sense of it now, unprepared, a mind that was far too rational to allow for the Force. As soon as he took a step closer to Hux, he stopped – shocked. Hux’s eyes were yellow. Sith yellow. “Ren?” Hux’s voice sounded shredded and horrible, and the feel of him in the Force was still wrong. That along with his yellow eyes made Kylo wish that Snoke had killed Hux, and not mangled him so. For that’s how it felt like in the Force. A violation of things. Everything was wrong and he really wanted to be as far as possible from both Hux and this situation. “Ren.” “What.” All Kylo could think about was leaving, but that wasn’t in the plans. He was supposed to stay here and teach Hux. It all seemed like a very bad dream, that he was still stuck in a bacta tank, not woken up to this new reality. Kylo tried ignoring Hux, focusing his senses on where Snoke had gone – he was stopped abruptly with Snoke slamming into his defenses, but not before he sensed his Knights. So not only he was denied training, he was also being robbed of his knights. Likely they were being sent on his mission. Kylo knew Hux would laugh himself silly, if he knew Kylo was being unjustly snubbed – his mission and wishes denied. Except Hux couldn’t laugh right now about anything. He was still lying on the floor, slightly twitching. “Ren!” He finally looked down – Hux looked like he was about to figure his new Sith powers on his own and was planning to incinerate Kylo’s face and any limbs he could get access to. Kylo took a deep breath and bent down to help Hux get of the floor. “I need- need to get back to the First Order.” It still sounded like his throat was bleeding. A hand now squished between both of them gave intermittent twitches. Didn’t seem like Hux was even noticing them. The yellow eyes were slightly unfocused as well. “The only place you will be going will be medical.” Kylo pulled Hux along with him, trying not to jostle him too much. He needed a scan and probably some time spent unconscious. Hux’s try to scoff at that ended with him coughing, which definitely wasn’t good for his throat. “Ren-” “No. You need medical.” Just a few days ago (as far as Kylo could determine that it wasn’t longer than just a few days after Starkiller) it was he who needed medical, so now it was Hux’s turn. He wasn’t inclined to show his gratitude, and he definitely wasn’t going to thank Hux for saving his life. But getting him to medical and dumping him on the med droid sounded like a thing he could do. And forget about any debts. “Fine.” Hux grumbled. “I feel wretched.” A question screeched out in the Force, even with Kylo blocking himself from Hux. What did he do to me? Did Hux not realize? Kylo had hoped to skip the explaining part and just get on with his training in the dark side. “Supreme Leader, he pushed you towards the dark.” “What does that mean?” Hux sounded like exasperated, like he could never get enough explanation about the universe from anyone. He was probably right to feel like that, but Kylo wasn’t patient enough to deal with him until now, when he was thrust upon him. “It means that now you are my apprentice.” “Apprentice? Ren, I don’t know if you’ve never noticed, but I can’t use your Space Magic. Wasn’t it once you who likened me to a rock to describe my Force sensitivity?” They had reached medical, and Kylo dumped Hux into the same cot he woke up in. The droid whirred into action and approached the bed, starting a diagnostic on his new patient. “Yes, well. Things have changed.” It wouldn’t to for Hux to try tapping into the dark, especially if Snoke pushed him far enough there that he gained the Sith yellow eyes. “What. Does. That. Mean.” Hux was losing patience. At least the droid was done with preliminary scans – biologically it showed massive amounts of nerve damage, as the droid couldn’t see Hux with the Force and how much still he was bleeding dark into his surroundings. Kylo was envious of the droid that he couldn’t feel the wrongness of it all. “It means that Snoke altered you, he pushed you and woke up the latent Force sensitivity everyone possesses.” Kylo sighed, watching the droid retreating and returning with sedative. Finally. “So what – now I can push things with my mind? Throw tantrums, get into people’s heads? Bend you to my will?” Kylo decided not to answer that, Hux knew so little of the Force, and before Kylo got some time deal with needed some time time to deal with everything in his head before he could tackle Hux and when it actually will hit him, as to what Snoke did to him. The droid attached a sensor to Hux thus distracting him and jammed the sedative in his arm. “Ren!” Hux vent livid, it seemed that he didn’t even notice the droid hovering before, all his attention taken by Ren and what had just happened to him. Just before succumbing to the sedative Kylo felt the Force shift around him, a horrid wail in his mind and all around, and unbolted things around the medical flew against the walls, startling all of them, but most of all Hux, who up until that moment hadn’t realized that Kylo was actually telling the truth and now he could access the Force. Despair took over Hux’s features, him looking at Kylo, pleading for it to not be true. It couldn’t. His eyelids flittered closed and Hux lost all tenseness in his body, leaving the occasional twitch in his hand and feet. A piece of flimsi cluttered on the floor as soon as Hux was out, marking this as the point when all things known and regular were about to change. – Kylo took to stalking around the citadel – the Knights were no longer in the rooms usually assigned to them, and Snoke was rebuking him every time he tried to reach out. The light taunted him, trying to convince him that everything Han Solo said on that bridge was true. That he was welcomed home and could return. But he knew, that nothing of that sort was ever possible. Not after what happened at Luke’s school of little Jedi or Starkiller, or Han Solo himself. Even if Resistance as such would welcome his intelligence (of which there was none, as he wasn’t that much interested in day to day operations of the First Order, they would need Hux for that, and he doubted Hux would ever willingly share that information with them), she would never take him back. He was too changed, too rooted in the dark side. There was no forgiveness, and he was seeking none. Especially not of the righteous light. And Hux would never consider straying from his precious First Order. Even with his new Sith powers. He was far more likely to suppress them with any means possible. If it would take willpower only, Hux would be a good Force user. But all that order and willpower would let him access only the light side. And all those emanations in the Force from Hux was anything but light. And the Resistance would never forgive Starkiller, especially her. The light taunted him, trying to convince him that everything Han Solo said on that bridge was true. That he was welcomed home and could return. But he knew, that nothing of that sort was ever possible. So even thinking about returning anywhere was moot, and he was staying here. Kylo returned back to the Knights rooms. All of his personal belongings were on Finalizer and Starkiller. And his helmet was destroyed on the latter. The question remains, as to where his lightsaber was. The Knights had cleared out and two droids were tidying up, with nothing personal left in the rooms. The hangar bay housed several shuttles, one of which was his own, apparently the one Hux used to get him off the planet. Getting the landing to open, it was clear that no one had been here to clean up – there was a blood trail right up to the cot, where his tattered cowl was still – crusted with blood. There were bloody smears on the wall, several looking like hand prints. And among the debris on the cot, there was also his lightsaber – so Hux did pick it up. He really did not want to have another thing to thank him for. Better to just not mention it at all. Hux will be too preoccupied with turning into a Sith, that it was doubtful that he would have time for anything else. Barking at a droid in the hangar bay to clean up and restock his shuttle, Kylo returned to the Knights rooms and fell into a bed. Exhaustion was still there, and sleep wasn’t far. Except he didn’t get to enjoy it much. It seemed like he just shut his eyes, the. He was woken by a worried looking droid. Apparently Hux was awake and trashing medical. Oh how roles were reversed – Kylo decided that he would definitely tease Hux about his lack of control. By the time he got to medical, its doors were off their hinges and an unholy screech was heard from within. The Force around him shuddered still, the feeling of wrongness even stronger than before. Walking faster, Kylo entered right into the disaster zone. Hux was awake, up against the far wall, with hands covering his ears, again abusing his throat by yelling. Items were spinning through the air, three of the overhead lights had exploded and others were flickering. One of the med droids was strewn across the floor, towards the door, in pieces. Shit. “Hux!”he yelled, but didn’t manage to get his attention. Using the Force Kylo slammed down everything that was floating – and attracting the attention of the uncontrolled Force that twined around Hux. The man himself was still trying to make himself smaller and disappear into the wall. Getting closer was both dangerous and necessary. Pushing out with the Force, Kylo took steps closer to Hux. Something did get through to him, as Hux lifted his head, and soon was looking at Kylo. The yellow eyes kept switching from one corner of the room to the other, but returning to tracking Kylo. “Ren- I- You need to stop me.”Huxs hands now were gripping his own shoulders, the man shivering. The nerve twitches were gone from his feet and hand – the med droid having fixed them sometime in Huxs sleep. Perhaps it was what woke him up. The Force disliking any medical meddling. “Ren! I cant-”Hux curved into a ball, bringing his head to his knees, sliding down the wall a bit. The feeling all around him in the Force was once again despair. The other med droid was somewhere behind him, but Kylo doubted that his appearance would help much right now. There was no way Hux was going to let it anywhere near him. That just left Kylo. “REN!” He reached Hux and got down to his knees, hands extended, hoping the Force around Hux will recognize him as someone trying to help, not hinder. With his own Force push, he tried sending calm and peace towards Hux, but ever since Snoke meddled with Huxs mind he could not access it at all. Hux kept projecting despair and fear, but with every second closer, the despair turned more muted. At least something of Kylo’s sent calm was reaching him. Even if feeling such an emotion made him pull up painful memories, things he really didn’t want to think about no longer. Buried for a reason. “Hux. Breathe.” “Stop me stop me stop me stop me” Hux kept repeating, now pulling his palms into fists and smashing at his own head. Kylo got closer and grabbed Hux’s hands, effectively stopping him. They were looking into each others eyes, yellow and brown. With Hux still mouthing the words and not stopping emanating despair all around. Kylo let go of Hux’s hands in favour of taking hold of his face in between his hands. Cupping Hux’s cheekbones and pushing him back towards the wall. Grounding him, both physically and at the same time still sending him calm with the Force. Hux shivered still, every time Kylo pushed the Force, a great shudder overtook him. One of his hands once again took up the nervous twitch. Whatever the droid did to lessen the nerve damage to Hux, it did not manage to get all of it. Or Hux shook the treatment off before it was finished. Either that, or Hux got himself re-injured all over again. Which was far more likely than the logical conclusions. “Calm down. Hux.” Kylo kept his gaze, not wavering, still looking into his eyes. The yellow unnerved him a lot. He expected to see green or blue. And Hux and Sith yellow was a combination he really wanted to erase and unmake. Physical touch was helping. The despair went nowhere, but the fear lessened. Letting Kylo as well breathe more easier. Hux and fear was a combination that was hard to picture. Hux was starting to breathe easier. Kylo thanked the Force that he hadn’t been hyperventilating before, just not talking deep enough breaths. Soon he stopped repeating stop me, and went limp against the wall, head falling as far as Kylo’s hands would allow it forward. Kylo tried not to think of how much trust on Hux’s part this took. “Ren. What is happening to me?” Now the question sounded a lot more defeated. No anger as before. “Snoke gave you the Force. You don’t know how to control it.” “I don’t WANT to control it. I want to get rid of it!” Hux wanted to get up, tried pushing Kylo off of him, but Kylo did not let him. Letting go of Hux at the moment sounded far too foolish. He finally had calmed him down, he wasn’t about to let him work up another frenzy. “I’m-” He was sure Snoke knew how to do it. He was also sure that Snoke will not do it. He wanted to have an option where he doesn’t have to say this to Hux. Avoiding complicated topics at the moment was something he really wanted to do. He doubted Hux would give him this option. “There’s nothing to be done about it.” In all truth, it is a lie. And Hux’s innate Force usage, even uncontrolled - picked up on it. He snarled, renewing his tries to break free from where Kylo had him pinned against the wall. “No, I do not believe that.” Hux repeated, his struggles stilling for a moment. “There’s always something to be done. What can be done, can be undone. Only. He won’t, wont he?” Hux lifted his head, looking Kylo in the eyes. Despair was still swirling the air. Hux knew well enough that Supreme Leader Snoke will not do anything to reverse what was done to him. “He won’t.” Kylo agreed, knowing there was no use even mentioning any undoing to Snoke. Hux turned quiet and contemplative, completely forgetting he was squatting on the floor, with Kylo pressed up against him, holding him. Physical nearness calmed him down, and Kylo wasn’t about to deal with an uncontrolled Hux again so soon. So he stayed exactly where he was – in front of Hux on his knees. They spend several minutes like that. Kylo still couldn’t access Hux’s mind, and he was to inward right now to project anything. Kylo thought on the topic of apprentices. He knew Snoke most likely sent the Knights after Rey, perhaps on a mission to take down Luke Skywalker at the same time. And that he had no way to become Rey’s master to teach her the dark side of the Force. Snoke would never permit him that. So that left Hux. Which was a mayor problem, because he knew already that Hux will never agree to let him teach him anything useful. Probably the only thing he might agree to learn – and that was only out of necessity instead of wanting to. Control and suppression. A Sith should not need to suppress anything. Passion was everything, and Hux was anything but passionate as far as Kylo knew him. Sure, there might be hidden depths. But then they were exceptionally well hidden. As his usual demeanor was cold and aloof, detached from anything, too focused on work and nothing else. Efficiency at every cost. But no longer. All that control could do nothing to suppress his access to the Force no matter what he does. Kylo shifted one of his thumbs resting still on Hux’s cheekbone up and down. Hux was still thinking about something and didn’t notice what he was doing mentally, while his body did – a full body shiver took him over. One of Hux’s hands was clutching at Kylo’s tunic, the other resting near it, still intermittently twitching. Kylo hoped the med droid will be able to do anything about it. Permanent nerve damage was not something a perfectionist like Hux would ever accept. It would keep reminding him about this, his loss of control forever. It took time before Hux refocused on the now, and was now looking at Kylo finally noticing their position on the floor and Kylo’s hand. “What are you doing?” Hux tried to shift his face away from Kylo’s hand, but unsuccessfully, as the other hand was right there. Kylo evaluated his calmness and with a parting touch, he let go of Hux’s face. Shifting backwards, he grabbed Hux’s elbows and pulled him back to his feet, still holding him. Which was the smart thing to do, as Hux’s legs almost wanted to set him back on the floor. Unable to hold him upright. “How about we get you back to the bed, hmm?” Kylo missed the times when he could leave Hux to fend for himself. It was startling how little time had passed since a moment like that. And how much of his thought process was taken by Hux lately. Hux snorted at his comment, then leaned on him, pushing away from the wall. They got back to the bed – the scattered debris was still on the floor. Kylo grabbed a couple of pieces that had fallen on the cot and threw them onto the nearby table for the med droid to deal with later. “Stay here.” Kylo warned Hux, but knew that he wouldn’t be obeyed for long. He could already see and predict that Hux was gunning back to the First order and leaving all of this, here, behind him. Unfortunately there was no way that was happening. Kylo tried to to imagine the tantrum Hux would throw when he realized this. All he could hope for, was to be far away from there when that realization hits. He doubted any nearby walls would not be able to take the punishment Hux would mete out on them. It would not end well. Hux fell against the pillow, skipping any decorum or a wish to hide any weaknesses he could possess. It seemed that he had given up on maintaining his strict General persona. Or maybe it was the post-tantrum exhaustion. And he would be back to being a prickly aloof workaholic next time he wakes up again. The question now was what to do next. “ Ren, please tell me this will end.” Now this wouldn’t do. “You really are pathetic aren’t you?” Kylo came towards the bed, where Hux was staring at the ceiling. “I get that you hate this. I really do-” “I doubt sincerely doubt that.” Hux muttered, interrupting Kylo. “Ohh, i do, don’t worry. I feel you in the Force, remember?” And it was still the despair and wrongness, with equal heaps of self pity right now. At least the fear was gone, so that was a good outcome of all this. Hux will never fear Snoke ever again. If he could do this to him – mangle him so, then there was to telling as to what he could do more, or undo. If he had respectful fear of Supreme Leader before Starkiller’s demise in their war dealings, then now it was all absolutely gone and forever. “You survived Hux. You survived and he no longer cares about you to bother.” Kylo said this with certainty. Where did it come from puzzled him for a moment, but a glance at the Force around him, and how strange that he didn’t notice this sooner. The feeling of lack, of absence. He thought it was to do with him killing his f- Han Solo, but it was something else – Snoke was no longer rooted in his mind. His master really and truly had given up on him. It was a miracle that he was still alowed on the planet. But he figured that he was still one of the Knights. And attached to the First Order, and if Snoke kept up dealings with them, then he also still employed Kylo Ren. But no longer as an apprentice. Just as muscle. He no doubt no longer was the master of knights of Ren. It was terrifying, being this free. One step sideways and he could be gone. He could- No. His place was here, where he was needed and wanted (a traitorous voice, sounding aptly like Hux whispered that he wasn’t wanted here, not really). Where his decisions and choices had lead him. He chose to stay. But he could leave. Hux was wallowing in self pity, but couldn’t be left alone. But he could leave. Find a willing apprentice, find Rey. But he could leave. Hux was dozing in the bed, not noticing anything around him, and not picking up Kylo’s traitorous thoughts of deserting his place of warfare. Deserting the First Order. Now there was a thought. Even attached to it, Kylo never really felt a part of it. His missions always concerned other matter, those of the Jedi, of Luke Skywalker and possible awakenings. Now that one such awakening happened, and he knew who it was. It gave him new choices and new possibilities. Snoke would hunt him down and exterminate. Or maybe just take away his Force ability. Now that was a terrifying thought. If he could induce the latent sensitivity in Hux, could he suppress someone else’s? But Kylo already knew the answer to that – and it was a definite yes. Most of Kylo’s younger years were a blur. His childhood along the New Republic until that day of the Senate and the reveal of his grand-parentage. His lost years and taking up with the Knights and Snoke. The training, his inability to contact anyone outside the Knights and his master. New choices. Leave. So he will. Kylo left Hux to his own devices for a while, no longer caring if he will trash the medical or not. But he did task a droid to pull together a field medical kit. There one should be one in the his newly refurbished shuttle, but this one was made with Hux in mind. Kylo took one last circuit along the citadel, not encountering Snoke. As if he hadn’t yet realized his plan of leaving. As if daring him to go. To try to survive on his own. Snoke just waited for him to fail, to return cowed and humiliated. Pleading for guidance, as he did all those years ago. Kylo wanted to shout – see me leave, will you even try to stop me! Stop me! Stop me before I go! Plea- please master, teach me. I want to stay. But no answer was forthcoming, nothing sounded in his mind, no allowances. He was effectively exiled. With an apprentice of his own. Hux was not deeply asleep. Kylo detached the cot from the wall before turning the maglev controls on, and just steered sleeping Hux towards the shuttle. The droid beeped his wish to help, but Kylo sent him back. He would manage. He had to. Both he and Hux somewhere deep down knew that General Hux wasn’t returning to Finalizer’s command. Nothing stopped them from leaving the atmosphere of the planet. Kylo had attached the cot to the wall of the shuttle’s cargo bay, where usually storm troopers were awaiting their deployment. Until he figured out what to do with Hux, let him stay there and sleep. Dropping out of hyperspace, a far away place from Snoke’s planet in the Unknown Regions, Kylo idled the shuttle. Walked along the interior trying to come up with a solid plan. Not much time had passed since he left the planet so Hux was still out cold. He had to meditate. Find Rey. He had an unwilling and unwanting of his tutelage apprentice, so he will go out there and find himself a better one. And Rey would do nicely. He tried actively not remember the fact that she would resent him and hate him, and most likely with the Resistance or with Luke right now. No, that wasn’t necessary to think about in his head. But find her he needed to. Skipping through the refresher and grabbing a ration bar, Kylo reached the cargo bay and sat down on the bench along one side of the shuttle. Hux was at the other wall, monitor attached to him showing sleep patterns. Kylo settled down in meditation. True meditation was something he was not practiced enough. He has to recall Luke’s teaching from far back. Light side meditating he failed at back then as well. But if he can use the techniques with the dark side he will succeed, he was certain. He had been in Rey’s mind (the same way as she was in his, but he better forget about that until the moment they meet). If she knew where Luke was. And she had seen the map. He knew where to find him. He recalled her taunting him, telling him- You’re afraid. That you will never be as strong as Darth Vader. No- his only relic of his grandfather was still on the Finalizer, and it was a place he most likely wasn’t about to return. And if he did, he was fairly certain there were shoot to kill orders already issued for the both of them. Getting off topic. Rey saw fear in his mind, but a moment before that she realized her power noticing- Noticing the island. A planet of blue water, with islands scattered all around, something drawing her there. A power. Luke. She found him. Kylo gasped back in awareness, with this new realization. And a sense of direction, as to where the planet in question was. He was going there. “Where are we going?” “To find my apprentice.” “I thought I was your apprentice.” “What?” Kylo noticed his surroundings, seeing the yellow eyes from the other side of the shuttle looking at him. “I said- you know what. Nevermind.” Hux huffed, looking a lot more alert and cognizant than the last two times Kylo came upon him after Starkiller. “I-.” Kylo wanted to explain, that Hux was refusing to be his apprentice, that he had to find someone else because Hux was unwilling. But. But – he hadn’t really hear Hux deny him. He never said he rejected him, did he? So if Hux wasn’t unwilling- then it was him, Kylo who was unwanting of the apprentice Snoke gave him. He wanted the toy that was taken away from him. Not the one his master gave him as a gift, as an opportunity. Hux was shifting around on the cot. Seemingly looking for something, but Kylo could not figure out what. “Do you have any spare clothes?” But Kylo was stuck in a loop of his own incorrect conclusions, and Hux had to roll his eyes at him, while wrapping the blanket around himself. Hux flinched when his bare feet touched the cold shuttle floor, the absence of his boots jarring. By the time Kylo looked around trying to find Hux, the man in question had located the field medical pack the droid assembled where it had also added Hux’s clothes that he was wearing upon arrival on Snoke’s planet, everything freshly laundered. He was pulling off the medical garb and dropping it on the cot’s edge when Kylo looked up, giving him a view of Hux’s back. But it wasn’t his ass that Kylo noticed (but he noticed it was well, just for some later reminiscing, it was shapely and just the right size for a squeeze), but the scars on his shoulder, several vertical lines, last of which was longer, but abruptly severed further down, with a jagged edge. As if someone had pulled away from whoever was doing the carving too fast, turning left and lashing out at them, their heavier bulk intimidating, trying to suppress the fear, the loathing. Trying to figure where he is, what is happening. He had went to sleep in his bunk, where was he, what was happening. The blood flowing down, first drops on the floor. Why was this happening. Don’t- Stop! Stop it, let me go. Make it stop, makeitstopmakeitstop- “Stop!” Sudden shift in the Force showed Kylo back, Hux still half naked, panting, wild eyes looking at Kylo mad. “Stop.” Hux inhaled, making himself calm down, to try to breath normally. “Stop.” A wish to not talk about it was heavily implied, telling Kylo to back off, to go away and bother someone else. Right now. Hux stood still, staring at him, glaring, unworried about his state of nakedness (which hit Kylo a lot harder than he at that moment realized, and later upon rethinking the day finally noticing Hux, for what seemed like the first time). Kylo finally took the hint and left the cargo bay. With a shuttle this size there wasn’t much in the choice of locations to avoid him, but at least he could retreat to the pilots cabin and sit in the chair, curling up like a chastised kid. Who had just been thrown out of a room with adults arguing. It was a feeling that took up too much of his childhood, and now Hux unintentionally reminding him of it was even worse. One half of the yelling duo was dead by his hand, and the other blaming him, loathing him because of the first. It was intolerable. “Went of to skulk?” Hux’s voice from right behind him, startled Kylo, he didn’t even notice or hear Hux approach. “I thought you wanted me to leave you alone.” “Yes, well.” Hux sighed, taking a step forward and sitting down in the co-pilot seat. “How long until the Finalizer?” He glanced forward to the void of space in front of the ship, squinting as if to find a tiny speck of the Finalizer ahead. “We’re not going to the Finalizer.” Kylo mumbled, as he hoped too low for Hux to hear, but the man sitting next to him heard him. And was instantly pissed off. “What? What are we here for then?” Hux’s palms curled up into fists, and Kylo had a feeling he wanted to strike him, but held of. Might as well give Hux a reason to smack him. “We’re not going back to the Finalizer. Ever.” “Think over your next words very carefully” Hux went cold, not just in his voice, but also in the Force surrounding the both of them. “Snoke didn’t try to stop me from leaving the planet.” “So you what- just left?” Hux finally took his gaze off the view port and turned fully the entirety of his yellow eyed attention. Why did Kylo keep forgetting about his eyes, and their wrongness and what Hux could do if uncontrolled to everything around them? “Why the fuck did you take me with you for?” The coldness turned exasperated. Hux was looking at him almost unblinking. Kylo tried not to be unnerved, but failed. “Because if you returned to the Finalizer, you wouldn’t get to command it.” Because Snoke gave you to me, as an apprentice and I have no idea what to do with you. By the way Hux’s whole body shifted backwards and his eyes bulged, the thought was loud enough for Hux to pick up innately. He really should do something about that. But he wanted to find Rey and teach her. Silence ruled for a while. Hux kept looking at him, examining his words, or the situation. Trying to come up with a solution. Kylo felt a lot like flayed alive when Hux looked him up and down, as if picking the best place to stab him. Or with his new Force abilities, even uncontrolled, just for the best place to twist to injure or maim. Or just outright kill. “You needn't do anything with me. I need to deal with the shit storm Starkiller’s destruction caused to my Order.” Hux looked back at the viewport, then leaned forwards to access the shuttle’s control panel on the co-pilot’s side. “And i’m telling you that that is not going to happen!” Kylo exclaimed, using the Force to grab at Hux’s left hand. Upon contact it twitched again, Kylo feeling along it, that the nerve damage had retreaded from Hux’s body and that the twitched were more psychosomatic than actual damage done to him. But once again he forgot about the yellow eyes. When he Force grabbed Hux’s hand, his gaze returned back to him, and Hux squinting grabbed ahold of the Force and showed it back. The left hand took on shivers, but the next moment Hux was up on his feet and towering above Kylo. “Get me to the Finalizer.” The Force was still poring out of Hux, taking Kylo’s breath away, making something clatter on the floor in the hallway leading past the fresher towards the cargo bay. The durasteel of the shuttle gave out a whining noise. “Hux.” Kylo held up his hands, trying to show that he was surrendering. If Hux continued the Force assault, he could tear the shuttle apart and knock himself unconscious by it. Not even noticing himself suffocating and freezing to death in the open space. “Hux, I-” He needed a plan and very very fast. “How about we get to the nearest planet-” “No.” If Hux could have, he would have taken another step forward, stepping on Kylo, pushing towards the ground without mercy. “Get. me. to. The. Finalizer.” Hux hissed, leaning over Kylo’s space, yellow eyes not blinking or moving away from its target, Kylo himself. “Lets contact them first. And then- then get you there.” Kylo knew he was a bad liar. So he focused on believing the first sentence and letting the second float away. “NO.” Hux was enraged. The shuttle started to vibrate beneath his feet and all around. The viewport, even with reinforced transparisteel could not take the pressures the Force could put them under. Kylo sent out the Force and pulled it around Hux, pushing him down, trying to surround him, to pull the destruction away from the shuttle. Both Forces met, creating even worse interference, amplifying it. The horizon tracker suddenly flipped and if it weren’t for the artificial gravity they would have tumbled toward the ceiling and then round and round throught the interior of the shuttle. “You can’t control it! You’re going to crash the shuttle! Hux, stop!” Kylo yelled. Just using the Force wasn’t working. Using a greater amount, Kylo made Hux wobble on his feet for a bit, and canceling out the interference but not stopping it still. “I will not be stopped by the likes of you!” Hux trembled but was still standing. Kylo surged up and grabbed ar Hux with his hands, pulling him towards himself, into the pilot’s seat. It startled Hux enough to scatter his Force focus and fall more heavily onto Kylo. “Hux. I need you to calm down.” The struggle returned, but the Force part of it was absent – as soon as Kylo lifted his hands to grab at Hux’s shoulders, one hand soon going up, to cradle his neck. He shivered at the touch, still trying to pull back. “I need to get back. There’s work to be done.” Kylo sighed and rubbed his palm up and down Hux’s neck. The shivers lessened with time. With this closeness Kylo caught glimpses of his mind. There was grief and anger, all directed towards Starkiller and himself and everyone who was working on it. The loss of life, staggering. It was one thing to give the order on the Hosnian system, completely another when the cowards came and destroyed his entire life’s work without regard to human life. The Resistance was no better than any warmongering people in this galaxy. Yet people revered them, put them up, call them hero’s. They are nothing better then liars and self righteous pricks, doing the same bad things to get things done and getting lauded. In a way now they were in balance – even. Alderaan and Death Stars. Now Hosnian Prime and Starkiller. Every life they took, the other side retaliated in kind. “Let’s get to a planet, contact the First Order. See how thing’s stand. And then decide. Another day won’t change matters.” Hux gripped Kylo’s clothes in his hands stopping his struggles. Once again not noticing exactly what he was doing, Hux leaned in, resting against Kylo’s chest, with his forehead on Kylo’s shoulder. He didn’t exactly go limp and boneless, but relaxed for a moment. Kylo kept rubbing his neck, now sending his way calm in the Force as well. Hux this time had slept long enough that it didn’t turn him sleepy, just languid, forgetting the need to care about who he was straddling and the position he was not it across Kylo’s lap. “Fine. One day delay.” Rubbing downwards, Kylo grazed the top of the scars on Hux’s shoulder, once again getting curios, but recalling the memory Hux projected, Kylo tramped down any wishes to ask about it. “It was a rival cadet. I had beat his scores. He- he wanted to get me out of the competition.” Hux was quietly relaying the story into Kylo’s shoulder – once again having picked up on Kylo’s thoughts. “He had a mean streak. I think- I think he put something in my drink during evening meal. I remember him lingering at my table, while i was eating. I was talking to someone else, and wanted to tell him off, but he left on his own.” Now Hux went boneless against his chest, letting go of Kylo’s clothes, thus prompting him to gather him closer and with one had support his back. The other hand tracing the scars, a bit under the uniform shit Hux was wearing unbuttoned over an undershirt. “I woke up to pain, feeling him cut me, but was still too out of it. I had had substance tolerance training, but this was something. Something else, a paralytic was added.” Hux shifted his head, trying to push at Kylo, to hide himself deeper in him. “By the time I could move enough, he had cut the five lines, working on the sixth – I was his sixth you see, but I pulled away. Turned, surprised him, he wasn’t expecting me to wake. Or to overpower him. I used the same knife.” “It took just the one slice.” Kylo felt a memory of blood spattering from a neck, surprised betrayed eyes, as if the attacker could never imagine one of his victims actually fighting back. Kylo’s hand dipped lower, grazing the jagged scar. “Hux- I’m sorry.” Hux shrugged, “Its old news.” “Not that old, never old. Not if it makes you react like that.” He squeezed Hux’s sides a bit. Fighting for survival wasn’t what childhood was about. “There’s nothing you can do about it now.” Hux whispered in answer to Kylo’s thoughts. Then sighed just before his stomach rumbled. “Hmm.” Hux hummed before getting off of Kylo’s lap. He missed the warmth and closeness the second it was gone. “I’ll go eat. Get us to that promised planet, will you?” Hux said as a parting words before disappearing in the hallway. Across from the refresher there was a supply closet with food and tools and other things. Kylo could hear him rummaging in there as he focused on the control panel in front of him, getting a star map, and inputting the route into the navigation. Soon enough the stars stretched out and they got into hyperspace. Kylo fell into light meditation, confirming that they still were moving towards where Rey was. He couldn’t reach her, but was sure that she was his goal and that he will meet her and soon. The planet was just on the edge of Outer Rim, overpopulated enough that they could easily disappear among its population, and far enough from both the First Order and the Resistance so no one would have a wish to snitch on them. Anonymity was the keyword here. Kylo feared Hux might be overwhelmed with the presence of too many people, living and breathing in the Force on the planet. But instead Hux was focusing on a goal and not noticing anything around him. Kylo asked after his goal but didn’t get an answer just a growl of impatience. Which was why he didn’t let Hux out of his sight, but Hux was ignoring him. There was a public holonet access point at a hall of records. Kylo talked them through the attendance desk where a talkative twi’lek girl wanted their ID’s, and soon enough Hux was in front of a terminal, slicing in a First Order terminal remotely, to check up on things. Kylo was hoping he was using caution and not logging in with his own access codes. Glancing at the screen over Hux’s shoulders he thought he saw Mitaka’s name. “You know Mitaka’s password?” A vague shrug from Hux, until a few moments later he stilled his hands above the screen and loudly exhaled. “What?” Kylo figured Hux had found that he was a wanted man, and the First Order had issued a bounty for him. But instead it was a woman’s face looking back at him, blonde, regal looking, and fierce. “Phasma?” Hux was scrolling lower with a frown, getting steadily more angry in the Force. Kylo put his hand on Hux’s shoulder – physical proximity had calmed him before, so he was hoping for the same this time as well. It worked somewhat. What Hux was reading seemed to upset him even more. “She- she was the one. Shit damn Ren, she was the one to lower the shields on Starkiller!” Kylo gestured with his free hand to put up a Force barrier around them. Hux had gotten louder with every word, and a few other patrons of the Hall of Records had started to pay them undue attention. Mentioning Starkiller might just tip the curiosity over into suspicion. And it was something he would rather avoid at the moment. “She- she’s why my life is in ruins now. She’s at fault! For everything.” The anger Hux felt was quickly overtaken once again by grief – for a system’s destroying weapon he put so much effort in. But that’s Hux. “I will find her.” Hux voice sounded cold and cruel. Kylo didn’t want to be in Phasma’s place at the moment, not at all. “I will not leave it like this.” Hux clicked the wanted poster away, navigating across the page checking general status of things. They spent about thirty minutes there, Hux still fuming about Phasma the entire time. It all might end very badly. Or worse. The cantina was loud, but somewhat homey, if that feeling could be quantified. It wasn’t particularly seedy, but the clientele was rowdy at moments. Hux went straight to the bar as soon as they were through the door. Kylo still was amazed and baffled as to where the uptight strict General Hux went to and who was this scruffy emotional companion accompanying him now. Kylo tried to ignore any ideas about clones and dimensional travelers (can you even imagine two of Hux?). Kylo shuddered at the thought at tried to delete it from his brain. Upon reaching Hux at the bar, he had already almost emptied the first drink and was hailing the bartender for a second. “One for me as well.” He didn’t particularly care what Hux was ordering, some downtime was in order. “I’m not sure you’re gonna like that – its a bit of an acquired taste.” Hux no doubt was figuring Kylo for someone without an alcohol tolerance, but he knew he might surprise him. His first taste was thanks to his father- he didn’t want to remember the reason for being here, stuck without a master, and with an apprentice that wasn’t eager to know everything about the force. He wanted his power, his master and Rey as an apprentice. Not this fake Sith he was saddled with. Hux was looking at him. Angrily. Shit. Kylo out up his hands to stop was what already a mounting amount of tension coming from Hux, bound to turn explosive. And he didn’t even got his drink. The bartender had just put both drinks on the counter, when Hux grabbed one and tossed it straight into Kylo’s head. He managed to force grab it, but not the second drink that followed immediately after. Or Hux who followed bodily after both drinks, with yellow eyes flaring in anger. “Fake Sith? Ill show you fake Sith! Rot in fucking hell Ren!” Hux was slighter, and Kylo could stop him, but he added the force to the shove and soon Kylo was on the ground with Hux on top, pounding at his head. Kylo put up his hands to try and stop him. While falling, he had clipped the next table and patrons there used the disturbance to settle out their own grievances. Along with many others whose drinks got spilled and it all ended it a big chaos of a brawl. Now it started get more and more important to get out of here before the authorities arrived, if only Hux would. Stop. Beating. Him! “Hux!”at one point it turned just to Hux, the force diminishing in the hits, letting Hux plow into him with his own strength, extremely pissed off. So Kylo kicked up his feet and with a twist turned them upside down. Now with Hux on the floor, he could pin him. “I’m sorry, alright! Shit, Hux, I didn’t mean it like that.” But deep down he did. “But you did! You still do! Don’t deny, i see your mind clear enough.” “Hux- ” “No. I don’t need your pity. You have an emotional range of a teaspoon, Ren. I don’t envy you on that.” Hux groused, stilling on the floor, ignoring the brawl still going strong all around them. “I know you don’t want me. You want that girl, whats her name, to teach her all the wondrous things about this precious force of yours. And I- I know i cant leave you, that must amuse you. The great General Hux fallen so low! Brawling in a cantina, tossed on a dirty floor!” “Hux, no-” “Don’t interrupt me!” Hux yelled, “So I will go with you. Wherever that is. I know I cant be on my own, not with this force of yours.” Then just closing his eyes in defeat; deflating on the floor, silent. Kylo tried to come up with and apology, something. But before he could string a sentence together in his head, someone showed them in the side, upsetting their moment of peace. Kylo showed them back with the force, snarling and scaring them with his scar bisecting his face in half. The brawler twitched back in fright, radiating fear into the force. Kylo got both of them to feet and with Hux’s help navigated out of the cantina right in time - they were rounding the corner when the authorities arrived. "Shit. That was close." Kylo muttered - there wasn’t much they could do to the both of them, but any recordings of their faces might trigger an alert to the resistance. And that just wouldn’t do. “Hmpf.” Hux huffed, pulling away from Kylo, walking forward. Back to the ship, probably thinking of tracking down Phasma. Kylo knew though that Hux will stick with him, even if out of desperation only. Which was just sad, and making him angry. That Hux wasn’t willing to learn about the Force, just how to suppress it, to tamp it down. The shuttle was just where they left it, not even a glorified parking ticket on it, making Kylo proud of his skills, both in the force to cloak the ship and in smuggling, to make it unnoticeable to those that might. “And we went out for a drink, didn’t we.” Hux groused when they were back. Looking around, he rummaged the supply stacks, but there wasn’t anything there. So before Kylo could make a peep of any departure plans, Hux had turned about and walked down the ramp. This time Kylo left him to his own devices. If Hux got into another bar brawl, it was on him. And if he accidentally unleashed his force powers then they probably deserved it. He just hoped Hux wouldn’t bring half the space port down at it. But he was worrying about nothing – no more than twenty minutes went by when Hux was back, lugging a significantly sized bottle with him. “Now we can leave. Go. Find your scavenger.” Hux pounded once on the hatch closing button and sat down on the cot he woke up on, signaling for Kylo to leave. Kylo, being absolutely done with Hux and .. well, just Hux, punched at the navigation and got the shuttle up in the atmosphere. They had a destination and he wanted to get there as soon as possible. He resolutely ignored Hux getting drunker and drunker in the Force behind him, just hoping that drunk Hux was mellow and not a menace. Going by the feeling he left in the force, Hux was getting sleepy and was soon passed out on the cot, curled around the now empty bottle. Kylo hoped his morning hangover was vicious and bad enough to amuse him for a long time. Drifting in space, hurtling towards a target, even if he didn’t have an exact location of coordinates, was calming. Good for meditation. What wasn’t good for meditation was Hux being hungover and spreading misery all over the shuttle. Kylo tried to barrier him away, but it wasn’t working much. Hux kept distressing all over the place and Kylo really really wanted to airlock him at the moment. Except there was no way he could actually do that to him, no matter what his current feelings were saying about it. Kylo thought about the things he knew of healing powers. Most thought them a power of the dark side, but having succumbed to this part of the Force, he could say with absolute certainty that it wasn’t so. It was a matter of balance, of righting things out of alignment that allowed for it. Purely dark and purely light could try to heal, even succeed up to a point, but it could never reverse a significant amount of damage, never. But a balance of both – it could do things, impressive things. At some point Kylo realized bringing back some light into him was inevitable, even if he strived to be pure dark, he could never ever achieve it. The Force itself wouldn’t let him, no matter what his own wishes had to say about it. Which coincidentally was why he was vary of trying to heal even Hux’s hangover at the moment – not to mention what Snoke did to him in the first place – that wrongness can’t be healed by anyone. Because his attachment to the Force, even with the forcible way it was made, it wasn’t a wound, and a Force healing would to nothing for it. But Hux might not realize that. And if Kylo tried to heal the hangover – Hux might ask him to heal his ability to use the force. Which Kylo would never do. As would the Force wouldn’t want to let him go. There was always a disbalance in the Force, and as one or the other side wanted the supremacy. But his own deeds of killing the young Jedi at Luke’s school made the disbalance even greater. Kylo dropped out of his meditative state and went to see how Hux was doing. That he was miserable was an obvious thing, but Kylo decided that he had it with the background misery and he could also do with some sleep now that Hux was more of less awake. He tried not to think what an upset and miserable Hux might to while he slept. His path to Rey was clear, but he knew just exactly how much Hux wanted to find Phasma and have more than words with her about that shield dropping business. “Hux.” He stood near the cot, next to which Hux was not lying on the floor, groaning, a blanket half covering him. Hux flinched upon the sound, but Kylo wasn’t sure he actually hear what he was saying. “You are absolutely pathetic like this, I hope you know.” Kylo stooped down, and pulled the blanket away. The sudden movement made Hux flinch once again and curl up in something that resembled a ball, but gave off an impression of a heap of misery a lot more. “Hux.” Kylo sighed and dropped the blanket on the cot, before stooping low once again, grabbing a hold of Hux. Which made the man flinch now a third time. “Hux?” He hear Hux mumble something under his breath, but figured it was something extremely unflattering and didn’t bother trying to listen to it. “Come on Hux, get up from the floor.” Not letting himself be bothered by further flinches from Hux, Kylo pulled him up and set him on the cot. Hux was slight and come to think of it, even thinner than before. He tried not let that bother him, but now a constant background worry nestled somewhere in his consciousness. Hux mumbled something a bit louder, but Kylo still couldn’t hear him. Deciding to humor him, he said “What’s that? I can’t hear you, Hux.” And leaned closer – putting him in biting or lashing out range, but he wasn’t overtly worried about it much. “I said. Asshole. That I’m not. Pathetic. You are.” Yep, there it was. Kylo sighed and stood up again. “And here I was willing to pity you.” Which, true, might have not been the best thing to say, but still he said it. A shocked silence from Hux, followed by “Asshole.” and pulling the blanked over himself, hiding from both Kylo and rest of the world at the same time. “You know, I’m actually glad that you decided to go and find the scavenger for, shit, for being your apprentice instead of me.” “And why is that?” Now Kylo himself was confused – Hux seemed so upset about it yesterday. “Because now I realize who she will be together with.” Kylo frowned. He had a feeling he knew where this was going, and he really didn’t want now to be the moment when he was finally forced to realize the possible consequences of his wishes to find Rey. “Luke Skywalker. And that man, he will beat your ass. Along with the girl – they both despise you, don’t they?” Kylo really wanted to yell back the insult Hux leveled at him not a moment earlier. But calling Hux an asshole wouldn’t change anything, this was a thing he had to consider. And instead he had buried his head in the sand (as irritating as it might get, it was place to hide so many great things). He could always call Hux and asshole for bringing it up. But it still left him with the problem as to what exactly was waiting for him once he gets close enough to Rey. Deciding to ignore it once again, in favor of a miserable Hux, Kylo left to the supply closed for caff and something that might resemble a breakfast. Hux was giggling now behind him, with an infrequent ‘ow’ to indicate his hurting head, as well as everything else. Kylo had no pity for him. Hux went and got drunk all of his own free volition. He did sympathy him, that was true. Having scrounged up some breakfast Kylo returned to Hux still huddling on the cot, with a blanket over him, slightly shivering. His presence in the Force was once calm, as if settled. There was a feeling of resignation, which for Hux was the same as acceptance. Along with misery and nausea, but those two were purely physical sensations, and Kylo knew how to battle them. As long as this day stayed still and calm, they could take a breath. “You know, wishing for a calm day is exactly what attracts trouble.” Hux murmured from underneath the blanked, shifting a bit – curling in on himself. Kylo didn’t even feel when Hux had slipped in his mind. Now that he was looking for it, he could feel a foreign – yet so familiar – sensation in his mind. He had been so used to feeling Snoke in his mind, that his absence had hurt. And now having Hux will that void felt like the best feeling he could have wished for. He sensed that Hux had slipped there unintentionally, and didn’t want to startle him into retreating. He reached out with his own mind, welcoming the presence, inviting it further. Hux’s presence shivered – along with the man on the cot – upon Kylo’s touch, but didn’t retreat. Slowly they tangled together, learning of each other, getting used to the feeling of not being alone. Along the connection Kylo could feel Hux’s thoughts, but didn’t intrude, knowing that this moment of peace would shatter immediately. Instead he opened his own mind, inviting Hux to see all of him, in his grotesque being. Kylo felt when Hux reached further, now consciously. With purpose. “You are really messed up, Ren. And- and that’s saying a lot, especially coming from me.” Hux said a little above a whisper. And yet he didn’t retreat from Kylo’s mind. He reached out to all the borders, touching and exploring before curling up and anchoring himself deep in his mind. Kylo shuddered at the intimacy. This was nothing like Snoke in his head. Kylo shuddered as well, liking too much the new sensation. He didn’t even notice when Hux fell again asleep, his presence still there in his mind. His hunger let itself known, caff now cold but still welcome. Kylo reached out a hand, laying it on Hux’s shoulder, wanting to reach the man physically as well. He left a ration bar and water next to the cot, for when Hux would wake up, before retreating from the room. Taking a seat in the pilot’s chair, Kylo was staring out the view port. Thinking of a blue water covered planet, where Rey and Luke were surely awaiting him. And Hux was right – it wouldn’t be with open arms and forgiving hearts. It would be with more injury and possible death. But it still was a better option than the Resistance that would arrest and trial him and Hux both. And he didn’t want Hux in their hands. Never. Their morals were rigid and unchangeable – same as Hux, if he thought about it. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 6 of the kylux fics series