Chapter 1 I remember how I stood in line with the numerous other recruits, dressed in the iconic orange coveralls, hands folded behind our backs. Finally, I had gathered the courage to join the Resistance, to fight, to fly . General Organa herself had looked each of us up and down, silently judging us, seeing for the first time what we could be capable of. Since then we’d come far. We’d long since completed training and began to make a name for ourselves at the main base. "Did you guys seriously join because you thought some guy on a recruitment poster was hot?“ I shake my head at my friends in mock disappointment. Aside from me, my squadron consisted of a girl called Hyadum, a boy called Biham, another boy called Graves, a girl that goes by the name Jenn, and one more guy called Chertan. "Why did you think I was so excited when we were assigned to D'Qar?” Hyadum waves the datapad displaying the infamous mockup poster with the words ‘Watching Over The Sky And The Stars’ emblazoned across the top, an attractive man posing heroically alongside some X-Wings beneath. “C'mon, you can’t tell us he’s not good looking.” "What he is is arrogant. I mean, ’ best pilot in the resistance ’? Really?“ I roll my eyes, leaning back against my X-Wing. “I joined because flying X-Wing Starfighters is the most exciting, exhilarating experience I’ve ever had. Joining the Resistance gives me the chance to do that while also fighting for the freedom of people across galaxy.” "And that’s why you’re the team leader,“ Chertan nudges me, and I smile at him, grateful. "Well, when Dameron isn’t calling the shots.” I glare at my teammate, no longer grateful. "Red Squadron, Ivory Squadron, you’re up.“ I sigh, recognising the voice of the cocky pilot. Seems our time wasting is over. My teammates return to their own X-Wings as my BB unit rolls over to me. "C'mon, ‘09. We’ve got a job to do.” I grin down at the grey and white BB droid, BB-09. The Hoth system is home to a small Resistance outpost in addition to the old ruins of the Rebel Alliance’s Echo Base. Coming out of hyperspace gives us a full view of the icy planet and the small scale fight happening just outside. A small squadron of X-Wing Starfighters - the Azure Squadron, I think - that had been stationed at the Hoth outpost are already fighting. "Alright, here we go. Lock S-Foils in attack position.“ Commander Dameron’s voice comes through the comms. It only takes a moment for the TIE Fighters to notice us. "This is Azure Four, requesting backup! I’ve got a whole lot of TIEs on my tail here!” Calls out the voice of one of the pilots from Hoth. "BB-09, lock onto Azure Four’s position.“ I shout back to my astromech droid before speaking into the mic. "This is Ivory One. I’m on my way.” The TIE Fighters are nearly on top of the pilot. From behind, I surge forward, a rapid succession of shots fired destroying the four TIEs. I pull up sharply, avoiding Azure Four’s X-Wing, doing a loop so to quickly dive down again, taking out a TIE Fighter set to collide with Azure Four. '09 screeches from the back as I laugh in glee, zipping past the front of the Hoth based X-Wing, targeting a new cluster of TIEs. "That was some fancy flying, Ivory One. Thanks for the save.“ My comrade’s voice says over the comms. "Just doing what I can.” I reply, a grin on my face. "The laughter as you shot those ships down really made the moment.“ Jenn jokes. I roll my eyes, spotting her ship far away to my right. "What can I say, Ivory Three? I love my job.” I state, still beaming at the thrill of the chase. I watch as more TIE Fighters materialise in front of me, my breath hitching as an old Star Destroyer appears alongside them. I pull up, narrowly avoiding crashing into the ships. Damn, they must really want that outpost gone. Why are they sending so much firepower, though? "What’s the plan, Black Leader?“ I ask, voice clear, if not slightly strained, as I focus my efforts of making a dent in the opposing forces. Through the comms I hear the voices of all the pilots asking the same question. "Y'know, I don’t think I want to be an X-Wing pilot anymore.” Hyadum says, and I can hear the uncertainty in her voice. "Yeah, well that’s what happens when you sign up to a war effort because you thought a poster looked nice,“ I mutter. My eyes run over the old ship, reminding myself of how they were destroyed in the past. Why were the First Order using such old tech? I collect myself before speaking again. "Alright, listen up everyone. Ivory Two, Four, Five, make sure those TIE Fighters don’t get near that Star Destroyer. Ivory Three, Six, deal with those turbolasers. Azure Squadron, am I correct in thinking you still consist of six pilots?” "Yes, Ivory Leader.“ Somebody on the Azure Squadron responds. I inhale deeply, firing at one of the spherical deflector generators, accepting how I’ve overstepped my boundaries, so far that the Azure Squadron think I’m a commanding officer. I swerve around the globes, taking out a few TIE Fighters on the way. "I need Azure One and Two to deal with those deflector shield generator globes. Azure Three, Four, help my team with those armaments - focus on the ion cannons. Azure Five, Six, help keep those TIEs off our tails.” I instruct, fearing more for the punishment I’ll receive when we return than the Star Destroyer at that moment. "Red Squadron, bring down those armaments. Take out any TIE that gets too close. Red Four, watch my back. Keep an eye out for Ivory Leader , too.“ I wince internally as Commander Dameron emphasises my 'new’ callsign. I can’t quite tell if he’s amused or angry, and that really doesn’t help. "This is Azure Two. One shield generator down!” I’m informed as I watch the left orb explode. As the remaining shield generator explodes, the black and orange of Commander Dameron’s X-Wing passes through the wreck and overhead my ship. "This is Black Leader. The shield generators are down, Ivory One .“ I swear I hear one of my teammates snickering as Black Leader refers to me by my actual callname. I swoop round the ship and into position. I push my X-Wing to it’s limit, constantly firing at the bridge of the Star Destroyer, finally hitting it with my X-Wing’s torpedoes. I quickly activate my shield as I fly through the flames of the bridge. I whoop and laugh as the enemy warship begins to sink towards the frozen wasteland that is Hoth, BB-09 whirring and beeping along with me. I turn in a wide arc, directing my fire power to the remaining TIE Fighters. "You’re having the time of your life, Ivory One. I don’t think you even realise your mic is on.” I just laugh as Chertan teases me. "Azure One, send a message down to Hoth informing them of this scrap,“ The Commander orders over the comms. My excitement dies down a little. "Not bad, Ivory One, but next time leave the commanding to me.” "Right. Sorry, sir.“ I reply, really not wanting to return to base after that. I hear my teammates snickering at my misfortune. "Alright, team, let’s get back.” I hear Commander Dameron over the comms. I look out the window, watching as the Star Destroyer comes crashing down and the Azure squadron returns to Hoth. "It was nice working with you.“ Azure One says over the comms. I just catch his words before making the jump to hyperspace. "Red Flight, report in.” The Red Squadron responds to their commanding officer one by one, letting him know they’ve all arrived. “Ivory Flight, report in.” "Ivory One, standing by.“ I say, my teammates following after me. We touch down on the landing strip, a small crowd gathered to congratulate us. I pause for a moment, mentally preparing myself for whatever comes as a result of my actions. With a deep breath, I exit my X-Wing. I’m met with the same cheering as my teammates. As I’m giving the crowd a sheepish smile and a small wave, the rest of my squadron surround me, slapping me on the back and praising my work. Out of the corner of my eye, I spot Commander Dameron watching me, next to him General Organa. "Lieutenant Y/N L/N, I’d like to have a word.” The General calls me over. I swallow thickly, nervous, not particularly helped by my friends whispering 'good luck’ to me. "How can I help, General?“ I ask, clutching my helmet under my arm as I take my place to the right of General Organa. "Usually somebody would be punished for disobeying the orders of their commanding officer and even giving orders of their own,” The General casts a sideways glance at Commander Dameron who is walking beside her on her left. “However, the orders you gave were more than suitable and the mission succeeded, so this time you’re off the hook. In fact, your actions may just earn you some recognition.” I sigh in relief, thanking the General, a ghost of a smile slipping onto her face. We come to a stop outside the Command Centre, my superiors turning to face me. "The mission will be discussed thoroughly. We may have more to tell you at a later date. You are dismissed, Lieutenant.“ General Organa tells me before entering the Command Centre. "That was some sharp flying out there. You’re not a bad pilot.” Commander Dameron says after a moment, drawing my attention. "Thank you, Commander,“ I flash a weak smile. "And, uh, I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have taken control the way I did.” But you were taking too long, and my way worked . "You took down the Star Destroyer, so I’d say your plan was a success. Maybe next time don’t show me up like that in front of my squadron, though,“ He grins at me. "And just call me Poe.” "Oh, right, okay. Thank you, Comman- uh, Poe,“ I fidget with my helmet awkwardly. "Sorry, I should probably be going.” We quickly part ways, and I escape to the X-Wing hanger in which my ship can be found. I slump down, leaning against a crate as I process what just happened. I’m not getting kicked out for my little stunt back there. In fact, I might even be on my way to getting a promotion . Even Commander Dameron - Poe Dameron - isn’t as bad as I though. I laugh breathily, relieved and overjoyed but the result of today’s mission. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 I’m woken up by a banging on the door to my quarters. I refuse to get up, but the banging doesn’t cease, and it doesn’t take long for BB-09 to start beeping at me to answer it. "Can I help you?“ I snap as I open the door, only to have a pile of clothing shoved into my arms. The abrupt action wakes me up fully. "General needs you on the landing strip in 10. You’ll also need to hand in your old uniform at some point.” Commander Poe Dameron tells me. "Oh, uh, thanks?“ I say, still moderately confused. The man goes to leave, stifling a yawn. "Hey, you okay? You look exhausted.” "Not everyone gets dismissed as early as you do.“ He replies flatly, walking away. I frown, watching him go for a moment before returning to my room, closing the door behind me, deciding to dismiss his behaviour. Why would I need a new uniform? All they’ve given me are two pairs of the same orange jumpsuit as I’ve always had to wear and a badge. My eyes widen at the sight of the badge, though, a small, giddy giggle escaping me. "I think I got a promotion, ‘09!” I grin down at the BB unit whirring at my feet happily. Poe’s message makes a little more sense now, the realisation dawning on me. “Oh, Maker, I got a promotion .” I quickly change, making myself as presentable as possible in the short amount of time I have. I jog lightly to the landing strip to meet with the General, BB-09 hot on my heels. As the high-ranked woman comes into sight, I slow down, running a hand through my hair, taking note of how the sun is only just peaking over the horizon. "Our comrades from Hoth will be staying here as a result of the targeting from the First Order,“ General Organa informs me, watching a small fleet of ships landing. "Seeing as you played a vital part in the battle yesterday, and you are already familiar with some of the personnel stationed at Hoth, I need you here.” I nod in understanding as those that were stationed on Hoth approach, also noticing Commander Dameron take his place on the other side of the General. "It’s good to see you, Colonel Agthin.“ The General greets. It seems like the Hoth outpost was even smaller than I originally thought, seeing as the group here is so small. "And you, General Organa. We thank you for your assistance yesterday,” The older man smiles, gesturing to who I assume are the Azure Squadron. “Had your pilots not come to our aid, I dread to think of the lives and vital data we would have lost.” "Of course. This is Commander Dameron and Captain L/N,“ The General introduces us, and I stand to attention at the confirmation of my promotion, a hint of a smile tugging at my lips, though the Colonel’s words also strike an interest. What kind of vital data would be stored at a tiny outpost on Hoth? "You and your pilots may better recognise them as Black Leader and Ivory Leader, though.” General Organa glances at me, a twinkle in her eyes and a ghost of a smile on her face. Ivory Leader ? "If you would follow Commander Dameron and I to the Command Room, bringing with you the data from Hoth,“ General Organa then turns to address me. "Captain L/N, show the Azure Squadron around - the necessary data has been sent to your datapad. You’ll be needing to get to know them.” The General winks inconspicuously at me. "Yes, General Organa.“ I nod, smiling at the older woman before turning my attention to the six X-Wing pilots as the higher ranked officials take their leave. I pull out my datapad from one of my pockets, finding the message that had been sent to me with information regarding each pilot. I skim over it, surprised to find a small file on myself at the bottom. The file states my position as Captain and commanding officer of Ivory and Azure Squadrons, much to my delight, followed by some basic information and a small bio about me. I’ll read it later. "So, Captain L/N, huh?” I look up from my datapad, finding one of the pilots grinning at me. “Hardly surprising. You always were top of the class in training.” "Curint Raytreader. Been a while,“ I return the smile, my attention flickering around the pilots I shared training with. "C'mon, let’s get you all settled.” "I’m just glad to finally be off of Hoth.“ A girl, Zebalea, says. I wonder if she and Curint are still going steady? Judging by their handholding and close proximity, I’d say it’s a safe guess that they are. "Boy, did you complain.” I tease her as I lead the group to the X-Wing hanger. "I had good reason - Hoth had nothing! D'Qar has nice weather, nice scenery, and not to mention nice people ,“ I look back at Zebalea who has a mischievous smirk on her face. "Like, damn , that Commander Dameron is fine .” "Isn’t he the guy on the recruitment poster?“ Another girl, Kat, chimes in. "Oh, Maker, don’t tell me you guys joined because of that poster too.” I roll my eyes exaggeratedly. "Who didn’t?“ Curint chuckles - at least he’s honest. Doesn’t stop me from raising my hand. "Of course you didn’t.” "Is he single?“ A guy called Bryce asks, speeding up to walk beside me. "Far as I know,” I shrug. Let them have their fun. “Well, this is the hanger, where you’ll find all your X-Wings. We’ll stop by the Command Centre, Food Hall, and Medbay before I show you your assigned rooms.” "How come you haven’t made a move?“ Bryce prompts, a glint in his eyes. I raise an eyebrow at him, a silent question as to why he’s asking. "Always seemed too arrogant to me,” I tell them. “I guess he isn’t as bad as I first thought, though, seeing as he could’ve probably gotten me kicked out or at least demoted for acting the way I did on the mission yesterday.” "Well, thank the Maker you did act the way you did. You got us to take down a Star Destroyer. Thanks for saving me back there, too.“ Teditt pats my shoulder, and I realise he must be Azure Four from yesterday. "Just doing my job,” I smile sheepishly. “Kinda.” "You’re our commanding officer now. I’d say you’re doing a pretty good job of your job.“ Murphy speaks up, smiling reassuringly at me. "Thanks. Well, next stop, the Food Hall,” I show them through the stoney corridors and into the large room full of tables. The smell of breakfast wafts through, and I realise I didn’t have the chance to eat before getting to work. "Y/N, what are you doing here? You’re hardly ever up this early.“ Chertan saunters over, eating a piece of fruit. "Duty calls,” I shrug, gesturing to the Azure Squadron. “In the form of someone hammering on my door at the crack of dawn.” "That’s what that was about?“ Chertan laughs, taking another bite. He must’ve heard, seeing as he’s two rooms down from me. My teammate tosses me one of the fruits he was holding. "You want this more than I do, Captain .” I catch the fruit, smiling in thanks as Chertan brushes past to leave. “Hey, if you see Biham and Graves, tell them I’ve noticed how quiet they’ve gotten? They need to actually be sleeping when they’re sleeping together. Their exhaustion doesn’t help anyone.” Chertan laughs. I quickly bring the Azure Squadron around the base and to the Medbay, making idle chitchat and answering their questions about the base and the people it’s home to. "So, you are Chertan, hm?“ Zebalea pipes up as we leave the medical centre, grinning mischievously at me. "What? Oh, no way. We aren’t a thing,” I laugh at Zebalea’s assumption. “Biham and Graves are, though. So are Jenn and Hyadum." "There must be someone you like.“ Zebalea pouts, and the rest of her group looks equally interested. Hoth was pretty small; I suppose they would grab at any gossip they got their hands on. "Afraid not,” I tell her honestly, and she groans, rolling her eyes. “Anyway, here’s the Command Centre.” I gesture to the open doorway with the faint blue glow. We stand at the top of the stairs leading to the room, vines crawling along the rough stone walls a contrast to the Medbay. Glancing down the steps, I catch the attention of General Organa who is discussing something with Poe just outside the room. "Captain L/N, once you’re finished touring your new squadron, please report back to me. I have something I wish to discuss.“ The General calls to me, momentarily breaking her conversation with the Commander. "Will do.” I reply before leading the group further below ground, down to their living quarters. "What about Commander Dameron? You said he’s single and not as bad as you first thought.“ Zebalea prompts, clearly not letting go of the subject. I sigh. ” Poster boy is just a Commander I happened to piss off on a mission yesterday; trust me, there is no chemistry there,“ I tell her firmly, arriving at the squadron’s quarters. Zebalea drops the subject. "You should have information about your exact dorm on your datapads. If you need anything, just give me a shout.” Once I’ve ensured they know where they’re staying, I briskly walk back to the Command Centre to speak with General Organa. My shoes make barely a sound as they pass over the stone floor of the underground Resistance base and I let go of my earlier conversation. "General Organa, you wished to see me?“ I make my presence known, thankful that the meeting she was in is finished. The General beckons me over, turning her attention away from her work. "As you have already noticed, you have been promoted. I wanted to just go over that with you,” The General begins. “Essentially, your new rank will require you to attend more meetings and go out on more missions. You also have the added responsibilities of being the commanding officer of the Ivory and Azure Squadrons when out in the field. All necessary information has been sent to your datapad." "I understand. I won’t let you down.“ I nod firmly, a small smile gracing my lips. "I know you won’t, but you seemed surprised when you found out about your promotion.” The older woman’s voice softens. "Yeah, I, ah, I was actually expecting to be at least de moted after my actions yesterday. I completely overstepped my boundaries, so I was a little surprised.“ I admit to the General, averting my gaze. She rests a hand on my shoulder, forcing me to meet her eyes. "It was your quick thinking that took down that Star Destroyer, even if it was Poe’s job. You saved your comrades and faced the enemy with guile and bravery,” She reassures me. “Even Commander Dameron recognised it. That is , after all, why he was the one to suggest making you a commanding officer.” "He… did?“ I take a moment to process what the General has told me. "I thought he hated me after I took his place as leader yesterday!” General Organa laughs softly, smiling at me. “Go now. You have a lot to read through and I’m sure your friends are wondering where you are. I’ll be in contact soon regarding a mission.” I thank her for her time before taking my leave, not quite able to stop the grin spreading across my face. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Notes: small time jump of like. idk. a month? yeah that sounds right. because i couldnt think of anything other than this chapter ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ "Approaching the First Order base now. We good on the other side, Black Leader?“ I speak into the commlink, the X-Wing I’m flying in heading straight towards a grey tower, the Azure Squadron in formation close behind me, keeping close to the tops of the tall evergreen trees. "All clear over here.” Poe replies, approaching with the Blue Squadron the other side of the small First Order base. The plan was to launch a small scale attack on the outpost as a distraction. Once we’d lured their troops a short way away, Poe was to then sneak into the base to try and locate some information regarding the recent attack on Hoth. I know that the Resistance believed the Hoth outpost to be small enough to go unnoticed, and that’s why they had been keeping some highly classified information there. What I’m not sure, though, is what that information is. We just needed to know how the First Order found out about this information so we could prevent it happening again. "You all ready for this?“ I question my team as the enemy spots us. The fleet of TIE Fighters split up, going after either Poe’s Squadron or mine. A chorus of affirmations from my team come through the comms. I do my job, destroying a number of TIE Fighters while keeping a close ear out for the signal to draw the enemy away from Poe. I’m flying towards the tower, two TIEs on my tail, when I get the first round of bad news. "I’m smoking, but my droid should be able to deal with it.” The voice of Blue Two is slightly staticky. I frown, concerned, and so distracted I almost forget to pull up. In the nick of time, I swerve out of the way of the tall building, though the TIE Fighters aren’t as lucky, crashing into the steel walls in a burst of flames. Someone cries out, and I spot one of our pilot swoop in to take a shot from a TIE Fighter for their teammate. They smack into the same TIE and the two plummet into the forest. "Blue Two is down.“ Blue Three says weakly. My stomach drops, leaving me with the feeling that this mission will not end the way planned. Instead, I shove the bad feeling aside. "Black Leader, any chance of giving us the signal?” I ask, voice grim at the loss of a comrade, firing at a couple of TIEs that have gotten too close to Jessika. "Soon,“ Poe replies. I spot his black and orange X-Wing take out a number of TIEs, leaving him flying in open space. "Now!” Our forces move closer together and further away from Poe’s X-Wing, bringing with us the TIE Fighters following us. We all work together as quickly as possible to take out as many of the First Order ships while luring them to the other side of the building. I circle back around, my X-Wing dangerously close to the ground as I blast the stormtroopers below us, trying to gain their attention as Poe flies further into the forest. I glance up before regrouping, checking to see that Poe is still flying alone, the S-Foils of his ship no longer locked in attack position. "Poe, watch out!“ I shout into my mic, a moment too late as a stray TIE Fighter clips the wings of his X-Wing in an attempt to stop him. The TIE spirals out of control, crashing into the dense greenery. "Looks like I’m gonna have to do an emergency landing.” Poe’s voice is gruff. I watch in horror from the relative safety of my own X-Wing as his descends dangerously into the forest. "Black Leader?“ I call frantically as his ship disappears, plumes of smoke marking it’s position. "Poe? Poe!” "Ivory Leader, what should we do?“ Someone in my squadron asks, uncertainty lacing their voice. I swallow thickly and take a deep breath, calming myself. "Keep drawing those TIE Fighters away from Dameron. We’ve still got a job to do,” I order, voice sounded harsher than I intended. “Get yourselves back home the moment I tell you. I’m not risking any more of you.” Ensuring there are no enemies on my tail, I fly in a steep curve around Poe’s crash site, my ship almost brushing the tops of the trees, ignoring questioning voices of my comrades. "I’m your commanding officer, so trust me ,“ I tell them as I spot a small, well hidden clearing a suitable distance away from the tower. "Now get back home.” I quickly manoeuvre my spacecraft into the clearing, seeing my pilots hesitantly leaving the planet, wishing me luck over the comms. "BB-09, stay here. Only leave if someone aside from myself or Poe finds you.“ I order my astromech as I leap out of my X-Wing, stripping off my bulky pilot gear, keeping with me a knife and a blaster before running in the direction of Poe’s X-Wing, hoping I’ll feel warmer on this frigid moon after the exercise. The smoke billowing from the broken Starfighter makes it easy for me to find the man, but deep down I know it also makes it easier for the enemy troops. "This is such bantha fodder,” I grumble to myself, finding a trail of broken trees. “Stupid pilot just couldn’t be an asshole like I thought, could he? If he was, I wouldn’t be so dead set on helping him.” Upon finding the wreckage, I immediately trip over something, hissing as I hit the frozen ground. I move quickly to my feet, but the thing I fell over keeps bumping into the back of my legs, beeping frantically. "Oh, Maker.“ I murmur as BB-8 leads me to the Commander I’m looking for. Poe’s dragged himself out of the ship, but his head’s bleeding and he’s prodding at his ankle, his jaw clenched. BB-8 nudges him so very softly and the man spots me. "What are you doing here?” He asks, eyes betraying his surprise at my sudden appearance. "I’m getting you home,“ I tell him, crouching at his side. "Can you walk?” "Tried that. Didn’t last long.“ He laughs weakly, wiping blood from his forehead. I offer him my hand, pulling him to his feet, quickly moving to support him. "Think you can hobble?” I ask, and he chuckles. “BB-8, keep up, okay?” As we distance ourselves from crash site, I find myself biting my lip, trying to think if I have anything to get Poe temporarily patched up back at my ship. He doesn’t make a sound, but he’s limping and his breathing is laboured. I watch his expression closely. He’s wincing, but seems entirely focussed on getting to where I’m taking him, trying to stay strong. It’s… admirable. "You like what you see?“ Poe catches me staring, making a weak attempt to lighten the mood. I roll my eyes, sighing. "Stop walking for a moment,” I tell him, guiding him to a convenient tree stump and setting him down. “How hard did you hit your head? And where else are you injured?” "It’s really not that bad. It’s just a couple scratches-“ Poe’s breath hitches. He manages to spin around before throwing up the contents of his stomach. I rush forward, rubbing his back, BB-8 beeping in concern. "You were saying?” I say dryly. Poe laughs weakly, wiping his mouth. I sigh again as he sits up, pulling out my knife and cutting off a strip of fabric from one of the sleeves of my jumpsuit. I push back Poe’s hair, revealing the cut, gently wiping away the blood on his forehead before putting pressure on the wound. “Well, we know you have a concussion, Mr. ‘it’s-really-not-that-bad’. Quick question, how much do you weigh?” "You can’t be serious…“ I meet Poe’s eyes, slightly closer than I realised. He trails off, seeing the intensity of my gaze. "You’re serious. Oh, my knight in vibrant coveralls .” "You are in no shape to be up and about,“ I tell him sternly, but cracking a small smile at his sarcastic comment as BB-8 agrees with me. "And if I can carry my astromech, I can at least try to carry you.” Any protest from Poe dies as he resigns to becoming a human rucksack, grumbling as he keeps the rag pushed to his head as I walk back to my ship, BB-8 by my side. “It’s not that far now,” I tell him, another thought coming to mind. “And I swear, if you throw up on me, I’m leaving your ass behind.” "I make no promises, doll.“ Poe laughs drowsily. Yeah, he’s definitely concussed. We walk in silence, Poe resting his head on top of mine and no longer gripping my shoulders as hard, giving me reason to think he might be falling asleep. Just as I think he’s dozed off, Poe pipes up. "Why’d you come for me?” The question takes me by surprise and I take a moment to answer. “Because you’re a good person, Poe. You’re a valuable member of the Resistance,” Seeing as the guy’s only kind of lucid, I try to keep things simple. “Besides, what would we all be without the best pilot in the Resistance?” He snorts. "C'mon, everyone in the Starfighter Corps knows you don’t believe that,“ Poe says, and I feel the seed of guilt beginning to sprout. "Not sure what I did to earn your distaste, though.” I don’t reply, suddenly feeling like a very bad person. Even BB-8 isn’t looking at me. Why… why do I dislike Poe? "I think,“ I start, voice quiet. "I think that I thought you were just some cocky flyboy, and I couldn’t understand why everyone held you in such high regard. Hell, most of my friends joined the Resistance because of your poster. I suppose after you helped me get a promotion, even after ignoring you in battle, my opinion started to change, but,” I pause, swallowing thickly, cheeks burning from embarrassment. “I guess I was just a little… envious? And I, uh, I suppose I still kind of am.” Poe doesn’t respond, and I don’t blame him. I hadn’t realised just how much of an asshole I’ve been since arriving at base. This past month, even though we’ve been working together more, I’ve barely made an attempt to talk to him outside of the battlefield. After that horrendously deep conversation, I almost weep when we arrive at my X-Wing. My back was beginning to ache, and the silence was slightly painful. Slowly, I set Poe down, BB-8 and BB-09 circling around him happily. I clamber into the cockpit, checking behind the seat for where I store emergency supplies. I pull out a flask of water and a couple energy bars. I check the first aid kit, swearing under my breath when I find it’s nearly empty. "Hey, '09, why do we have sick bags?“ I ask the grey and white droid, holding up the brown bags from the kit to see. The astromech droid replies with a beep that could only be described as the verbal version of a shrug. Oh well, at least they’re coming in handy. I turn my attention to the comms of my X-Wing. "This is Ivory Leader, reporting to base, do you copy?” I speak into my mic. No answer. “This is Ivory Leader, reporting to base, do you copy ?” "Y/N? Oh, Maker, we thought you were dead!“ In the background I hear people’s small cheers and sighs of relief, a smile crossing my face. "Nah, you can’t get rid of me that easily. Did my pilots make it back alright?” I ask, worried for the safety of my friends. "Everyone made it except for you, Poe Dameron, and Tift Anchor.“ I’m informed. "I’m with Dameron now. He’s pretty banged up and in serious need of medical attention, though,” I tell them, glancing down at the said pilot. My head snaps in the direction of an explosion in the distance. With a heavy heart, I recognise it as being where Blue Two’s ship went down. “I-I’m afraid Tift’s gone.” "Damn…“ I hear the sigh of disappointment. "Can you make it back?” "Should be able to, but not right away, I think. The First Order’s on high alert right now, and it’s not advisable to send someone to collect us,“ I say, gazing at the tower in the distance. "Have the medics ready at a moment’s notice, though. I’ll try to speak with you again soon.” "Will do. Good luck, Captain L/N.“ With that, the line goes dead. I collect myself, gathering the resources from my ship. "Hey, have these,” I drop down beside Poe, handing him the food, water and sick bags. “You should keep sipping the water, but only start eating once your stomach has settled.” "Thanks,“ He accepts the rations, but quickly notices how I’ve kept nothing for myself. "What about you?” "You need it more than I do. Besides, there’s still something I need to attend to.“ I tell him, shrugging. He stares at me, speechless. I glance over my shoulder, in the direction of the First Order outpost. I bite my lip, torn between finishing the mission and getting Poe home safely. "BB-8, '09, watch out for Poe,” I come to a decision, stripping myself of the very noticeable orange jumpsuit. Left in a tank top, leggings and boots, I grit my teeth as the cold bites as my bare arms, I hand Poe the bright article of clothing and my blaster. Frost crunches underfoot. “I’ll be back as soon as possible. You seem to have lost your blaster, and the coveralls are yours if you get cold or need to stop the bleeding or something.” "Hey, Y/N,“ Poe stops me as I begin to jog off. "Thanks. For everything.” "Just doing what I can for the best pilot in the Resistance.“ I flash him a smile before running in the direction of the tower. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 My breath catches as another explosion goes off, this time in the direction of the wreckage of Poe's X-Wing. I pick up the pace, weaving between frost covered trees. I slide to a stop and duck behind a crate, glancing around the corner at the numerous stormtroopers in the area. I creep around, doing my best to stay hidden as I survey the entrance. I move my hand to my hip only to find my holster empty. I look around for something else I could use, seeing as the knife probably won't be helpful against the armour of these brainwashed soldiers. I come to the realisation that I won't be able to complete Poe's mission if I try to fight my way through. I snatch a thick rope from atop one of the crates littered around, spying a lone trooper by a convenient patch of foliage. Giving the troops a large berth, I slowly approach my chosen stormtrooper. Coming up from behind, stalking through the unkept bracken, I pause, listening and looking, uncoiling the rope. I stand, hooking the rope around the trooper's neck and pulling them down and out of view, choking the life out of them. "Stop squirming and die like a soldier." I growl, tugging harder as their hands desperately pat the floor, searching for the weapon they dropped. Eventually they go limp, their silvery armour glinting in the slowly dying light. I look around, checking my surroundings for prying eyes before pulling the trooper out of sight. I waste no time stripping the trooper of their iconic armour and their shirt. I spare the woman's once hidden face one look, her skin going cold and blue and her eyes bloodshot. I'll save the guilt for later. Once I'm sure the body won't be found for a while, pushed out of the way and buried in the greenery, I stand straight, a new blaster in my hands and an expressionless mask covering my face. "Captain Plasmium, both X-Wings have been destroyed. The first pilot has been confirmed dead, but the body of the second pilot was missing." A stormtrooper reports to me when I reveal myself. "Search the are. Check on the other side of the outpost. They may have fled there." I say, voice as condescending as I can manage. "Report to me your findings later." "Will do, Captain." They salute to me before jogging with their comrades in the opposite direction of where I had hidden my X-Wing, a breath of relief escaping me. I enter the building, marching ahead, praying to whatever is watching over me to guide me on the right path. I'm instinctively taking turns through the maze of corridors when a stormtrooper approaches me. "Captain, only one patient remains for physical examination in the medical bay before transfer." They tell me. I nod in acknowledgment, hopefully hiding how I have no idea what they're talking about. "Who?" I question them. "FN-2187." They say. I find myself frowning, though it's hidden by the helmet. That's not a name. "Very well," I'm taken aback by information flickering to life on the inside of the helmet visor. I quickly take advantage, eyes skimming over the data. "Prepare your unit, FN-2180." I begin walking again, now far more confused than I was before. What was that? The moment I had focused on the stormtrooper, I was given their profile on the First Order database. Maybe this is the stormtrooper equivalent of a datapad? Maybe it was a specific request from this 'Captain Plasmium'. Would make sense, since it doesn't really seem as though these uniforms have pockets. I freeze as a familiar frantic beeping and the sound of heavy footsteps fill the silence. I turn, seeing my droid screeching as it approaches me at full speed, a number of stormtroopers hot on it's tail. "Halt!" I order. The stormtroopers are confused, but obey nonetheless. I spurt the first story that comes to mind, hoping none of these troops can understand the BB-Unit. "This droid has been reprogrammed. There is no need to be chasing it down when there are more important matters to attend to." The troopers stare at me. I can't see their faces, but I think they probably look dumbfounded. I'm scared for a moment, thinking for a moment that they do not believe me. "I said , there are more important matters to attend to ." I reiterate, voice harsh, hoping to convince them, though undeniably I'm on a slight power trip, the stormtroopers heeding my every beck and call. I look down at the droid figuratively cowering at my feet. Muttering, I speak to my friend. "Keep up, BB-09." I turn on my heel, walking confidently down the hall, my astromech hesitantly following. I turn into one of the first rooms I find, my cover almost blown. "I told you not to follow me!" I whisper angrily to my droid, pulling off the slightly metallic helmet once I'm sure the room is clear of any First Order personnel. I sigh, crouching down as BB-09 recognises me, beeping as it bumps into my shins affectionally. It realises what I said, and whirrs and whistles defensively. I put back on the stormtrooper helmet as I stand up. Looking around the room again, I realise I'm in an infirmary. Huh. The Force really does work in mysterious ways. "Sorry, Captain. The examiner had to get something. My physical examination has not yet been completed." An unrecognisable voice tells me. Looks like I'm not alone after all. "FN-2187," I say, the helmet identifying the Stormtrooper. They nod. "I take it they should be back soon?" They nod again. I decide to risk it. Opening drawers, I find various medical supplies. Ignoring the enemy behind me, I take only what I need, hiding bandages and an ankle support sock on my person. "What are you doing?" The stormtrooper questions. I whip my head around, glaring at them though not saying a word. "S-sorry, Captain, but why do you need those?" "A friend of mine is injured." I say, keeping details to a minimum. "What happened?" The stormtrooper asks softly. Strange. I'd never imagined a stormtrooper to have such compassion. "He was in an accident, and that's all you need to know." I say firmly, bringing the conversation to a swift end. I pack up, ready to leave. "They keep the disinfectant in the cabinet." He tells me after a moment of hesitant silence. I open up one of the cabinets and, sure enough, there are bottles of various disinfectants and pills. Swiftly, I stash away a bottle in BB-09's spare compartment while also taking a pack of nausea meds. I'm at the door when he speaks up again. "I hope he heals well." I'm shocked by a strange feeling of purity coming from this soldier. He's not even a solider - his profile says he works sanitation. I pause, trusting my instincts. "I feel as though there is greatness in your future, so if you favour your life, keep your head down and obey your orders. But... thank you, FN-2187," I'm surprised by my own voice, not expecting to say something like that. I turn my head to look at the young man, taking a risk before getting out of dodge. "May the force be with you." I walk briskly along the corridors, twisting and turning before I find where I had come from. Checking nobody is around me, I quickly duck down in the patch of bracken from before, met by the frozen face of the real Captain Plasmium. I quickly replace her uniform, taking the stolen supplies with me, but not before I tear off the helmet, looking inside to find, as I suspected, a small tablet connected to the helmet visor. "Hey, '09, I need you to get a read on the data from this helmet. Extract anything about Hoth or any upcoming attacks on the Resistance, okay?" I tell my droid, my voice low. I tear the datapad from inside the silvery helmet. BB-09 quickly sets to work. I wait anxiously in the cold, not longer protected by the stormtrooper garb, the light from the bloodied orange sunset setting the clouds on fire, my main source of light fast fading. Seconds turn into minutes. Each minute seems to drag on longer. I can hear my heart pound as I hear footsteps coming from the main entrance. BB-09 gives me a signal telling me that it's done. As we escape into the forest surrounding the First Order outpost, the sun has dipped below the horizon, taking with it the last of the light. A stormtrooper shouts and takes a shot in the dark, but it only manages to brush my side, burning through my shirt and singeing the flesh beneath. An inevitable cry of pain escapes me, but I push on. I run, sharp branches scratching my skin, prodding painfully at the blaster wound, my medical supplies safe in my grip. BB-09 follows, utilising all it's functions to keep up and navigate the troublesome terrain. "Poe! Poe, where are you?" I whisper as loudly as I dare as I stumble into the clearing that hides my X-Wing. He sticks his head up out of the cockpit, BB-8 nestled impossibly in the small space behind the seat. For now, I ignore the burning question of just how they managed to get in there, instead practically vaulting in once retrieving the disinfectant from my droid. I shove Poe over to make space for myself, the fit being uncomfortably tight. Rather carelessly, and without warning, I splash disinfectant on the gash on Poe's forehead. He hisses, face scrunched up in displeasure and the cut begins to bleed again, but he doesn't complain as I hastily dress the wound and force him to put the support sock on his swollen ankle. He doesn't hesitate to take the nausea pills from me, either. I manage to pull out my empty first aid kit and tuck the remaining supplies inside, short on time as I hear the alarms still ringing in the distance, hyperaware of how Poe is drifting off again. The whole time I'm anxiously glancing in the direction of the tower, concerned by the faint sounds First Order activity. I look back, ensuring I have BB-09 in the back of the X-Wing before I shove on another helmet. This one is comfortable though, this one feels like home, and feels so unlike the sterile stormtrooper helmet. Frantically, I prepare the X-Wing for a rushed takeoff, my heart in my mouth as I see lights peeking through the depths of the forest, as I hear voices shouting to one another. Concealed by the darkness, my X-Wing takes off into the frigid night, leaving behind us the numerous stormtroopers scouring the moon for us. It's a small miracle that no enemy ship followed us. "We're almost home." I murmur to Poe as my ship makes the jump into hyperspace. The adrenaline is wearing off now, and I take deep breaths to help myself ignore the burning pain from the blaster, choosing to watch the stars rush by us. As we approach D'Qar, I find myself going over the events that just occurred. I'm not trained in reconnaissance missions - I'm just a regular pilot - but I'd say that that would've been considered a success by even a professional. A proud smile curls across my face at the thought. "This is Ivory Leader, preparing for landing. You might want to get that medical team ready." I say into my mic, not waiting to see if anyone heard. I touchdown as a group of medics rush out of the base, carrying a stretcher and being followed by a small number of curious onlookers. I pull myself out of the aircraft, slowly helping Poe out too. His arm slung around my shoulder as he leans on me for support, we stumble towards help. Poe is taken from me by one of the medics, being replaced by Jessika at my side, a soft smile of disbelief on her face. "We thought you were gone." She says, giving me a quick hug. I wince as she makes contact with the abrasion on my side, but I hug her back anyway. "It did seem that way for a minute, didn't it?" I give her a lopsided smile. She looks me up and down, an eyebrow quirked at my ragged appearance. I point my thumb over my shoulder. "Uh, help me get BB-8 out of the X-Wing?" Together we make quick work of it, but even with the extra help I feel like I'm about to pass out. Maker, when was the last time I'd got some rest? "Hey, Y/N?" Jessika says quietly. "Thanks for getting him back. Poe's a good friend of ours, and our squadron wouldn't be the same without him." "It's no problem, really." I reply honestly, basically dead on my feet at this point. "Thanks for helping me with the droid, by the way. I think I should get going now, though. I need to deliver some information to General Organa, not to mention I need to get this " I gesture to blaster wound. "sorted out." "Blast it, Y/N! Why didn't you go with Poe?" Jessika looks over the wound, her brow furrowed in worry. "He's in worse shape than I am, and I still have a job to do." I tell my fellow pilot. The BB-units take this as the cue to join me as I begin the walk towards to Command Centre. I look like hell, and I get my fair share of shocked looks in passing. "General Organa, could I have a moment?" I call out, leaning against the doorframe. I'm probably interrupting a small meeting. "Captain Y/N? Shouldn't you be in the medical bay?" The General Organa questions my appearance, concern etched on her features. "Probably, but I have information regarding the mission," I tell her, flashing a smile. I nod at my droid. "Go ahead, '09." The grey and white BB-unit rolls forward, connecting to one of the computer systems. A stream of data appears on the holopad, and I catch glimpses of codewords and names of various planets. The high ranked officials no longer look mildly frustrated by my interruption, nor do they look concerned by my appearance. Instead they're looking upon the information stolen from the First Order with awe. "How did you get this?" The General asks, not looking away from the holopad. "I broke into the First Order outpost. I'd killed one of the stormtroopers and taken their uniform, and it turned out that the holopad attached to the inside of the helmet belonged to someone by the name of 'Captain Plasmium'," I give the short version of the story. "Figured since Poe was in no condition to complete the mission, I might as well. I couldn't just let Tift die in vain." "Thank you. This information truly is invaluable," General Organa smiles at me kindly. "Now go and get yourself checked over at the Medbay. I can't have one of the the Resistance's best members immobile for long." I grin at her words. BB-09 lets out a string of beeps, talking with the General in detail about the outpost. I leave the astromech to it's own devices. I reach the top of the stairs that lead to the control room to find BB-8 and Jessika ready to whisk me away for medical attention, quickly leading me through the mostly-sleeping base to where I need to be. I'm out like a light the moment I'm set down on one of the cots. Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Notes: Updates are gonna be slow over the next couple weeks. I'm weighed down with exams lol sorry guys The process of waking up is slow, very slow. Not yet with the energy to open my eyes and vanquish any wandering thoughts, I instead curl in on myself further, the warmth of the sheets comforting, my mind barely noticing the beeps of machines and quiet murmurs in the room. My breathing is slow. The urge to try and fall back asleep is strong. I wriggle, repositioning myself on the hard bed when I am reminded of the blaster wound I suffered. Almost unmoving, I crack open my eyes, glancing down hopelessly in the direction of my torso as I gingerly brush my fingers over the bandages. If I press hard enough, I can almost feel the raw, charred skin dashed across the side of my ribs. The voices quieten and I hear footsteps leading away from my bedside. I take a minute, mentally preparing myself to actually move and face the day. I roll onto my other side to see Poe in the cot besides mine. "Morning." I mumble, eyes still half lidded from sleep, drooping and fluttering shut. "Afternoon, actually," He tells me, a small chuckle following his words. I hum in acknowledgment, a ghost of a smile touching my lips and my eyes shutting again, not quite willing to leave the depths of sleep. "It's good to see you up." "How're you feeling?" I murmur, forcing my eyes open more, my head resting on my arm like a pillow. "I'm fine. I woke up about half an hour ago. Doctors insist on making me stay for today, though," Poe tells me, sitting propped up against some actual pillows. "You didn't tell me you got shot. How are you?" "It's barely a scratch." I notice him shaking his head at me lightly. "General Organa came to see you, wanted to thank you for getting the information and getting us back alive," Poe nods towards to orange jumpsuit on the table besides my bed. "She also dropped off a new uniform, since yours was ruined." I offer him a small smile before sighing and settling back down in the bed. I deserve the sleep. "You ever gonna get up?" Poe grins at me, a brow quirked. "'M comfy." I mumble, voice muffled by my arm. I open my eyes a touch and grin back at him. He laughs. A few minutes pass in comfortable silence. I'm drifting off again, but much to my dismay, a small thought begins to nag at the back of my mind. "Y'know, nobody has to know that it was me doing the saving," I speak up, quickly catching Poe's attention. I'm almost bitter at myself for suggesting this. "We could pretend it was you. I know how much your reputation matters." Poe stares at me, slightly slack-jawed. He regains himself, and moves his attention elsewhere. "Thanks." Is his one word reply. I hum in response, closing my eyes again. My return to sleep is cut short by my stomach rumbling. I huff as I throw off my covers and sit up, swinging my legs off the side of the bed. I barely notice that I'm only in my leggings from yesterday and my sports bra, my torso mostly covered by bandages. I quickly pull on my uniform and shoes as a doctor notices me. "You want anything?" I ask Poe over my shoulder as the doctor grants me permission to leave. "Nah. There probably isn't much left anyway." He says, and a glance at the clock tells me lunch was a couple hours ago. Oh well. Aside from a handle of people conversing in their free time, the Food Hall is empty. One of the many chefs sees me as I approach the counter. "You wouldn't happen to have any left overs, would you?" I ask, smiling sheepishly as I ignore the gnawing hunger. They sigh, but bring out a bowl of some kind of cooked grain with a russet coloured curried sauce on top and a small roll of bread. "I'm afraid that's all that's left." They tell me. "Thank you, but could I get another bowl and spoon?" I ask. They seem curious, but don't ask questions as they give the objects to me. I quickly split the curried grain into equal portions. Flashing the chef a smile, I leave. "Thanks." Much to my relief, I don't bump into anyone I know on the trip. I enter the Medbay to find Poe bickering with one of the nurses, trying to weasel his way into being discharged. "Sorry to interrupt, but I brought food." I speak up. The nurse shoots me a thankful look and hurries off. Poe eyes the bowls, and I hear his stomach grumble. I laugh, handing him one of the dishes and the loaf of bread. "Thanks, but what about you?" He says, trying to give me back the bread. "Your injuries are worse than mine. Keep it." I refuse. "You haven't eaten since we left for the mission. You deserve the bread." Poe argues. "I have food now though! You need it more than me." I retort. The bickering goes back and forth, both of us taking bites of the cooked grain while the other is speaking, until somebody takes the bread from Poe's hand and tears it in two. "I could hear you two from down the hall." Jessika rolls her eyes at us, handing us each a piece of the loaf. I pout as I stare at my piece of bread, deliberating whether or not to just throw it at Poe. Eventually, I swallow my pride along with the food. "Thanks for helping me last night." I tell Jessika, referencing how she helped me with BB-8 and got me to the Medbay. "No problem," She says, shrugging. "How are you two feeling?" "Fine." Poe and I say in unison. Jess raises her brows, stifling her laughter. "Good. The General has a message for you." Right on cue, General Organa walks in. Jess nods at the older woman before taking her leave. "Firstly, thank you both for your deeds yesterday. We will still need your reports on the event, but for now your droids have informed us of your actions," A subtle smirk crosses the woman's face. "Thanks to the risks you took, we now know where the First Order are planning their next attack." Poe and I exchange a look, sitting up a little straighter, our empty bowls set aside. The General looks me in the eye, with what seems to be a hint of pity. "You're familiar with the planet Pamarthe?" General Organa says, directed at Poe. My breath catches, and I quickly avert my gaze from both my higher ups. "Yeah. We've got a few pilots from there, right?" Poe nods, a frown appearing on his face. "The information that Y/N stole from the First Order tells us that that is where they are planning their next attack, set for a weeks' time." General Organa informs us, glancing in my direction. I swallow thickly. "I'll go," I volunteer, standing up. "I know the other Pamarthen pilots will want to go, too." "Thank you, Captain L/N. I was hoping you would volunteer," General Organa smiles at me. "I want you to gather a small group of volunteers to go to Pamarthe tomorrow. We do not know if the First Order will change their plans, so it would be best to be prepared." "Yes, General. We'll leave first thing in the morning, once I've finished my report for the last mission." I tell her. "It would be best for you to also send daily updates on the situation there. Another squadron will join you closer to the attack date," General Organa informs me. The older woman smiles softly at me, putting a sympathetic hand on my shoulder. Sometimes I forget the stories telling of the planet Alderaan. "May the force be with you, Y/N." She leaves. I take a deep breath before I too leave, knowing I have to do my duty, a seed of courage blooming inside me. The following morning, I arrive shortly before the rest of the pilots I'm taking with me to Pamarthe. As BB-09 beeps at me reassuringly, I call the attention of my comrades, standing on a small crate and shouting out to them. There's only six of us, but six is all we need to keep our people safe while staying on the lowdown. "I just quickly want to thank you all for volunteering on such short notice," I call out, beginning my mini-speech. "This is the first time most of us are returning after many years, and I understand that it isn't on the best terms. We may be going back, but don't let your guard down. Know where your teammates are, where your blasters are, where your ships are relative to you at all times, because these are what will help us defend our home planet, and I trust that if anyone can defend our homes, it's you. This being said, I do want you all to enjoy the time we have on Pamarthe. You all deserve it." The small crowd disperses, whooping as they pump themselves up for the mission at hand, clapping each other on the back, saluting back at me. I hop down for the crate, smiling at the actions of my pilots, when somebody catches my eyes. "Shouldn't you be in the Medbay?" I grin, walking over to them, my helmet propped up between my arm and my hip. "They just let me go. Figured I'd see you off." Poe chuckles, smiling down at me. "Thanks. Don't want you pushing yourself too far though," I joke, noticing how the man is avoiding putting weight on his bad ankle. BB-8 beeps and whistles to me, and I squat down to it's level. "And thank you too , buddy. Make sure Poe doesn't get into any more trouble for me, won't you?" The droid whirrs, amused but agreeable. "Hey, if you need any help out there, give me a shout. I've got your back." Poe grabs my arm as I turn to leave, his voice showing how serious he is. "I know you do," I smile softly at him. "And I hope you know it goes both ways." "Yeah. You've proven that," Poe laughs breathily. "Good luck out there. I'll see you soon." "See you around, Dameron." I say, walking away as he lets go of my wrist, stepping out into the early morning light. I beckon for BB-09 to follow me before waving goodbye over my shoulder to the pilot. "So, what was that?" I'm asked by one of my pilots over the comms once we're up in the air. "What was what?" I reply. "That moment with Poe down there." I can practically hear the grin in their voice. I laugh. "Nothing. He was just sending us off." I tell them. "And by ' us ', you mean ' you '?" Another cuts in, giggling. I sigh, shaking my head at the comments of my team fondly. "Just focus on the mission at hand, guys." I say, a smile on my face. The lightness in my voice is enough to tell them I'm not angry, though. "Everyone ready?" I ask into my mic, the pilots responding affirmative. "Good. Preparing for the jump to hyperspace." Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 Notes: I got a bit carried away and stuff i guess lol ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "It's still peaceful here. There's been no sign of First Order activity since we arrived, but with the attack scheduled for tomorrow, I'm worried," I tell the General through the holopad. "The locals seem to have gotten used to us being here, though. I've told you how they were kind of suspicious of us at first, but I think now all of the pilots have reunited with their families, people trust us." "Stay on high alert, Captain. There's no knowing what the First Order may do," The woman tells me. I nod, preparing to shut off the connection. "But, Y/N, have you met with your family?" I'm taken aback by the question and look away as I try to answer. "I-I..." I sigh, guilty. "No. I haven't. I've... tried to avoid them these past couple days." "Take my advice and find them before the battle. You never know when they might be gone." General Organa's words are heavy and hold hidden truths. I tell her I will, and with that end the message. I step out of the Resistance tent pitched on a small hill overlooking the village we're staying in on Pamarthe. An old friend of me notices me finally emerge and makes her way over. "We still in the clear?" Niyele asks, hand on her hips. "It looks like it. The rest of the Resistance is ready at a moments notice, though." I tell her. She sighs, running a hand through her dark, curly hair. We walk down the hill in silence, the weight of the upcoming attack on our minds. It was nice being back after so long. I didn't realise that I actually missed the dark rocks and crashing waves of Pamarthe. I'm not surprised my parents settled down here after moving around so much. "Y/N! I sailed around the island by myself!" I turn as the little girl shouts, hurtling towards me. Keipii almost crashes right into me, catching herself. "All by yourself? You really are brave!" The Pamarthen girl grins, her eyes twinkling as she bounces on the balls of her feet, her mass of wavy black hair windswept. I crouch down to her level and poke her playfully in her belly, making her giggle. "We'll make a fine pilot of you yet." "I did have a little bit of help from my dad..." She admits, rocking back and forth and she tries to hide her embarrassed blush. "Everyone needs help sometimes. That's why we fly in squadrons, after all." I smile at her reassuringly, standing back up. I spot Chertan talking with his parents and wave at him. He spots me and ends the conversation, jogging over. "What are you doing?" Niyele whispers angrily at me, frantically pulling her hair back into a bun on the top of her head. I roll my eyes at her. She sees my smirk and glares. "What?" "Any updates, Captain?" Chertan asks me, not paying attention to my friend. "No, but I want everyone on high alert. I'm happy they're enjoying themselves, but break's over and I want everyone to be able to take off the second we need them," I tell my teammate, who nods in acknowledgment. I cast a sideways look at Niyele before continuing. "Go tell everyone else, and take Niyele with you. She needs to make more friends anyway, and I have something I need to attend to." Chertan shrugs and gestures for Niyele to follow him. She trails behind, glancing back at me, her dark skin tinted red. I smile after them, before turning and walking in the other direction, the seven-year-old at my heels. "Niyele likes him. She's so obvious ," Keipii pouts, seemingly unamused. I snort at the girl's bluntness. "She's not even gonna see him again unless she joins the Resistance like the rest of us." "Oh? And when are you joining?" I raise an eyebrow at the young girl. "The moment I'm able to!" She grins, before looking at her feet shyly. "I wanna be like you..." "I have a feeling you'll be better than I've ever been." I smile fondly at Keipii. "But you've been around the galaxy countless times! You lived on Coruscant before coming here, so you're a top pilot, too, and you're a Captain in the Resistance!" The tanned girl groans, throwing her head back as she talks. "I mean, you're not wrong, but how do you even know that? We only met a week ago." I laugh, mildly confused. She avoids my gaze. "Uhh... where are we going?" Kaipii changes the subject quickly, looking around our surroundings. "Well, I'm going to see my parents. You , young missus, are going home for now." I tell her, leaning over to get to her height. She pouts at this, but her disappointment dissolves as I boop her nose. The Pamarthen girl giggles before agreeing to go home. I watch her run off just to make sure she's okay before continuing on to my parent's house. As I walk, I notice my pilots have changed into their flight suits as I had ordered. Good. I walk slowly, trying to figure out what I'll say to my parents after all this time. My father will understand. He might even defend me. My mother, on the other hand... Maker, I'd rather take on a fleet of TIE Fighters that deal with her lecturing. My stomach drops as I hear a familiar whirring high above me, followed by an explosion in the distance. Oh, God . They're early. I should have kept my damn mouth shut. I sprint to my X-Wing, all prior thoughts thrown aside. I run faster as BB-09 finds me, my fellow pilots all doing the same mad dash as I am. "This is Ivory Leader, do you read me?" I speak over the comms as I take to the air. Damn it. I knew I had a bad feeling about this. "What's happening over there?" Someone back at base quickly responds, concern lacing their voice. "It looks like the First Order likes to be early." I growl, already chasing TIE Fighters. "Sending backup now." They inform me. It's a relieving piece of news, but we're not in the clear yet. "How's everyone holding up?" I ask my ragtag squadron of Pamarthens. Everyone answers with 'okay' and 'fine'. "Keep them off the village. Reinforcements will be here soon." I push aside the unusual nerves, instead focussing on destroying as many TIE Fighters as possible. I capture the attention of as many enemy pilots as possible, luring them into the trap. "Captain, you've got five TIEs on you." One of the pilots tells me nervously. "I know; that's the plan ." I reply shortly. With TIEs following close behind, I nosedive towards the crashing waters of the Pamarthen ocean. I take a deep breath and hold it as the rough waves come ever closer, eyes half lidded as I trust my instincts, blocking out the fearful calls of my teammates. At the last possible moment, I straighten out, the bottom of the wings almost clipping the salty waters below. I loop back up as the TIE Fighters fail to change direction in time, resulting in them plummeting beneath the waves and crashing against the jagged black rocks below. The fifth TIE realises what is happening and narrowly avoids the fate that the others had, but I'm behind them and shooting before they can do anything. "Well, I'll be damned." I can almost hear Chertan shaking his head at the risk I took as those who saw whoop. A proud smile curls across my face. Some flyboy in his TIE starts to follow me, quickly receiving backup from one of the others in the fleet as I draw them into the ever erupting geyser field just outside the village. I weave the X-Wing in between the spouts of water, not wasting time as I gracefully exit the rocky field, leaving the wrecks of the two TIEs to be tossed through the air on the powerful jets of water. "How nice of you to join the party." I grin, spotting our reinforcements speeding across the water. "Better late than never, right?" Poe replies, his black and orange X-Wing soaring past and truly showing off just who he is. I find myself flying close by to the man as we keep an eye out for each other, making quick work of any Fighters that we can't shake off ourselves. Of course, I do plenty of the work myself. "Oh, shit ," I say aloud as two First Order Assault Landers come into sight, protected by a number of TIE Fighters. "The villagers won't be able to protect themselves against all those Stormtroopers. We cannot let them reach the ground." On my command, half of our forces focussing their fire on the TIEs, shooting at the Assault Landers through chinks in the armour when possible. In a wordless agreement, I fire my missiles at the closer Assault Lander the moment the number of escorts thin out. My missiles hit the general area in which the ship's engine is located, whilst Poe's hits the bottom of the front of the ship. The grey First Order transport ship smokes, falling out of the sky and hitting the black rocks below, bursting into angry flames. The other Lander takes advantage of the destruction and our momentary distraction, landing just inside the village. Soldiers clad in white armour rush out and take cover, preparing for attack. A few brave villagers reveal themselves, valiantly fighting against the Troopers. They're trying their damnedest, but it's not a fair fight. "Let's even the odds a little," I murmur, taking down another TIE as I begin to descend. I speak up. "Someone cover me for a moment." "Hey, what are you doin-" I don't hear the end of Poe's sentence as the second my X-Wing has touched down, I leap out, helmet cast aside, blaster in hand as I swerve around the corner and into the thick of the land based fight. There's fire and death on the wind. Loose hair whips around my face as bodies fall all around me. I spare a glance to the sky, watching the black and orange X-Wing twirling through the air, shooting down any TIE that dares come close. Two Stormtroopers crumple to the ground, dead by my hand as I duck behind the cover where the other Pamarthen fighters are. "Get the younglings and elderly out of here. Anyone who is willing to fight can join me." I order them. Two women and one of the men nod, running in the direction of the larger family homes. The other five watch me, readying their weapons. I look over to the other side of the street to see another four villagers waiting my order. A hum alerts to another Assault Lander setting down. How many of these faceless soldiers are left? The wreckage of a TIE Fighter crashes in the street, skidding by the alley I'm hiding in. I take that as our cue, stepping out and opening fire. Hiding behind fallen rubble from the buildings that lined the street, myself and the villagers do our best to hold off the oncoming attackers. I shoot at a couple of Troopers before ducking back down, back against the stone and breathing heavy. Starfighters watch over us from the air. "Heads up!" I yell, spotting a slightly charred Trooper - must have dragged itself from the TIE wreckage - sneaking up behind one of the men. I fire before the Stormtrooper can do any damage. The man look in my direction and nods in thanks. My heart almost stops as I look him in the eyes. "Go! I can hold them off!" I shout over the noise of the battle. A young couple beside me exchange a look, debating whether or not to stay. I make the choice for them, shoving them away from the fight, urging them to run. I watch the remaining three follow soon after them. I volt over my cover, approaching the two Landers. A Stormtrooper grabs me from behind, pinning my arms to my sides as they wrap their arms around my torso. One of his comrades comes over to shoot me, but he comes to close. I kick him back with both my feet as I'm held up by the one behind me. He trips backwards and I slam my foot into the knee of the Trooper holding me. I hear the snap above the noise of the fighting. He cries out and falls, and I'm quick to shoot them both while they're down. I duck into another alley, realising that the Stormtrooper numbers have thinned out considerably. Though, I suppose the same could be said for my side. The orange jumpsuit just makes me stick out like a sore thumb, but I can't ditch it completely. I quickly unzip it, shrugging it off my shoulders and tying the sleeves around my waist, leaving my arms freer to move. I glance down at the corpse closest to me and spot a belt of small bombs adorning the white armour. I snatch one and peer around the corner to check my target. I run out into the middle of the street and as close as I deem safe to the nearest Assault Lander as possible. I activate the bomb and lob it into the open carrier ship, quickly turning to fire at the three troopers just in the entrance of the other ship. I see one of them wearing another of the ammunition belts, and I make sure to hit it. I crouch, covering my face with my arms as the ships explode. Scrap metal and fire rains down around me, roaring. Hesitant, I stand slowly, facing the flaming wrecks. Holy shit . I make the mistake of thinking all the Stormtroopers in this area are gone, as I come face to face with a white-and-black-clad hand when I turn around. I stumble, lip split, and trip over rubble, falling back and slamming against the hard, rocky ground. The Stormtrooper pins my hands above my head with one hand and holds a blaster to my temple with the other, preventing my movement by straddling me. "And here I thought all Stormtroopers were supposed to shoot first, ask question later," I spit my words, glaring daggers at solider. The metallic taste of blood drips into my mouth. "At least buy me dinner first." Someone shoots the Stormtrooper, but only hits one of his arms. Suddenly able to move my limbs again, I slam my head against his helmet, taking him by surprise. I seize the opportunity to shove the Trooper off me, ignoring my throbbing skull. Without my blaster, I improvise, slamming my boot against the soldier's barely exposed neck. The crack is all I need to hear. And then there was silence. Silence. The only sound I hear is the sound of my breathing and the crackling flames. "I told you to go." I say, picking my discarded and scratched blaster. "I didn't go far." A man says to me. I sigh, forcing myself to look at him. I go to speak, but the words catch in my throat and I struggle to get them out. "Thank you, dad." I smile weakly. He mirrors my look as we stand amongst the smouldering rubble off the ruined street, the sudden silence almost deafening. A blaster bolt whizzes by me and I hear a muffle groan behind me. I barely have time to look back and see the First Order soldier fall before I'm practically tackled by someone in an orange pilot suit. "The hell were you thinking?" Poe grips my shoulders, leaning down slightly to look at me at eye level. His brows are furrowed and his stare is intense. His gaze flickers across my face, from my cut lip to my aching forehead. I wince as he brushes the pad of his thumb over a cut I wasn't even aware I had. He speaks more softly. "Are you sure you're okay?" "It's nothing." I tell him, shrugging him off and dismissing my injuries. I begin to walk away when I spot villagers and pilots peering around the corners of buildings. I hesitate, looking back at my father for guidance. "You put on quite a show." It's Poe who speaks instead, explaining their presence. "Everyone else is at the east road out of here." My dad tells me. The adrenaline is wearing off and I'm made aware of the aching and stinging all over my body. I swallow thickly, taking a deep breath, preparing to face the distraught villagers. Notes: poe dameron is Not That Tall but i am so y'all are just gonna have to pretend he's like. taller. Chapter 7 : Chapter 7 In front of me is all that remains. Looking around, it doesn’t seem like we lost too many people, but the crying younglings and shattered fighters all huddled together tell a different story. I arrive, and the figures are whispered in my ear. 3 pilots dead. 11 villagers dead. Many injured. I ignore the ache in my chest for now, hurting for the people I knew but are now gone. I catch a glimpse of my reflection in the glass of over of the X-Wings. My clothes are dirty, the orange of my overalls stained with soot. My tied back hair is messy and loose. My arms are littered with scratches and bruises. Blood is dried on my lip, dribbling down my chin. I’m losing blood from a cut on my forehead, trickling down the side of my face. There’s a small bump forming from where I head-butted the Stormtrooper. I look war-torn. "We don’t have any reason to think that the First Order will continue this attack, but we should still keep this quick.“ Poe murmurs to me, leaning forward. He stands just behind me and too my left, with my father next to him and to my right. "Captain, what should we do?” One of my pilots speaks up, catching the attention of everyone in the area. I look back at Poe, but instead of taking charge he nods for me to answer. "I’m sorry for what has happened to you, but you are not yet safe,“ I begin. Some people weep. A few glare at me, blaming me for the chaos. "You have some options. We can relocate you elsewhere on the planet. We could relocate you to another planet entirely. Or, if you so wish after today’s fight, you could come with us and join the Resistance. It is entirely your choice, however, and whatever you decide to do, even if it’s not what I’ve mentioned, we will do our best to support you.” "There are carrier ships on their way now. We’ll be leaving first thing in the morning,“ Poe adds. "I need all the pilots in the command tent now. Anyone interested in joining the rebellion is welcome to come with.” Poe rests his hand just below my shoulder blades as he guides me away from the crowd, almost as though he’s fearful I’m going to break. Someone cries out my name, and I turn to see Keipii tear through the crowd of people. I fall to my knees and open my arms as she throws herself at me, sobbing. I rub her back as she clings to me and people watch with pity in their eyes. "C'mon, I need to go.“ I murmur, but the youngling shows no signs of letting go. Sighing, I stand up, hoisting her up and carrying her with me despite my tired muscles. I notice most of the pilots and villagers that fought have left, but Poe stands waiting for me, mildly confused by the occurrence. I almost laugh at the sight of the Resistance tents still standing, bitter at the thought that they survived while the village did not. In silence, I walk onwards between Poe and my father, Keipii propped up on hip as she rests her head on my shoulder, her arms wrapped around my neck. "Let’s get that check out.” Poe looks at the cut on my forehead, guiding me to a seat by the table. I sit as Poe pulls up another two chairs, putting on opposite me and one next to me. I set the newly-orphaned girl down on the one next to me, but she continues to grip my hand. People slowly trickle into the tent as Poe attends to my injuries, almost mirroring my actions from a week ago. "Excuse me, but I want to thank the pilot that saved the lives of my husband and daughter.“ Someone says as they enter. I sigh, standing up as Poe finishes bandaging the small cut. "Do you have any way of knowing who you’re looking for?” I ask, leaning on the large table in the center of the tent. I look up, freezing as I recognise the woman that spoke. "They were in the black and orange ship. Who are they?“ They tell me, not breaking eye contact. "Commander Dameron. Best pilot in the Resistance.” I tell her. Poe takes his place besides me and introduces himself. "Thank you. My daughter doesn’t realise that her place is not here, and I don’t know what I’d do if something were to happen to her,“ The woman tells him before turning her attention back to me. "Y/N, please… come back . You should be with your family at home, not risking your life like this . You don’t belong in a war.” "Unfortunately, that’s not your choice to make, mother .“ I glare at her. "You could have died out there! You shouldn’t be fighting like this, it’s not right!” She protests. The people gathered in the tent watch, shocked and made slightly uncomfortable by the family argument. "I’d rather die fighting than sit back as the First Order seizes control of the galaxy through mindless slaughter.“ I snap, quickly losing my patience. "I am your mother, and you should listen to me. If we all just stopped fighting, there wouldn’t be anymore death. You had to be saved out there, so stop being stubborn and just come home . I just want you safe.” My mother pleads with me. I narrow my eyes, shaking my head. "My home hasn’t been with you for a long time,“ I tell her bitterly. "I haven’t called this place ‘home’ since I joined the Resistance.” The silence is tense and uncomfortable as I stare down my mother. She looks shocked, speechless. It’s Poe who speaks up first. "With all due respect, ma'am, your daughter didn’t need saving out there,“ I take a small step back as Poe addresses my mother, and I notice Poe subtly position himself in front of me, even if it’s just a bit, almost protective. "She was handling herself just fine out there. I didn’t save her. In fact, she’s saved me more times than I’ve even had the chance to help her out. She’s proven herself capable of doing recon work under harsh conditions, and she’s possibly the best pilot we’ve got. There’s a good reason General Organa considers her one of the Resistance’s most valuable members.” I stare at Poe, my mouth hanging slightly open in surprise. I regain my composure as Poe straightens up, folding his arms. "If you have nothing useful to tell us, I’m going to have to ask you to leave,“ He tells the woman. Poe exchanges a look with my dad, who then escorts my mother out of the tent. There’s a moment of silence when Poe scans the room, checking to see if everyone’s present before continuing. "Red Squadron, you’ll escort anyone that wants to go stay on Pamarthe to the town two settlements over. Blue and Azure Squadrons, you’re with me. We’ll be taking anyone who wants to leave the planet. The Ivory Squadron will be taking any recruits back to base. You’ll be led by Y/N.” "What about us?“ One of the villagers asks. "You’re all interested in the Resistance, right?” Poe questions. The Pamarthen villagers around the tent nod. “Then you’ll be heading with Y/N back to base. That’s all for now. Get ready to go tomorrow morning. You’re dismissed.” Everyone filters out of the makeshift command room. I roll my eyes as some of my closer friends giggle at me, whispering as they go. Keipii takes my hand, looking curiously at Poe. Once everyone has gone, she pats his arm to get his attention. "Y/N said that you’re the best pilot, but then you said she was. Why?“ She ask him. Poe raises a brow, chuckling. "Well, she could give me a run for my money, doncha think?” He grins at the little girl, crouching down to her height. She nods, returning the smile. "Keipii, where did you cut yourself?“ I frown, noticing the blood on her clothes. She drops her gaze to the floor. "It’s not my blood.” She murmurs. I sigh, picking her back up. "You’re a tough kid. You’ll make your family proud.“ Poe offers, patting her on the back. "C'mon, we still need to find who’s staying on Pamarthe. Is there anyone you think you can stay with?” I ask Keipii as I leave the tent. "What? I’m going with you! You can’t make me stay here!“ Keipii pushes herself away from me furiously, hurt showing in her eyes. "Keipii, a Resistance base is no place for a youngling. You can’t. I’m sorry.” I tell her, taken aback by her outburst. "I told you I want to join! I have nobody left here!“ She shouts at me, tearing up. "Keipii, please,” I say softly, reaching out for her. She shoves me away, running down the hill as her tears begin to spill. Shocked, I don’t chase after her, instead sitting down where I stand to try and process what just happened. BB-09 rolls over to me, beeping angrily about how I left them in the X-Wing. “I didn’t leave you. You could have just followed me, you know,” I say almost monotonously, staring in the direction Keipii ran off in. Concerned by my behaviour, '09 inquires why I’m like this. I sigh. “I’m just… a little overwhelmed.” "She’s just feeling lost right now. She’ll come round,“ A familiar voice says. I look up to see Poe looking down at me. BB-8 whistles in agreement as the man takes a seat next to me on the hill. "She’s just lost her parents. She’s scared and she trusts you. She’ll understand.” "Maybe.“ I mumble, watch the sun begin to set. "Speaking of parents, how come your mom acted like that?” Poe asks me, and I actually laugh. "I’m not actually from Pamarthe, I just lived here for a couple years before joining the Resistance,“ I explain. "My dad’s from Coruscant, where I was born. It can get pretty rowdy there, so he understands my actions. My mother, though… She’s from Naboo. She get’s pretty paranoid, and thus takes that whole 'peaceful’ stereotype to another level.” I turn my head and smile at Poe. “So, thanks for sticking up for me back there. I know it wasn’t pleasant.” "No problem. My parents were both in the Rebellion, and I grew up on Yavin 4, so I guess I forget what it can look like to outsiders.“ Poe tells me. I hum in agreement. I suppose it could look unreasonable to those who haven’t experienced what the First Order does. We sit in a peaceful silence, just watching the sun set over the horizon, the sky slowly fading from blue, to orange, to red, to indigo. "Come on, we’ve got a little girl to find,” Poe stands up, offering me his hand. I accept it, and he pulls me to my feet. He grins cheekily at me. “Besides, you should probably get your X-Wing from the obscure place you left it.” Chapter 8 : Chapter 8 Notes: YA GIRL'S JUST FINISHED HER EXAMS SO Y'KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS AND ALSO IT'S COLD AS ALL HELL ATM (you know what's unnecessary? Waking up to -5 degrees celsius) BUT THE SUNRISES HAVE BEEN P LIT LMAO. anyway this is the most 'meh' chapter so far tbh sorry about that but i just kinda wanted to move stuff along and so we just have to trudge through the boring stuff. sorry. The sun spills over the horizon, casting an orange glow over the villagers waiting to board the carrier ships, a chill in the air as we avoid thinking of yesterday's losses. "Those who wish to stay here on Pamarthe, please join the Red Squadron over there. Those who are leaving the planet report to Commander Dameron. Anyone wishing to join the Resistance will be with me." I order. The villagers shuffle around, sorting themselves into small groups. As the handful of people staying on Pamarthe begin to board the ship, I feel a tug on my uniform. Looking down I see Keipii. "Will I see you again?" The young girl asks, frowning. I crouch down to her height, smiling softly. "Of course. I'm sorry you have to stay here, but it's for the best, and I promise I'll visit often." I tell her. She nods, hesitating before throwing her arms around me. I return the embrace, and watch the Pamarthen girl head towards one of the carrier ships when we separate, her bag of belongings secure on her back. I turn, someone calling my name behind me. "I'm joining the Resistance. Not as a soldier or anything," Niyele tells me, puffing her cheeks out slightly in determination. "But I'm still joining. I'm going to be a medic." "That's great! It'll be nice to see you around base," I say, having taken a moment to recover from the slightly surprising news. She grins at me and I look over her shoulder to see the small crowd. "These my recruits?" "Yeah, but it looks like everyone still here is coming with us." I raise a brow at Poe's words, Niyele scurrying away when she catches sight of him. "What d'you mean?" I ask, looking at the number of villagers gathered. I glance in the direction of the carriers. Those who wish to relocate elsewhere on Pamarthe are few in numbers and all fit on one carrier with no hassle, and I watch as they take to the air, guarded by the Red Squadron. "They all either wanted to be in the Resistance or be near it," Poe explains, eyes on the ships flying away. He pauses. "Your parents wanted to be close to you." My gaze flickers to Poe as I take a moment to think about it. He catches my eye and flashes me a smile before turning his attention back to the crowd. Though it takes a little longer to load all of the villagers onto the remaining carriers, we're soon making the jump to hyperspace, arriving in the Ileenium system. Our fleet of ships in tight formation quickly approach the green planet of D'Qar, easily avoiding the planetary ring that circles it. The base is teeming with personnel as we touch down, all eager to see the result of the mission. Amongst them is General Organa, and I smile and salute at her when she looks in my direction. While the pilots all greet the crowd that has gathered, the survivors from Pamarthe are lead away by some higher ranked officials that had been informed of the situation. With my helmet under my arm and BB-09 by my side, I jog over to General Organa. My teammates notice my actions and follow suit. "It's good to see you all. You did well out there." The General tells us, her hands clasped behind her back. "Just doing our job," I reply, shrugging with a smile on my face. "I'll have the report ready by this evening, General." "That's good to hear, Commander L/N," The General returns my smile, a twinkle in her eye as she sees my mouth fall open in surprise. "And with this promotion, I think you deserve a break. You've been constantly working despite your injuries." "I-I don't need a break, ma'am, really. Pamarthe was pretty much a vacation, right? I'm sure there's somebody else that would deserve the break." I stumble over my words, completely taken aback by the sudden promotion. Not only is it a promotion, but I've just completely skipped an entire rank . It wasn't even that long ago I was promoted to Captain . "It was your squadron's idea, actually. They agreed to split your work amongst them," My teammates in the Ivory squadron laugh, beaming as I stare at them in shock. I guess they wanted a distraction from those we lost yesterday, and thought this was the best way to do it. Once they settle, General Organa continues, looking at something behind me, confusion on her face. "Who's that?" "Who's wh-" I begin, turning around to see what she's looking at. Out of my X-Wing is climbing a youngling. The girl freezes when she realises all eyes are on her, and so she waves sheepishly. Poe starts howling with laughter. "What are you doing here? You were supposed to stay on Pamarthe!" I demand an answer. Keipii averts her eyes, suddenly finding her shoes very interesting. Poe is almost doubled over, finding the whole thing hilarious. I glare at him out of the corner of my eye, paying no mind to the curious murmurs that have broken out. " How did you even manage to smuggle yourself in there?" "I got Niyele to distract you and then hid behind your seat. BB-09 helped me up." The Pamarthen girl admits. I narrow my eyes at the droid who is quick to remove itself from the situation, whistling as it refuses to look at me. "And what were you to do if I crashed?" I question, completely ignoring everyone else at this point. "You're probably the best pilot in the Resistance. You wouldn't ." Keipii argues, crossing her arms proudly. I shake my head, exasperated and frustrated. "A Resistance base is no place for a child. I've told you this!" My voice raises at the end, but the girl doesn't flinch. "So what? My parents are now dead because of the First Order! You're the person I trust the most to protect me!" She shouts at me, now angry and ready to defend herself, her eyes glazing over with unshed tears. I find I don't have the words to respond to this, guilt lacing my conscience. When she sees I'm not replying, and that a hush has fallen over the crowd, she continues to speak, taking rushed steps towards me. "So whether you like it or not, I'm staying ." Keipii clings to me, and I return the gesture as I address the General. "I'm sorry about this, ma'am. She hung around with me a lot this past week, and after what happened to her parents, I guess she thought it was best to stay with me," I explain to the General and our audience. I continue with a heavy heart. "I'll... I'll take her back as soon as possible." General Organa regards me silently for a moment, her expression not giving anything away. "Well, you heard the girl. Whether you like it or not, she's staying." The General cracks a smile, and once again, I'm speechless. Keipii quickly releases me, darting over to my higher-up and taking her hands. "Thank you, thank you, thank you! My name is Keipii, and I promise when I'm old enough, I'll help the Resistance, too! I'll be the best pilot, just like Y/N!" The young girl says excitedly. When she recognises the woman, she gasps, cutting herself off. "Wow, you're the Leia Organa, aren't you? I've heard stories about you." "Yes, I am," General Organa laughs as everyone watches, dumbfounded. "So, you want to be a pilot? Just like Commander L/N?" Keipii nods vigorously. "Yes, and I know she's the best pilot because I saw her do all sorts of impossible-looking stuff when she was fighting, and she's the best commander because she joined the people of my village fighting on the ground," I smile sheepishly as Keipii rambles on, singing my praise. "Plus, Poe said she was the best pilot yesterday, and he's also a commander and a pilot, so he must be right." "I said she could give me a run for my money." Poe corrects, but his chuckle shows he's mostly joking around. "Oh, don't be so cocky, poster boy." I say, elbowing him gently. "Poster boy?" He repeats, amused. I roll my eyes while my friends snicker. "Poe, since Y/N needs to also look after this young lady now, you'll be taking some of her workload while we get this settled," General Organa says, watching us fondly. "Y/N, you'll be taking a short holiday with Keipii in two days time. That's all for now. You're dismissed." The woman nods decisively, taking her leave. Poe speaks up once the General is out of earshot. "Why do I get your work?" "Wow, complaining already? And after you made yourself sound so capable as 'the best pilot in the Resistance'." I tease. "I am capable." He shrugs. I roll my eyes at him again, those who are lingering around snickering at the exchange. We just stand around in silence for a few minutes as everyone leaves us, watching Keipii take in all the sights of the base, a welcome distraction from prior events. "Really though, you deserve this break." Poe speaks up eventually, and I look at him curiously. "Just don't strain yourself while I'm gone." I say, referring to the injuries he received last week. He laughs lightly. "I could say the same for you." He grins at me, reminding me of the scrapes I got yesterday. "Touché." I reply, smiling. We fall back into the silence, but for now it's a comfortable one, the stress of the days gone by at the back of our minds. Chapter 9 : Chapter 9 Notes: is 'good-naturedly' a word. ALSO I HIT FUCKING POST LIMIT ON TUMBLR SO SORRY EVERYONE WHO READS THIS EXCLUSIVELY ON MY TUMBLR GFDI YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO WAIT UNTIL TOMORROW "Hey, have you seen Keipii? She wasn't in her room this morning." I ask people in passing. After a while of wandering the halls of the base and receiving nothing but shakes of heads, somebody points me in the direction of the Food Hall. Of course. I jog lightly towards the room, slightly antsy. General Organa had requested to see me before we left, and we're beginning to run late. I pause in the doorway of the Food Hall, looking around the room in search of the young girl. Small groups of people are still littered around the room, sitting at tables and chatting with other late risers. I spot the Pamarthen girl talking animatedly with a group of pilots. I pause for a moment, watching as she drags Poe, Jess, and a few of my other friends into her dramatic retelling of whatever it is. "There you are! I've been looking for you," I say, approaching the table. Poe turns and shushes me, nodding inconspicuously at Keipii. "And then after they destroyed the bad guy ship, she landed to help out on the ground! I got caught up in, uh, other things, but the other villagers told me about how she fought alongside them, and that she was the support they needed," Keipii finishes her story, standing on the bench with her hands proudly on her hips and still facing away from me. I raise an eyebrow at Poe, who chuckles and whispers something to the little girl. Keipii whips around, her eyes wide when she sees me. "Oh, uh, hi?" "Sounded like quite the story you were telling there." I say, grinning as she timidly rubs her arm, caught in the act. "It-it was about you." She admits, looking away. "I kinda figured," I reply, ruffling her hair. "C'mon, it's time to go. The General wants to see us before we leave." "I left my stuff by your bag. Did you see it?" Keipii asks, jumping down from the bench. "Yeah, it's all packed." I answer, before quickly addressing my friends still at the table. "Thanks for looking out for her." "It's no problem. She's fun to look after." Jess tells me, waving it off. "Well, I guess I should see my favourite pilot off." Poe says, getting up from his seat. I quirk a brow. " You're your favourite pilot." I say, my arms crossed as I look at him in slight disbelief. He shrugs. "I don't know, Keipii seems to have taken that place." Poe grins at me slightly lopsidedly before catching up with the aforementioned girl. I roll my eyes as I follow them to the hangar. "Commander Y/L/N, I take it you're ready to go?" General Organa calls to me once we reach the hangar. Poe looks at me over his shoulder before guiding Keipii to my X-Wing, giving me a moment to talk with the General. "Yes," I reply. "And I promise we'll only be gone a week, maximum." To this, the General raises her brows. "You'll be gone a week, minimum . You may not be her biological mother, but you're Keipii's guardian now. You need time to bond," General Organa tells me, stern. It's a reminder of her past. "Besides, there's an event I want you and Keipii to attend while you are away. I feel as though you follow the Resistance with almost blind faith, and while I know that you know why you are here, Keipii has not been exposed to the stories of the Rebellion the way you have. This festival of sorts will be of benefit to you both." "That's why you were so insistent on us going to Yavin 4?" I question. Beforehand, General Organa had been rather vague as to why she wanted us to go to this moon in particular. "That, and I had a feeling ," The General smiles at me, subtly reminding me of just who she is descended from, of just how force-sensitive she really is. The woman nods in the direction of my X-Wing. "You'll be staying with an old friend of the Rebellion while you're there. Now, go. Those two are waiting for you." I thank her for her time, turning and making my way over to my ship. I walk slowly, a fond smile slipping onto my face as I watch Poe help Keipii up into the X-Wing. Even when she almost kicks him in the face, he laughs good-naturedly. Once she's in, she pokes her head over the side and sticks her tongue out, giggling at him. "You ready to go?" I ask the young girl. "Yep. See you soon, Poe!" Keipii grins down at Poe and waves before ducking back down in the ship. "See you soon, kiddo," Poe smiles in her direction before turning to me with a mischievous look on his face. "You need a leg up too?" "Oh, har har ." I roll my eyes once again, softly punching Poe's arm. "Just joking." He laughs. I shove him lightly before hoisting myself up into the cockpit of the X-Wing. "I know. See you in a week, poster boy ." I drawl, my elbow propped up on the edge of the ship, resting my head in my palm. "Is that a thing now?" Poe jokes about the new nickname, but I just simply smile in response. "I'll take that as a yes, then. See you soon, Y/N." From the back, BB-09 loudly whirrs and beeps for us to hurry up . With our bags stashed behind the seat and Keipii beside me in the confined space, I wave goodbye before taking to the skies. During the Galactic Civil War, Yavin 4 was home to the Rebel Alliance headquarters. These headquarters were based in the Great Temple of Massassi, built by a race called the Massassi, a species that had been extinct for a long time before the war. After the Battle of Yavin, however, the headquarters were moved to Hoth. Once the war had finished, however, a small colony was formed on Yavin 4, many of the settlers being former Rebel Alliance members or Alderaanian survivors. This is the brief history lesson I give Keipii on the way to our destination. I follow the coordinates given to me, leading us to a small town located in one of the many forests that cover the planet. When I set the X-Wing down in the allocated landing space, a few curious locals venture out to see what's happening. I suppose a relatively small community like this wouldn't get much traffic. "Who are you?" A kid asks, his dark eyes narrowed in suspicion. "I'm Y/N Y/L/N. I'm a pilot in the Resistance." I introduce myself. At this, the boy perks up considerably, apparently trusting my occupation. "And what brings a young X-Wing pilot such as yourself to a settlement like ours?" A middle aged woman inquires, approaching us. "I was sent here by General Organa. I'm looking for a man named Kes? She didn't tell me his surname, though..." I trail off as the woman's eyes widen at either my explaination, the sudden appearance of Keipii, or both. "Oh! I know who you're talking about. This must be a grandchild he didn't know about, which would make you his daughter-in-law, no? Funny, I would have expected you to share his surname, or at least for his son to tell us about something like this." The woman smiles brightly at Keipii and I as she ponders my choice of name and my relationship with whoever Kes’s son is. "What? No, no, I don't - we don't even know who Kes is ," I stumble over my words slightly, thoroughly confused. "The General just sent us here for some time off, saying we'd be staying with 'an old friend of the Rebellion'. Sorry if I caused any confusion. Keipii's parent's aren't exactly even- uh," I quickly cut myself off from talking about the sore topic. "And, um, I-I'm not dating or married to anyone." The woman regards my rambling with amusement, trying to conceal her laughter. I quieten down, kind of embarrassed. BB-09, now stopped at my feet, laughs at me through various beeps. "Please, I'm sorry for making such assumptions. We have quite a tight-knit community here, so I jumped to conclusions. Besides, the girl has a, ah, similar appearance to Kes's son." The older woman apologises, smiling softly at me. "No, it's fine, really. I, uh, I'm sure it was probably a reasonable assumption to make. I mean, I have no idea who Kes or his son is, but I'm sure... you're right?" I laugh awkwardly, not sure what direction I wanted my sentence to go. "Seeing as you came here in an X-Wing, you probably do know him, but I'll save you the embarrassment," The woman says, a twinkle in her eye as I smile sheepishly, Keipii laughing alongside '09 as they watch the situation unfold. "My name's Tia. Come, I'll take you to Kes's place." We walk in silence for a few minutes as I take in the scenery. Yavin 4 is the fourth moon of the giant gas planet Yavin, and I can see why it's so often called the Jungle Moon. "For an ace pilot and a commander, that wasn't very smooth." Keipii teases me, my droid beeping in agreement. "Thanks for the moral support." I say sarcastically. The girl's giggles don't cease. "You're a commander and a pilot?" Tia asks, glancing back at me. "Yes, I'm sure you know Kes's son." "I can't know unless you give me a name." I grumble under my breath, the names of my coworkers flashing through my mind. I internally hit myself for not remembering where any of them comes from. "That would ruin all the fun, though." Tia grins back at me, stopping at a house at the edge of the settlement at knocking on the door. A man with tanned skin and dark hair opens the door, smiling when he sees my temporary escort. "Tia, what bring you here?" He asks, catching sight of me, Keipii, and BB-09 standing behind the woman. "Oh. I assume you're the people that Leia told me about. Please, come in." I thank Tia as I walk past, entering the small home. I feel almost like I'm intruding. My host and Tia chat for a moment before she leaves and the man, Kes, I'm assuming, turns to me. "You must be Y/N Y/L/N. I'm Kes," He holds out his hand to shake, smiling warmly - almost familiarly - at me. I return the smile, firmly shaking his hand as I introduce myself and my companions. Kes continues. "I'd tell you my full name, but the Princess - your General - told me not to." Huh. I wonder why. Chapter 10 : Chapter 10 The rest of the day is simply spent settling in by Keipii and I. BB-09 quickly makes itself comfortable at a charging station. When Kes mentions a spare room, I'm quick to force Keipii to take it while I take the couch. She protests at first, but as soon as she sees the decor of the old children's room, she agrees. Looks like whoever the room used to belong to really loved the idea of piloting. "My wife and I fought in the Rebellion. She was a pilot, and our son must have just inherited that." Kes tells me when I bring up the room. I guess that also explains how he knew General Organa. Leia to him, I suppose. Maybe I could do some digging on that, figure out what the 'feeling' the General had means. The second day, I begin my self-set assignment. "You mentioned you fought in the Rebellion. That's how you know General Organa, right?" I ask nonchalantly as we leave the small house, taking a quick walk around the Yavin 4 forest. "My wife worked closely with her on a mission to Naboo. She almost died that day," Kes sounds bittersweet about it all. "She also went with Luke Skywalker on her final mission; got given a tree as thanks." Something about the man's expression tells me that tree is something a bit more special than that. "She went on missions with the General and Luke Skywalker?" I exclaim, prior goals out of mind. "Woah, I could only imagine what that would be like." "Well, she came close to death both times." Kes chuckles. "Comes with the job though, doesn't it?" I say. Kes nods, a vague smile on his face. Keipii takes this chance to steal the conversation away. The third day I have slightly better luck. "So, what's it like being a Commander under Princess Leia? I was a Sergeant, and my wife was Lieutenant Shara Bey. We didn't rank as high as you." Kes asks me one morning, watching me over the rim of the mug he's drinking from. Shara Bey, huh? I'll have to look her up later. "Oh, I mean, being a Commander isn't too different from being a regular solider, I guess. People listen to you, though," I laugh. "General Organa is a good boss. She's been in this game for a long time, and she knows just how to play it. It certainly helps minimise casualties, and I have no doubt she'd go out to fight alongside us if she was still as young as she used to be. She also understands our personal struggles, which is a plus. I'm grateful for someone like her." "I'd have to agree with you," Kes takes another sip of his drink. "What's the base like nowadays?" "I'm not sure what it was like when you were still serving, but it's probably similar. Y'know, a never-emptied control room, an always occupied Medbay, countless droids roaming the halls. Soldiers congratulating one another on a victory or consoling someone about a loss. The never ending bragging from the pilots," I grin as the last sentence passes my lips. "It's usually Poe that wins these bragging matches, but I'd say I rival his achievements." "Arguing over who’s the better pilot is, like, a thing around base," Keipii speaks up as she enters the kitchen, rubbing early morning sleep from her eyes. "I've only been there two days and I've heard a bazillion people talking about it." "And what do you have to say?" Kes asks the girl, an amused smile on his face and a mischievous look in his eyes. It's a strangely familiar expression. "Y/N, duh ," I grin proudly at Keipii's declaration. "But Poe is pretty awesome too. He's really fun to play with." "Poe's a Commander. He's also considered the best pilot in the Resistance, but, I mean, that's up in the air." I explain, but a feeling in the pit of my stomach is telling me that I don't need to explain this. But he's an attractive, talented, arrogant pilot nonetheless , I think, taking a sip from the mug in my hand. Huh, I've never put it that way before. Keipii laughs, distracting me from my thoughts. "What?" I ask as the girl snorts at me. "I've never heard you call him attractive before." Keipii giggles. I take a breath. Did I say that aloud? "Well, it's not like he isn't ," I save myself, downing the small remainder of my drink, ignoring the eyes of Kes and Keipii. "It's kind of unfair, to be honest." That night, I'm quick to tap into the Resistance database through my datapad once my temporary housemates have gone to bed. Shara Bey . Fortunately enough, there's a file on her. I skim read over it, paying minimum attention to her mission history. Aha , family details. I go to expand this area of information. Kes's name flickers on the datapad, and I barely get the chance to catch a glimpse before a message appears, telling me that access has been (temporarily) denied. Still, I could have sworn I saw that Kes's surname is... Never mind. If this is how General Organa wants to play it, then I might as well play along. Or at least, that's what I tell myself as I banish my suspicions to the back of my mind. I spend the fourth day in town, Kes having offered to take Keipii and BB-09 off my hands for the day. It's a quaint little village with a small market place at it's centre. It's here I run into Tia again. "It's nice to see you again. How long did you say you were staying for?" Tia asks, taking a place beside me as we walk through the busy town centre. "I'm not sure. The General wanted me to stay at least until after a festival, I think she said it was?" I reply. "Oh, yes. In three days we're celebrating the end of the first Galactic Civil War," Tia explains. That clears some things up at least. "It's quite enjoyable, really. People take turns telling stories of their adventures over the years, and the younger children are told about the Rebel Alliance and, since it's formation, the Resistance. In the evening, we hold a small party. You should attend; I'm sure your daughter would enjoy it." "Thanks. General Organa didn't really explain what it was about," I tell the woman, before addressing the topic of my 'daughter'. Again. "Uh, Keipii isn't my daughter though. I'm just her, uh, carer?" "Right, sorry. I forgot for a moment," Tia looks at me from the corner of her eye. "It's an easy mistake to make, though. It's a small settlement, and there have been rumours." "What kind of rumours?" I ask, frowning. Despite my question, I can feel the answer in my heart. "Well, people assumed she was your daughter right from the get go. When everyone found out you were staying with Kes, well, it was only natural we assumed Keipii was his granddaughter," Tia keeps her head facing forward, though she continues to watch me. I'm quiet, thoughts racing, but any obvious reasoning pushed far away. "I take it he still hasn't told you who his son is?" The look on my face must be all she needs, because the older woman sighs. "Well then. It's not my place to ruin this little game the Princess and Kes have going, but..." Tia trails off, readjusting her grip on the woven basket she carries. She inhales before audibly exhaling. "Tell me about your friends back home." "Oh, uh, well, we have the pilots in my squadron. Hyadum, Jenn, Chertan. They, and myself, are all that remain of the Ivory Squadron. The other two, Biham and Graves, died a few days ago," My tones is bitter, thinking of the friends I lost on Pamarthe. "But at least they got to go out together, y'know? Biham and Graves loved each other, they relied on each other, and not everyone has the chance to die at the same time as their loved ones. I mostly feel bad because I'd been distant from them for a bit before they died," I swallow thickly, moving on. "Hyadum and Jenn have kind of been dancing around their feelings for each other for a while. The loss of our friends has brought them together, though, which is a silver lining, I suppose." "Recently an old friend of mine, Niyele, joined the Resistance as a medic. She's sweet and bashful, but I suppose she also has quite a rebellious, unpredictable side, too. She's got a pretty obvious thing for Chertan," I chuckle, thinking of how she's doing back at the base. "There's also the other pilots. The Azure squadron joined us at the main base recently, which was a nice surprise, since I went through training with them. I'm pretty close with Jessika. She's in the Red Squadron and a pretty good pilot, too. Snap's okay, but I'm not overly close with him. Actually, come to think of it, I'm good with most of the pilots, I'm just not particularly close with anyone in the squadrons that Poe is in charge of." "Oh, right, I almost forgot about him," I laugh sheepishly. "Poe's a Commander for the Resistance, and he's also a damn good pilot. I know Keipii brags about my skills, and I certainly won't deny everything she says, but honestly? Poe probably is the better of the two of us, which is completely unfair, considering he's also popular and charismatic, he's smart, and he's disgustingly good-looking." I pout, kicking a small rock to emphasise my rant, though I'm still careful not to kick it at anyone. I glance at Tia, who's watching me with raised brows and an expression of disbelief. "You certainly sound a bit envious, but it also sounds like you admire him," Tia remarks. I narrow my eyes at her, unsure as to how to take that comment. "Oh, don't look at me like that," My gaze lingers for a second longer before I drag my suspicions away. A moment of silence passes. "Anyway, back to the topic at hand. I know you know of Kes's son is, and I know in my heart that you know who it is." I swallow thickly. I know she's right, but like hell am I going to admit that. "So, why are you envious of this Poe fellow?" Tia questions. I could almost swear she sounds teasing. "I just told you, didn't I?" I reply dryly. She laughs. "I suppose. But still, we don't have much in terms of gossip here," The older woman's eyes twinkle. She suddenly stops walking. I realise we've stopped just up the road from Kes's house. I hadn’t even noticed we were going in this direction. "Ah, here we are! Well, it was nice talking to you. I'll see you at the festival, I assume? I do hope you tell the children some of your own stories." "Oh, uh, yes, of course. I wouldn't miss it," I smile at Tia. "And thank you. I enjoyed our talk." "As did I. I hope you take my words on board. See you soon," Tia grins at me, winking before briskly walking away. "Though I have reason to believe you'll see Kes's son sooner. My credits are on tomorrow ." Truth be told, the conversation leaves me with a feeling just as stubborn as I am. It refuses to leave, just the way as I refuse to admit who Kes's son is. Chapter 11 : Chapter 11 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Wake up, we have a guest coming over soon." Someone pokes my cheek, trying to get me to get up. I groan and roll over, nestling myself as far into the back of the sofa as possible. Keipii, however, is relentless. "Fine. Give me a minute." I mumble, my eyes still squeezed shut as I pull my blanket up over my head. I hear her walk away, and slowly will myself to leave my cocoon of blankets and pillows. I nip into the 'fresher, changing out of my sleepwear and into something more appropriate for walking around town. Kes's attention flickers to me as I join him and Keipii for breakfast in the kitchen. "My son will staying with us for the next couple of days." The man says, taking another sip from his mug of caf. I falter momentarily, remembering what Tia had said to me yesterday. "Oh, uh, that's nice. I look forward to meeting him." I say, forcing a smile as I drag my hand through my hair. Once again, I find myself pushing any potentially embarrassing deductions to the back of my mind. We sit eating in silence when a knock on the door interrupts us. "I'll get it!" Keipii chirps, running over to open the door. "Keipii, don't open the door to strangers." I call to her, but she's already gone. I sigh, getting up from the table and following the girl. "Kei! What are you doing here?" The guest greets. I stop. I evaluate the situation. I regret many of the things I have said. "Poe!" Keipii hugs the kneeling pilot as I wallow in self-pity, my mind flashing back to everything I have mentioned about the man these past couple days. I had a feeling Poe was Kes's son, but I clearly didn't want to acknowledge that feeling. I bottle up the scream of frustrated embarrassment that's building. It just had to be Poe, didn't it? "Poe," I speak up, kind of wanting the ground to open up beneath me right now. "Fancy seeing you here." "Y/N, so this is where the General sent you," Poe replies, doing a double take when he sees me. "Huh, I don't think I've ever seen you with your hair down. It looks good." "Oh, uh, thanks," I shrug, toying with a lock of hair now that he's mentioned it. "I mean, I only just really woke up, and I'm on vacation, so there wasn't really a need for me to tie it up." "You should wear it down more often." He tells me, flashing a charming smile. Before any more words can be exchanged, however, Kes joins us. "It's been a while." The man says, embracing his son. Now that I've accepted it, I can see some resemblances. Same dark eyes. Same tan skin. Same dark hair, though Kes's is littered with silver strands. I bite the inside of my cheek as my gaze darts to Keipii. Tia had said that she shares some similarities with... I shake my head, ignoring the thought. "Oh, I said I'd visit Tia today," I speak up, the lie passing easily over my tongue. "It'd also give you two some time to catch up." I just want to complain to the woman, really. She seems like she'd laugh at the situation, but not in a particularly cruel way. "Aw, I wanted to play with Poe." Keipii pouts, crossing her arms indignantly. Poe laughs, ruffling the girl's hair. "Why don't we visit the town while your mo- while Y/N visits her friend, hey?" Poe suggests. Keipii seems happy with this suggestion, happy enough to not notice Poe's stumble. I smile thankfully at him, choosing to ignore how he almost called me Keipii's mother. It's something that's been happening a lot recently, isn't it? I bid the Damerons a thank you and say a quick goodbye. I walk away normally from the house, but the moment it's out of sight I break into a sprint towards the market place, slowing down only when I literally run into the woman I'm looking for. "Goodness, what's got you in such a rush?" Tia questions, frowning at me in concern. I gesture back towards to Dameron household, making a series of undecipherable sounds as I struggle to swallow my pride and tell her quite what's happened. It barely takes a moment for the older woman to realise what's happened as she bursts into hearty laughter. I rub my face with my palm, exasperated. "Right, come on. Let's talk this through somewhere more private." Her house, it turns out, isn't far, and the motherly figure has quickly ushered me in and fixed me a drink, making me take a seat at the kitchen table. "I take it you've met Kes's son?" Tia eyes me over the rim of her glass. "I described Kes's son to Kes as being an 'attractive, talented, arrogant pilot'." I state, almost numb to the embarrassment at this point. Tia snorts at my misfortune, and I groan loudly, hitting my head against the table. "I assume you don't want me to mention your little rant about Poe to him?" Tia says, a twinkle in her eyes. She's clearly enjoying this too much. I shoot her a warning look. "Alright, alright. I won't say a word." "I think I could scream for a solid ten minutes and it still wouldn't be enough to get rid of this feeling." I grumble, leaning far back in my chair. "On the bright side, Kes approves of you, should anything ever happen," I narrow my eyes at Tia's words, not liking what she's implying. "He's probably overjoyed, actually. After all, he was the one that convinced his wife to settle down with him here and leave the days of fighting for the Rebellion behind." This little tidbit of information has peaked my curiosity, but I remind silent, mulling this whole thing over as I sip my drink. "Anything else on your mind?" Tia inquires after a minute. "Does it really look like I'm Keipii's mother?" The words are out of my mouth before I can stop them, and I'm honestly surprised by myself. I falter, trying to continue. "Because- because a number of people now have made that mistake." The small smile Tia gives me looks almost as though she pities me. She takes a moment to respond. "Dear, I think you know the answer to that." Is all the woman has to say. I hesitate, deciding whether or not to tell her about Keipii's real parents. Well, I suppose while I'm here, Tia's guidance is the closest to General Organa's as I'm gonna get. "Her real parent's died just a week ago. She sort of followed me back. It's more like she adopted me than the other way around, really," I laugh dryly. "General Organa said that I'm her guardian now, but I have no idea what I'm doing." "I'm old enough to have seen my children grow up and leave, so trust in what I am going to say," Tia smiles softly at me. "I've seen how that little girl looks at you. She admires you greatly, and you both get along superbly. Every parent at some point has felt what you feel now, but I can almost guarantee that Keipii thinks the world of you, and I must say, I would have thought you knew better than I did when I was in your position." Tia rests her hand on mine reassuringly, like a mother would an older child. I find myself momentarily speechless. "Thank you." I tell her honestly, this conversation about everything going on lifting a weight off my shoulders, even if the woman did pretty much nothing to console me about the whole Poe-is-Kes's-son thing. A smile slips onto the older woman's face, a twinkle in her eyes. "Besides, I'm sure Poe would be happy to help you in taking care of her." Tia takes a sip from her mug, stifling a laugh as I groan. "Thanks for hearing me out." I tell the woman, standing to leave, my drink finished. "Anytime," Tia smiles at me, joining me. "I'll walk you back to town." We walk in a comfortable silence, all words having already been said. The market today is busier than I've seen it so far during my stay, which reminds me of the upcoming festival. Already banners and bunting are being hung up, the residents of the town seeming even more cheerful than usual. Arriving at the market place, I take in the sight of many busy stalls, the members of this close knit community happily chatting to one another as they browse the variety of wares. It's curious how easily I pick out Keipii's excited squeal from amongst the many other voices. I catch sight of her not far away in the bustling street, perched atop Poe's shoulders as they laugh at something together. Poe is preoccupied making smalltalk with one of the stall owners, but Keipii spots me in the crowd and waves vigorously before tapping the top of Poe's head, getting his attention. At some point, a fond smile has slipped onto my face at their interactions. I push down the new, unfamiliar feeling I've gotten, quickly bidding goodbye to Tia, who regards me with a seemingly-knowing smile, before I head over to where my, uh... my friends are. Of course I didn't almost refer to them as my family. I mean, it's just a little girl and my comrade, right? Right. Notes: and so /it/ begins Notes: wow looking back at this a couple days later after rewatching TFA has made me realise that i referred to everybody's callsigns w a y too much