Chapter One Resolution Chapter One Summary: Rey, annoyingly reserved, is seeking to turn over a new leaf as she enters the the new year. What better way than to come up with a resolution she could apply to all aspects of life. Even something as exciting as a one-night stand with a dark haired stranger she just met. She very well may end up regretting her risky choice altogether, even though at the time it was so deliciously thrilling. Warnings: No one under the age of 18-- NSFW content ahead. Explicit sexual content and adult language. ::takes a deep breath:: ... ... Oh my god. Oh god. What am I doing? … … Rey slowly looked up at the ceiling and inhaled sharply as the man before her gripped her hand tightly within his. Her response was to reach for him, caressing the soft, warm flesh covering the muscled arm of the stranger currently cupping her backside and guiding her down the darkened hallway and into a secluded section of the house. “Where are you taking me?” She asked, biting her lower lip as he cupped her face and took her full lips within his, breathing her in. “Somewhere without people.” He said, nipping her lower lip, “That is if you want to fuck to the sound of snoring drunks? They may not wake, especially with the amount of liquor most of them have consumed tonight.” He joked. Rey pursed her lips in response. It had been a long night of partying and drinking at her friend’s house parent’s house, both of which were currently out of town at their own randevou or sorts. The house was now quiet and dark as a majority of them had either obtained a ride home, passed out in random places, or left before any of them called it a night; more or less to attend another party. Even so, she had been talking with her dark haired mystery man all evening. He had been pretty nice, chatting with her, eyeing her from across the room. He toyed and teased her relentlessly, and she gave it back. Though the entire night she didn’t think she would be in this current position. Nope, she had not given much thought to their flirtations at at the time and where it would lead them as the night progressed. The party was loud and rather fun; not a dull moment she could recall. She was still new to the this particular group of friends, having moved the, now previous year, and attending a new school her senior year-- yes her final year of high school. Jaina took her under her wing, and for that she was grateful. Out of all four years she had been attending high school, the past semester had been the most eventful and memorable. As the night went on, drinking games sprouted up, and she was sucked into a very cut throat game of beer pong. Jaina’s crush, Hux, had been owning the game, already having won three rounds.That was until she join the game with her dark haired accomplice, two rounds of shots later (thank you Poe). It was then she began dominating and, of course, pissed Hux off. He was forced to renounce his beer pong crown, which he then finished the rest of his evening complaining and had to be consoled by Jaina. He was a whiner when he drank, or so that is what she had witnessed. What Jaina saw in him, Rey wasn’t quite sure. All she knew was that her friend was happy with him and he treated her well enough. So, the duo hid away for a time. Jaina fixed his mood. Nothing that a make-out session couldn’t fix. To summarize the evening, it was all in all a good night-- the first party of the New Year and Rey was quite excited that she had made new friends along the way. Including the man she had met just hours before and was currently attempting a late night interlude with in the darkened hallway of her friend's parent’s house. She had completely changed from the girl she used to be before she moved to this large town near the city. A year ago, if someone told her she would have a one night stand with a complete stranger, she would have laughed. Rey wasn’t a risk taker, her life was pretty boring before she moved here. It was dull, something that saddened her looking back. Though, she was making up for it, and even more so this evening. Rey came from a small town originally, moving from a rural area to a larger town located just under an hour from the city. It was a change of pace, especially since nothing ever happened in the small town she had come from; you know, everyone knew everyone and their business. Rey had been nervous, fearful that she wouldn’t meet anyone her own age who liked the same things, or even wished to communicate with her. Kids were cruel and she knew all too well the frustrations of making friends with a parent in the military. She had been used to being plucked up and moved all over the globe at the drop of a hat, so her guard had been heavily secured, fearing for disappointment. Though, among many things she was attempting to do this year, making new friends and attempting spontaneity was on her list of New Year’s Resolutions. .. Well, spontaneity could apply to plenty of different things...right? Including a random hook-up. .. Rey released a soft sigh as her back was pressed tightly to the coolness of the wall. Her hands lifted momentarily, opening and closing as if unsure how to proceed. Her mystery man wasn’t afraid to take control of the situation. She wished to show him the same amount of passion he was returning to her. Though, here she was. Moments ago encountering a heavy make-out session followed by heavy petting, that lead them to their current place. She was turned on, and very ready to proceed, though she could help the overwhelming sense of anxiety caused by the butterflies in her stomach. Yes, she was terribly nervous. It had been far too long. The last guy she had been with had been her boyfriend of 7 months; someone she was comfortable with and not a complete stranger. “You’re tense,” Her mystery man whispered against the soft skin of her neck, sending tingles down the length of her spine. Rey took in a heavy breath through her nostrils and let out a nervous giggle, “Well, no...I mean-- yeah,” She shook her head feeling like a babbling idiot, “I’m sorry.” “Why are you sorry?” He whispered against the swells of her trembling lips. Rey licked her lower lip, leaning in only to softly brush her lips with his. She quickly dismissed her fear and instead extended her palms, placing them upon his heavy shoulders, hoping to encourage him to proceed. He looked down at her through the dark curled mop of hair covering his forehead and met her honey brown eyes. Did he see the uncertainty? She hoped she wasn’t turning him off. “I don’t know,” She whispered unintelligibly. Her dark haired partner chuckled softly, flashing a grin before sliding his palm up her tense stomach and cupping her breasts, “Are you sure you are ok with this?” “Obviously,” Rey bit her lower lip, “I just haven’t-- um-- done this before?” “You’re a virgin?” He paused. “No, gosh, sorry-- I mean,” Rey sputtered. “Participated in a hook up?” He asked, raising a brow as if he didn’t believe her. “Yes,” She nodded, “I mean, I have hooked up before, but I was in a relationship.” She nodded like a bobble head, placing a hand across her forehead, feeling like a fool for admitting something, that she felt, was personal to someone she hardly knew. He didn’t need to know the details of her past relationships or hookups. He most likely didn’t care. Why couldn’t she just relax and go with the flow. “Just relax,” He whispered again, “Follow my lead. Just-- if you don’t want to continue, or go any further, let me know.” He met eyes with her, making sure she followed him and they were both on the same page going into their little interlude. Rey nodded, feeling a blush form. Licking his own lips, he continued, avoiding the uncomfortable silence and instead cupped her breast in his warm palm. His fingers closed deliciously around the soft swell of her breast and carefully stroked his thumb over her nipple, “No bra, I like it.” Rey fought the deepening blush form across her cheeks just as a twinge of pleasure crept between her thighs.Her lips dropped open, but no words escaped. She leaned into his caresses, closing her eyes as she welcomed the waves of delectable pleasure rolling like waves over her. Taking a slow deep breath through her nostrils, Rey signed in response to his thoughtfulness. He finally leaned in, brushing noses with her and placed a soft kiss against her warm cheek, creeping closer to the corner of her lips. Rey opened her mouth in response, allowing him to capture hers in a searing kiss. His grip grew tighter, more demanding as his tongue deep between the swells of her mouth to caress and toy with her own in a delicious battle. Groaning into her mouth, her dark haired lover gripped her wrists tightly into one of his large palms and hoisted them high in the air, pinning them to the wall. Rey gasped, as her breasts jutted outward. His grip wasn’t harmful, nor unpleasant-- it was surprising and quite welcomed. Relaxing in his grasp, she leaned forward taking his lips in her own for the first time without his guidance. Her cheeks were burning and the heat in her belly was becoming unbearable. Kissing and soft touches were just not cutting it for her. She needed something else, she needed his fingers on the most heated and intimate parts of her body-- she wanted to feel him within her, moving and coaxing her to completion. “Touch me,” She whispered breathlessly, glancing down at her peaking nipples jutting through the tight material of her tank. The dark haired man hovering near the side of her neck chuckled in her ear, “You want me to touch you? No patience?” He asked playfully, nipping her earlobe as he traced the tip of his nose down the hollow of her throat and stopped at each small swell of her breasts. His mouth grew hot over each peak. She wiggled in his grasp, mewling as she felt his mouth apply soft kisses to the material covered flesh. Before long his lips opened, sucking and teasing the hardened flesh through the thin material-- stirring a deep desire within Rey. Panting, Rey rubbed her wrists together in his tight grasp, attempting to gain freedom to do as she pleased. “You smell good,”he breathed heavily against her right breast, yanking the pajama tank aside to welcome the taste of her bare flesh against his tongue. He groan audible again, gripping her backside and pulling her forward, rubbing his hardened length against her long, lean thigh. “I want to touch you,” She said almost in a pleading whisper. His glanced up through the soft wisps of chocolate locks and grew serious, “You will, but you need to be patient,” he nodded, stroking a lazy finger down the swell of her breast and across the soft curve of her hip bone. Rey grunted, feeling the rolling flame of desire swirl uncomfortably in her belly. Even more so was it ignited when she felt his calloused hand brush the plain of her flat belly, fluttering over her pajama waistband only to roughly yank them down and past her knees. Rey’s eyes closed as his hand returned, slipping into her laced panties, dipping lower only to slip between her nether lips. His middle finger glided over the soft, swollen flesh, stroking the bud. Her lips dropped open and her knees nearly gave. His muscled arm gripped her around her small waist, hoisting her up against the wall. Her head dropped back, panting as he continued his treacherous toying and pleasing. “Oh my god,” The brunette muttered breathlessly, closing her eyes tightly as a wave of pleasure rolled over her causing her hips to jerk in response to the the sensation. Her dark haired lover quickly released her arms. The weight pulled them down into a jelly like heap at her sides. It didn’t take her long to realize she had full range of motion and control of her appendages. Rey raised her hands without hesitation, placing her trembling palms on his naked chest and rolled her hips against his hand as she placed soft open mouthed kisses against his pectorals. The young man groaned outwardly as her knee brushed the painfully hard shaft pressing against his own pants. Without much notice he gripped her naked thigh and hoisted it upward as he kneeled between her legs, yanking her panties to the side and replaced his fingers with his hot mouth and tongue, sucking her between his full lips. Rey felt her breath burst free from her lungs, and at that moment her hands struck out at lightning speed, gripping his thick locks tightly. “Oh--kay,” She muttered, gasping and groaning as he relentlessly sucked and teased her swollen flesh. “You’re so wet,” He whispered against her thigh, placing soft kissed in a trail before returning to her core, ravaging her. Rey felt breathless, and completely overwhelmed with the sensations coursing through her body. To be quite honest, she hadn’t felt anything quite like it. Sure she had orgasmed before, and had plenty given to her by men she had dated in the past-- though, for some reason she felt like a molten ball of flames. At any moment she felt like she could spontaneously combust. She was completely coming undone, and the man devouring her knew this. He continued his relentless assault on her womanhood, fanning the flames. Her womb clenched as she grew closer and closer to the edge. “Fuck,” she whispered into the darkness, rolling her pelvis against his face. “I want you to come before I fuck you,” He groaned against core, flattening his tongue and flicking it against her bud. “Don’t stop,” Rey shook her head, “Whatever you do-- I am close.” He smirked against her core, she could feel it. He continued, sliding his digit between her pussy lips and entering her with ease. His middle finger twisted within her, searching for the one place he knew would urge her closer. Sliding his finger deeper, the dark haired man continued to pleasure the writhing woman above him with his mouth and fingers, coaxing her to completion. Warmth enveloped her as the feel of his fingers deep within her began to stroke relentlessly-- finding their mark and creating an overwhelming sensation-- Rey found herself rolling head first into an intense orgasm. It racked her body, forcing her to place a cupped hand over her mouth to keep herself from screaming out. Licking his lips, her dark haired partner stood to full height, towering over her and cupping her face in both palms, “Come here,” He pleaded, placing a soft kiss to her swollen mouth before gripping her by the wrist and yanking her deeper into the darkened hallway. “Wait,” She suddenly realized, situating her panties and taking a quick step back to collect her pants. He chuckled, opening a door and waving her within. Once inside he gripped her by her hips and lifted her straight up, carefully placing her on the edge of the sink. “Where are we?” She asked, looking around as she placed her hands on the edge of, what felt like, a bathroom sink. “We are in the bathroom-- hope that isn’t too much?” Rey shook her head, grinning softly and brushing her hair from her eyes, “No, I was just curious,” she shrugged. Her dark haired lover quickly resumed their passion filled encounter. His mouth collided with hers in a fumbling fashion as their eyes attempted to become accustomed to the darkness. He released a frustrated grunt, opening one of the drawers and pulled free a wall light, “Plug this in,” he roughly requested. How he knew that was in there, she wasn’t quite sure, but she didn’t care enough to ask. Instead she complied. Rey felt the wall, flipping on the switch long enough to plug in the wall light and quickly extinguished the bright bathroom lighting. Slowly she glanced up through her lashes, taking in the harsh shadows of her lover’s face. He did the same, so it seemed-- appreciating the sight of her nearly nude form in such a lighting. She flushed, feeling bashful. “Don’t get all shy on me now,” He said, gripping her hips, stroking her sides with his thumbs. “Do you have a--” “Condom?” he asked, slipping the package free from the pocket of his pajama pants. She swallowed hard. The brunette wasn’t honestly sure how to take his quick response. She was glad that he had one on him, but she couldn’t help but feel slightly disappointed. Did he plan on coming to the party just to find a hook up? Did She just so happened to be that hook up he was seeking? Fighting the dirty feeling she felt suddenly, Rey cupped his face and devoured his lips entirely, sucking and nipping at his full lower lip. She completely extinguished the feeling of distaste and pressed on. She wanted him too much to care about trivial things. He pulled back, looking down at the tiny package, “I usually carry one in my wallet. Just in case-- you never know.” He shrugged, looking up to meet her intense stare, as if he could read her quick draw back upon seeing he was ready for a lusty encounter. .. Just when I was ready to drop the idea… .. “Oh,” She responded, gripping the band of his pants. Feeling her face contort as she began to dwell on this idea of sleeping with someone she hardly knew, Rey finally blurted what she was thinking, “You must do this often if you have to carry those around.” His thick brows knitted, and he shook his head, “No, I don’t do this with just anyone,” the dark stranger muttered, allowing her to peel his pants down past his hips. .. Shut up. You’re going to ruin the mood, stupid. .. “Do you want to…?” He asked, holding out the torn package. Rey smiled softly and nodded, taking the slimy piece of latex from its packaging. She sucked in a slow breath, running a hand through her tousled hair, and gripped the waistband of his boxer shorts, yanking them down to allow his heavy cock to spring forth. Her lover sucked in a soft breath and arched as she gripped his shaft with her cold hand. He chuckled, opening his eyes a crack, “Cold hands.” “Sorry,” she responded honestly, grinning up at him. “Go ahead,” He commanded. Biting her lip, Rey quickly placed the latex over the head of his hardened length and slid it down from tip to base. His cock jumped in her hand as she cupped him tightly, running from base to tip in a teasing fashion. “I am ready,” She nodded. A flash of seriousness graced his defined features, and then he leaned in tasting her lips again as he gripped her hips and brushed the tip of his length against her glistening core. “You guide me,” He muttered against her mouth, dipping his tongue within the warm cavern and groaned as she applied pressure to his shaft once again. His eyes fluttered closed as Rey reached downward holding him tightly in her grasp with one hand, and pulling her wet panties aside for better access with the other. Rey gasped softly as she placed his head at her entrance, rocking her hips forward as she glided him forward. “Push forward,” She pleaded, licking her lips and leaning back against the uncomfortable rim of the sink, “You take control.” Her lover groaned, wasting no time complying. One hard thrust and he was buried to the hilt, slamming her back against the sink spout. Rey cried out painfully as it jabbed her in the back. Lifting her long form upward, her dark haired partner glided her toward the edge and away from the spout, muttering his apologies as he pulled out of her for the briefest moments only to slide back home. His head dropped back as he closed his eyes, releasing an animalistic groan. Rey felt heat flood her belly knowing he was pleased with how her body made him feel. Her walls clenched tightly around him milking his twitching cock. The smallest response on her part lit a flame within her dark haired lover, because just moments after pulling him within her he leaned forward, burying his face in the crook of her neck, riding her mercilessly, which sent her on a wave of intense pleasure. “Oh god,” She whispered over and over against his shoulder. Her fingers bit into the muscled flesh of his back as he pounded into her wetness, groaning, nipping and sucking at the flesh of her neck and breasts. “God you’re tight,” He grunted, clutching her hips tightly as he began to slow his pace, “You’re going to make me come-- fast.” He chuckled, kissing a trail up her jaw toward her earlobe, suckling it softly. “I’m almost there again, so don’t you dare stop.” Rey muttered, wrapping her legs tightly around his waist and thrusting her hips forward to meet his harsh pace. Even though he hear her breathless request, he did stop. Her grunt of displeasure entertained him. As he slipped free, her lover cupped his cock tightly as he forced her from the sink, flipped her around and bending her over the countertop. His hand buried between her thighs, stroking her entrance and then replacing his hand with his manhood, driving home causing them both to cry out in pleasure. “I wonder what sounds you make when you come, hm?” He spoke darkly, gripping her shoulder and pulling her back to his chest as he cupped her neck and pounded her from behind. Rey closed her eyes, breathing erratically as he slipped in and out of her wet entrance. “I want to feel you come,” He whispered against her cheek, nipping her hard. That was all it took. Stars ignited from behind her eyelids. Her belly burned with pleasure, searing across the length of her body as she climaxed hard on his cock. He breathed against her cheek, talking dirty in her ear as he encouraged her further as she writhed against him. Slowing his pace and holding her steady, her dark haired lover cupped her ass cheek, carefully pressing her forward and began to build a slow, teasing pace that he liked. Enjoying the feel of her clenching walls, he groaned and grunted as he attempted to make their encounter last. “It won’t be much longer,” He murmured, stroking a trail with his finger tips down the length of her back as she arched, “I have to come.” he said harshly through gritted teeth. Rey parted her thighs, arched her hips and pressed back against him enjoying his length and girth as wave after wave of after shock hit her, forcing tiny mewls of pleasure to escape her lips. Balls tight and hips jutted, he leaned forward over her, slowing his pace and grunted loudly against the skin of her back as he found his own release. Both lay against the counter, motionless. Rey’s eyes locked with the wall light, catching her breath and wetting her drying lips. She could still feel him twitching within her. It was after a few moments that he finally withdrew. Her lover grunted as he pried the wet condom from his softening cock, only to tucked himself back into the waistband of his pajama pants. Rey ran a hand through her hair, sitting upon the toilet and slipped back into her own pants. She casually glanced up, feeling his dark gaze upon the top of her head. “I usually don’t do this,” Rey said, pressing her chin into her palm looking around rather dumbfounded, “Thank you liquid courage,” she said through a nervous chuckle. “You weren’t drunk,” He started, growing tired of her regret and questioning-- she knew this. “No, but I wasn’t sober.” “We both weren’t, but I think it was a great ending to our year. Right?” He asked, slowly lowering himself to the bathroom floor, glancing up at her through his thick lashes. “It’s funny you say that,” She smiled softly, biting her index finger nail. His brow raised, waiting for her to explain. “My New Year’s resolution was to be more spontaneous.” “I’m glad that I helped you fulfill that resolution,” He grinned devilishly, “You’re off to a good start I would say.” “You know,” Rey said, pressing her palm to her forehead, “Don’t take this the wrong way, but I completely forgot you name.” “Ben,” He whispered. “Ben…” she tested his name on her lips, smiling as she did so, “Well, Ben I hope you don’t think ill of me.” “Why would I?” “I just met you.” Rey whispered. “You worry too much.” Ben shook his head, running a hand through his hair. Chewing her lower lip, Rey finally stood situating her tank and moved toward the door. She awkwardly turned, rocking on her feet and gripped the handle, “Well, good night.” Standing to full height, Ben reached out, gripped her forearm and leaned forward to place a sweet kiss upon her lips, “Night.” … .. . . .. … The blazing sun drifted through the cracked drapes of the darkened bedroom. The ceiling fan created a subtle sound, breaking the silence and creating a comforting background noise as she slept.Though not for long because as the sun bled through, it drifting over Rey’s sleeping face, causing her to contort away from the harshness of its rays. Rolled to her stomach and nuzzled her pillow, she ignored the soft sound of the door cracking open. Instead she drifted off once again. Her friend, Jaina, enter and begin rummaging through her drawers. Rey groaned softly, stretching and sighing in the process. Jaina grinned, twisting the towel high on her head as she pulled a sweater free from her drawer and a pair of plain jeans. Sense her friend rousing from her sleep, Jaina turned to glance in Rey’s direction, eyeing her carefully as one of her honey brown eyes cracked briefly. Jaina smiled softly, “You alive?” Rey grunted softly, swiping her fingers over her eyes to rid of the sleep and then stretched and yawned. “Good,” Jaina chuckled. “You’re up early. You drank more than me.” Rey looked her over skeptically. “Yeah, well I also took a few Ibuprofens before I fell asleep,so I believe that saved me. Plus I had to clean up bit. Mom and dad are getting home soon and I need to make sure that there is absolutely no evidence that I threw a party. I will be grounded until graduation for sure.” “There were so many people who stayed last night. Some not by choice, however. A dining room chair wouldn’t be my first choice, nor the stairs.” Jaina nodded and laughed aloud, “I know, but I would rather them stay the night, though.” “Of course,” Rey responded, sitting up and backing against her friend’s headboard. “So I fulfilled my New Year’s resolution within, like, the first few hours after midnight.” Jaina glanced up, from her vanity and continued to run the brush through her hair, “Oh really? What was your resolution, anyway? I completely forgot. I know you told me over a shot.” “I was going to be more adventurous-- spontaneous.” Rey stated matter-of-factly. Jaina paused in mid-brush and narrowed her eyes, glancing over her shoulder at her smug friend and tilted her head to the side. Her wet, chocolate locks cascaded over her shoulder as she turned in her chair to eye her friend. “More adventurous-- that is right.” Jaina’s lips parted, “What the hell did you do?” Rey pursed her lips and covered her face with her hands, “I kinda want to wait to tell you.” “Oh no, Rey, you better not hold back! Come on!” “I may or may not have had a one-night stand last night in one of the bathrooms.” Jaina’s mouth dropped open, and within moments she began to laugh, “Oh my-- shut up. You are such a lying sack of shit.” “I am serious.” Rey slid her legs from the bed. “Whatever,” Jaina shook her head, dropping her towel and quickly got dressed, “I don’t believe you,” She responded through one of her shirt holes. “Who was it? Don’t tell me it was Poe-- shit maybe Finn? He was flirting hard core with you all night.” Rey blushed and shook her head, cupping her cheek. “No, it was actually this guy that I have never met before. I was actually going to ask you who it was because he had been casually making eyes at me all night and we even played beer pong with me a few times, which started us up into a conversation. He was pretty serious, but funny too. Do you remember him-- dark hair?” Jaina looked up at the ceiling, attempting to recall who she was talking about, “Rey there are so many people who had dark hair, but everyone that was invited goes to our school. I think there was only a few people who came from a different school. One was Josh and the other was a girl--Ash, and that was his girlfriend. Childhood friends of mine.” Her lips pursed as she continued to recall faces and names. “No, Josh wasn’t his name.” “Oh,” Jaina pulled back her head and tilted it to the side, “So you got his name-- ok.” A grin flashed across her face. Rey nodded, feeling a blush form across her cheeks, “I feel kinda pitiful now-- he was actually...sweet.” She shrugged, “Here I am getting emotionally attached to a hook up buddy.” She face palmed. “Yeah, well don’t get to attached to the idea of him, it was a hook up. Most guys aren’t too keen on the idea of anything other than a hookup, especially on New Years and when alcohol clouds our judgement. Trust me, I have been there plenty of times. You will only be disappointed.” Stretching her arms up and over her head, Jaina finally got back to the topic at hand, “So what was his name?” Rey opened her lips to respond, but Jaina’s phone went off. Glancing down at the number phoning in, she rolled her eyes, “Hello? Oh, ok--cool. We will be down in a moment. Thanks.” “Who was that?” “My brother, I had him pick up breakfast sandwiches for all of us. Perfect hangover food. You know The Bagel , right? Their sandwiches are amazing.” She smiled, winking playfully as she slipped on her house shoes, “Let’s go.” Rey threw her loose hair up into a messy bun and followed her friend down the stairs, “I didn’t know your brother was home. I thought you said it would be another week?” “Yeah, he was suppose to, but he decided not to stay an extra week. He got done with his finals and came back early, especially since I told him I was having a party. He didn’t want his littler sister here unchaperoned.” Jaina rolled her dark eyes. “So, he was there? How come you didn’t introduce me?” Rey asked, glaring in her friend’s direction as she hopped down the stairs. “I kinda forgot. Rey, by the time you got off work and showed up I was so drunk…” Rey bit her lower lip and nodded, “Oh, I know you were.” she quickly recalled being nearly tackled to the ground as she arrived and the intense smell of cheap vodka on her breath. Jaina smiled and slipped into the kitchen, walking past the counter and sat down on one of the breakfast bar stools. Rey paused at the doorway, locking eyes with Jaina’s brother who just so happened to have the same mop of dark hair, the same face as her hookup buddy.His brows rose for a brief moment and quickly hid his surprise. He did so using his cup of joe, sipping it nonchalantly and leaning casually against the countertop. .. No way… This better not...be… Fuck, her brother’s name is...Ben. How did I not put that together? .. Rey’s lips dropped open, unable to find her words. Slowly she took a few steps toward her friend, finding her place beside her and quickly crossed her arms over her chest, avoiding meeting eyes with the not-so-mysterious-man-after-all. “Coffee?” Ben asked the girls. “Yeah, please-- wait-- where is the food?” Ben glanced over his shoulder, narrowing his eyes, “The bag.” Jaina nodded, gripping the obvious food bad settled directly in front of her and quickly began sifting through it. Within moments both had a hot cup of coffee before them. “Don’t know how you take it, but there is milk in the fridge and that dish has sugar.” “So, Jaina, aren’t you going to introduce me to your friend?” Ben asked smugly. .. Asshole… .. Jaina took up her warm cup and smiled, “Thanks brother of mine.” .. .. Fuck...it is her brother.... THE Ben… I’m so dumb! .. .. “Your friend?” He reminded, keeping his eyes locked on Rey’s, seemingly uninterested form. Rey felt completely uncomfortable about the entire situation. Unsure what to do, she cupped her breakfast sandwich and took a bite so she wasn’t forced to talk or acknowledge him. “Oh yeah, Rey, this is my brother Ben. Ben this is Rey. She moved here this semester-- well, last semester. She is pretty cool.” Jaina grinned and winked, taking a drink of her coffee as she nudged her friend. “My brother is finishing his last semester at the University before he graduates.” Jaina nodded. “Oh, I see, well it is nice to meet you.” She nodded, pursing her lips and looking into her mug of steaming hot coffee. “You too,” He grinned, enjoying this discomfort he was causing her. “When is mom and dad getting home?” Jaina cut through the awkward silence. “They said two-ish, but who really knows.” Jaina’s brother replied, setting his coffee mug on the countertop and rounding the island in the kitchen, “I am going to take a shower.” his eyes met Rey’s reluctant gaze for the briefest of moments before leaving the two girls alone to eat their breakfast. Stuffing her face, Jaina glanced up from her bagel, picking a piece of fluffy egg off and popped it into her mouth. “So, when were you planning on telling me?” Her brow quirked. Rey’s head shot up, cheeks flushed, “Wh--what do you mean?” Her head jutted forward, “When were you planning on telling me more about the guy you fucked?” Rey felt her heart nearly skip a beat, “Oh you mean his name?” Jaina’s eyes narrowed, “Yes, we were talking about that. Didn’t want to bring it up in front of my brother.” she said with a mouth full of food. “Oh, um,” Rey paused, rubbing the back of her neck, “I-- Ken--Kyle?” her voice quickly fluttered from one name to the other. “Oh my god,” Jaina chuckled softly, rubbing her fingers over her still damp hair. “What?” She swallowed. “You don’t know his name do you?” Rey bit her lower lip, feeling somewhat relieved, “Yeah,” she nodded. “It’s ok, I have done that before.” Rey felt even more relieved, “Really?” A burst of air broke free, “Yeah, didn’t want you to think...you know.” “Nope, no judgement-- Just because you don’t know his name, I mean.” Jaina shrugged, offering a sympathetic grin, “It was New Year’s Eve, not to mention you were only following New Year’s Eve protocol.” She playfully winked, “That makes you a...half slut?” Rey laughed outloud, eyes wide, “Whatever. I was also buzzed. I feel kind of weird about it, now that I am sober, but oh well.” Inhaling sharply, she took another bite of her sandwich even though she wasn’t quite feeling it. “Oh, you can use the shower whenever. Towels are in the cabinet next to the bathroom door.” Jaina nodded, “Let me know if you need my help.” “You know, I think I may do that and head out early. That ok?” Rey asked, taking one last bite of her bagel, “My stomach is feeling a bit on the sour side.” “No, not a problem.” Jaina said sympathetically. Rey wrapped what was left of her sandwich in the crumpled paper and stood up, “You’re brother...he…” “His room is in the basement, so you won’t have to worry about taking the bathroom from him. It is the bathroom by my parent’s room-- opposite end of the hallway from mine. Remember?” Rey nodded, offering a thumbs up and slowly made her way down the hallway on the main level and up the few flights of stairs to the bathroom located near, what she was always told, was Jaina’s parent’s room. She made her way to the top of the steps, rounded the railing and headed to friend’s bedroom to collect her change of clothing. Gripping her jeans from the other night, fresh undergarments, a t-shirt, and her bath supplies. She slipped from Jaina’s room and quickly and quietly closed the door behind her, paused in midstep as the tall figure of Jaina’s brother walking up the stairs in nothing but a towel making her want to retreat back into the comfort of his sister’s room. “No shampoo,” He merely responded, reading the look on her face, “I forget that I don’t live here most the year.” Rey nodded once, biting her lower lip and very slowly forced one foot in front of the other as she made her way toward the open door of the bathroom. As she slipped in, she couldn't help but feel his presence closing in from behind her. Before she had a moment to respond to him stepping into the darkness of the bathroom, he was already inside flipping on the light and meeting her questioning gaze. “What are you doing?” Rey demanded, clutching her clothing tightly to her chest. “I just have to explain myself,” He ran a hand through his hair, and gripped the towel secured at his waist, “Look, I…” He shook his head, having a hard time finding his words. “You know what, don’t even bother. You’re her brother?” Rey whispered harshly. His brows raised, offering a soft grin. “Ok-- tell me this, did you know I was her friend? I mean….honestly?” Rey asked, holding up a hand as he began to speak and explain himself. “Yes, I knew you were her friend.” “Oh, that is rich.” Rey shook her head, “What do you think she would do if she found out? If you were my brother I would be livid.” Ben chewed his lower lip and nodded, “Yeah, well shit happens. We are both consenting adults here. Look, I just wanted to tell you that-- I had fun. You’re a cool girl. It was the most fun I had in a long while. Thank you,” He said softly, leaning in and brushing his lips to hers. Rey leaned forward, stumbling back against the toilet, groaning as his tongue dipped between her lips tasting her once again. Her body instantly began to heat, remembering the sensations his body had evoked from just hours before. “I’m not sleeping with you again,” She muttered breathlessly against his lips, “I will not be a booty call.” He paused against her mouth, offering her a playful grin, “Who said you were a booty call?” Rey’s honey brown eyes drifted toward the ceiling, “Well, I wouldn’t exactly call this a relationship.” she chuckled nervously, placing her hands on her forehead as if steadying herself. “Right,” His brow furrowed. “This cannot happen again-- ever.” Rey shook her head. “Rey,” a voice called from the hallway. Ben leaned in close, causing her to inhale sharply. He reached past her, gripping the extra bottle of shampoo from the tub, turned on his heel and opened the cracked door. Watching after him and glancing around frantically, attempting to look as if Ben’s presence didn’t bother her at all. Ben slipped from the bathroom, bottle in hand, and nodded to his sister. Jaina narrowed her eyes and shook her head, “What are you doing?” she lifted a palm, glancing toward the open door of the bathroom taking notice that her friend was standing near the sink, applying toothpaste upon her brush. Rey gave her a side glance and popped the brush between her lips, smiling subtly. “What were you doing in there, weirdo?” “Shampoo,” Ben responded gruffly, holding the half empty bottle in his palm. “What about Rey? She has to shower, jerk.” “There is an extra bottle in there.” He said, rushing down the steps, avoiding his sister’s questioning gaze. Jaina nodded and shook her head, entering the bathroom, making sure her brother didn’t jack the only shampoo bottle. “What a weirdo, sorry about that.” Rey shook her head, “No problem.” “Probably came in here to see if he could get a glimpse of you naked,” her dark haired friend said jokingly, winking playfully as she nudged her and pressed her body against hers. “Oh really, stop,” Rey said with a mouthful of toothpaste, “Really?” Jaina stuck out her tongue, “Ok, wash up,” she slapped her on the ass and shut the door. The moment the door closed, Rey spit and dropped to the floor, inhaling a deep breath of relief. … .. . . .. … A/N: This story is VERY A/U and before I get any eyebrow raises, yes, Ben Solo has a sister in this story. Again, this a very A/U. Also, this is my very first--EVER-- Reylo-- I am going to start off slow with this story because I am still getting used to writing both of them. Be kind! Enjoy! Hope you enjoy it, I sure had fun writing this little number. -Mallie