Happy Life Day, Senator! PG-13 This is a reading of Darth Videtur's epic fic Happy Life Day, Senator! Summary: Kinman Doriana decides to surprise the new senator Palpatine with a life day celebration. The aftereffects are something perhaps no one foresees. Poor Sate. MediaFire Podfic MP3 download HERE Length: 16:59 EDIT 1/12/2017: Embed codes are now working!! Chapter 2 : Anatomy of Apprentices/Our heads are battlefields none can ever win - Rated PG Summary: Narration for Chapters 1 and 2 of We Pretend the Voices in Our Head Are Our Own, by Cinnamon_Girl. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) We Pretend the Voices in Our Head Are Our Own. Summary: A collection of poetry and musings, all about the Sith. Chapter 1: Anatomy of Apprentices MediaFire Download HERE Length: 6:08 ************* I tried a vocal distortion effect on this one... Chapter 2: Our heads are battlefields none can ever win. MediaFire Download HERE Length: 1:16 Notes: 1. I loves me some Sith poetry! 2. 2nd one had a vocal distortion effect on it...just a little, to make it a bit more disconcerting than usual xD Too weird? Chapter 3 : Red, black and tragedy, these are your colors/A monster with gasoline dreams rated PG Summary: Chapters 3 and 4 of Cinnamon_Girl's 'We Pretend That The Voices In Our Heads Are Our Own.' There are 2 versions of chapter 4. one with Sith filter 1, (like chapter 2) and another without it. We Pretend That The Voices In Our Heads Are Our Own by Cinnamon_Girl Chapter 3: Red, black and tragedy, these are your colors. Soundcloud HERE MediaFire .wav file HERE Chapter 4: Chapter 4: A monster with gasoline dreams. No Filter: SoundCloud HERE MediaFire .wav file HERE With the Sith filter: SoundCloud HERE MediaFire MP3 HERE The MediaFire folder (if you want to just download the whole thing) has .wav and MP3 formats of everything except the ones with filters, and is HERE Chapter 4 : [NSFW] When I am Afraid, Comfort Me: Chapters 1 - 4 Summary: When I am Afraid, Comfort Me, by Darth Videtur, chapters 1 - 4. Things start getting NSFW in Chapter 4... Run time is about 60 minutes. Notes: Ok, I've got these in 2 file formats. However, AO3's embedding only seems to work with MP3s. So here we've got the embedded players with MP3s, and download links for the WAV files (which are larger files, and are, in some cases, beter, IMHO). Download links for the MP3s are here, too, in case you'd rather do that... Files are hosted with MediaFire. Also, seriously, go read this if you haven't yet! NOW CHAPTER 1: Falling Summary: Padme goes to meet with Chancellor Palpatine regarding Anakin Skywalker's mission. After all, her husband should have been back two days ago, Obi-Wan said. Frightened and worried, Padme turns to her old friend for support and information, and the two of them begin to analyze their complicated relationship. Chapter 1 MP3 Chapter 1 WAV CHAPTER 2: From a Certain Point of View Summary: Chancellor Palpatine struggles with an attraction that he knows is dangerous. Darth Sidious can't help being intrigued. Chapter 2 MP3 Chapter 2 WAV CHAPTER 3: What Can I Afford to Believe? Summary: Padmé tries to figure out what has happened to her husband, and her mind gets a little distracted along the way. Chapter 3 MP3 Chapter 3 WAV CHAPTER 4: Comforting Seduction Summary: Palpatine tries to get the ball back in his court. Padme is faced with a Sith Lord on a mission. Chapter 4 MP3 Chapter 4 WAV Chapter 5 : [NSFW] When I Am Afraid, Comfort Me, chapters 5 - 7 Summary: Run time: About 60 minutes total, 20-ish minutes each. When I Am Afraid, Comfort Me, by Darth Videtur Chapters 5 - 7 VERY NSFW Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter 5: Touch Me, Tame Me Summary: Padme attempts to grab a wild Zalaaca by the tail. ****** Chapter 6: Open My Eyes Summary: Padme and Palpatine each attempt to take the reins of control. Only one will win this round, but the larger game is afoot. ****** Chapter 7: To Lie With Darkness Summary: Sidious ponders his options, and comes to a startling realization that he really doesn't know what to think of. And then Padme distracts him. Again. ****** Notes: 1. Ok, I'm re-recording parts of chapter 8, and since 9 just came out, I'll be posting those 2 in the next installment, yay!! 2. This was way too much fun to do. 3. ...Padme is having an interesting night, isn't she? xD 4. I'm assuming everyone listening has read 'When I Am Afraid, Comfort Me,' but if you haven't, I highly suggest you read it, because it's seriously awesome. Dooooo iiiiiit!