He sits at his desk. Going through his messages. There is one that he doesn't recognize the sender, clicking it a video starts playing. A shaky picture of an attractive young women is before him. She is unpacking a bag in a small kitchen. She looks up and smiles at whomever has the camera, a beautiful smile, her entire face lights up. "Proof of life," an off camera voice says laughing. "Hi mom," she says giving a small wave. "See we made it, you did all that worrying for nothing. Oh, and look not all junk food, see!" She holds up a bag of vegetables and fruit. They give a tour of a small apartment. "I promise to take good care of her Mrs.L." The women holding the camera turns it around showing her face. "Only a little partying" "Please there will be no for partying," The beauty says the girl holding the camera nod her head mouthing there will be with a devilish smile then she turns the camera tuned back to her beautiful friend. "I promise to message you daily,mom. I have lots of unpacking to do now and a roommate that is going to help, so...." She walks up to her friend now both the girls faces were in the camera. "Until tomorrow, I miss you and love you." "Bye Mrs. L" the massage turns off. Somehow he received this message by error. He was sure the two girl would realize shortly their message didn't reach this Mrs.L. Lucky for him that he got to enjoy a pleasant change from his normal routine. He goes back to work and later as he lays down to rest he think of the two girls, imaging what it is like to have a normal life. The next day a new message appears. "Hey mom, well first day was interesting." She smiles but looked tired. "I got lost and was late to the job interview. So yeah, I doubt I'm getting that one. I know Lou isn't supposed to leave me alone but she already met a guy this morning and well she isn't back yet. I hope she's ok" as if on cue the door burst open. "Honey, I'm home!" Lou enters the apartment. The beauty smiles. "Hey, how was your first date? Stay hi to mom." "Hey, Mrs.L. It was fantastic. He is just yummers!" Pretty girl rolls her eyes at the camera. "Talk to you tomorrow mom." Hux goes about his business once again. Surely that would be that last message he would receive from girls. Lou and the one he now thinks of as Beauty for he doesn't know her name. It wasn't though, he received daily messages for a month. He found himself looking forward to hearing them every day. Especially when he's had a day like this. There have been complications with his super weapon, and Ren oh Ren costing a small fortune with his tantrums. Hux lays in bed, Beauty was looking tired the past few days. He was about to close hid data pad for the night when a message pops up. "Mrs.L" Lou whispers, "I'm a bit worried. (Y/n) has been having nightmares all week and well tonight." She holds the camera to show beauty, no her name is (y/n), she is clearly having a nightmare. "She won't wake up. You told me to record her dreams when they are like this so well here it is." Lou continues. Beauty screams and bolts upright. "The board is set, the First Order will strike first billions will die when they unleash their Star Killers weapon on the Hosnian system, but there is hope. The actions will push the newly awoken light on the path. The Jedi shall rises." (Y/n) falls back to her pillow. "Mrs. L, I hope you know what to make of that. (Y/n) sweetie wake up hon." The girl open her eyes. "Lou, what are you doing? Are you recording me sleeping? That's not creepy!"realization fills her face. "I had another one?" "I promised your mom I'd keep an eye on you and if you had any visions record them for her. Your pills are still working though? You don't remember them?" "Yes. I don't remember." "You want to watch it?" "No, if I wanted to remember them I wouldn't take the pill. Mom, I'm fine, the pills are still working but I'm getting low, I'll need more soon." "Hey did you see this message for Dr.York?" "He massages me every week to make sure my pills still work." (Y/n) says off hand with a shrug. Lou sets the camera down and clicks on the message. Both girls move closer to the message. "(Y/n) I hope you receive this, the First Order has taken hold of this planet. Your file has been taken, they already took your Aunt. You have to hide. Look for neutral planets, you don't what the resistance finding you either." The image of the elder doctor looks down. There is a bang at the door with orders to open up. "(Y/n) it is never easy being a seer. People will always hunt you and try to use you for their gain. I have done everything I can to protect you. Lou we have both taken an oath to protect (y/n) at all cost. (Y/n) it has been my greatest honour protecting you." The banging gets loader. "Be safe,child." His message disappears. "Shit," Lou says, Ok (y/n) start packing, I'm going to get us off planet. Mrs. L, we will message you when we find a new place. Do worry, I know my job, no one will get her. (Y/n) get moving, we have to go." Lou drops the camera. (Y/n) is sitting on the bed shaking. "I'm so tired of running." "I know, sweetie I know but it can be worse. I'm going to keep you safe but we have to move. So get up and start packing." "Lou what about my pills? With Dr.York gone, how will I get my pills. I need those pills." "I'll figure it out, sweetie. I'll take care of you. Now start packing chickadee." Lou shuts the camera off. That may have been the strangest message he had ever received. He gets up and goes to his office and look to see what planets were seized that day. He also called in a specialist. He needs them to lock onto the girls locate. He can't have a seer running around talking about the Star Killer Base. "Sir, the prisoner you requested is in the interrogation cell 3." Hux heads for interrogation. "Good day Dr. York." Hux enter the cell. "I hope you are well, I just have a few questions, today." "I have nothing to tell you." "No, I'll tell you a story then. One day like any other day in my daily routine I received a rather interesting message. Would you like to see it?" The doctors face falls when (y/n) image appears on the screen. Hux shuts if off after the first message. "I knew, how did I receive this by error I thought surely they would figure out that Mrs.L isn't receiving the messages. I received these daily message for months. Can you keep a secret? I looked forward to seeing what sweet young (y/n) did every day. Now, imagine my surprise when one night I received this message." He played the last message he received he hasn't received another since the one with the vision. "Tell me doctor what is the possibility that I of all the people would receive these messages?" A silence follows "I don't know where they are. I wouldn't tell you if I did. She's a good girl, she doesn't deserve to be used by the likes of you." Hux smirks "Oh, I didn't need you to locate the girls. I have specialist on it. I had questions about these pills." "I have taken a oath to protect (y/n), I will not tell you anything." The doctor put up quite a fight but he broke. They all break in the end. "(Y/n) comes from a powerful family of seers. The pills help her forget what she sees. They help her keep her sanity. Her mother brought her to me after she watched her sister slip into madness." "We have the Aunt, so with out the pills (y/n) will go mad?" "Being cursed with the gift of sight is a horrible burden. Never mind that disgusting people wish to exploit them." "Thank you doctor." Hux leaves the room. "Kill him." Well he was in with the doctor he had received a message for his missing girls. "We are still traveling Mrs. L. She has run out of pills, it's been hard for her to keep track of what is real and what are visions. She keep talking about the Hosnian system, Mrs. L something bad is going to happen there and soon. Also,something about Jakku being where to find what has been lost." "Are you talking to my mom about me? Beauty looks exhausted when she comes into view. "I'm ok mom, things are just fuzzy. Sometime I can't be sure if what I see is real or a vision but Lou helps me tell the difference." Her eyes hazy over. "(Y/n) sweetie what do you see?" "The decision is made Dr.York is dead. The red general has had him killed. He looks for us." She cries. "We don't know for sure sweetie, the Doctor could still be alive." She shakes her head. "He is dead," Hux hears the blaster shot go off in the integration room, indeed he is dead now. "He is hunting us, the red general. He will find us two days after the weapon is destroyed." Tears roll from her eyes she looks to Lou, "I don't want to remember this." "We need to get more pills Mrs.L. I'll get her someplace safe. I thought if I keep her moving that maybe it would help but it has done nothing. Sweetie, I will not let anyone hurt you, your going to be fine. So say good bye to your mom and let's go get you some water and some food." The specialist will be contacting him soon with their location. She saw him finding her. What did she mean after the weapon is destroyed, she couldn't be talking about his StarKiller base. She must be see another weapon. Ren is all in a huff about going to Jakku and she had mentioned finding what was lost. So he will help Ren find whatever he's looking for and soon he would find her. He goes next door and watch a women in he late forty's twirling in cycles singing ring around the rosie. (Y/n)'s Aunt, "We all fall down." She tumbles to the floor. "Even you Gerenal. Even you fall down. Do you want to know how you die?" She sits up and looks at him through the glass. "No, another time then." She pulls herself back up. "It will rain on the Jedi today. The princess will plan and plot, plan and plot." She say in a sing song voice spinning in circles again. "Plan and plot. Plan and plot." Truly Beauty needs her pills the thought of her being like this half deranged creature before him was a sad thought indeed. Chapter 2 The Empire held my grandmother for years. She was the most powerful seer of the time and she was used mercilessly for decades. The history of seers is a sad one, filled with slavery, abuse, insanity. Force sensitive people can sometime see the future, seers always see it. The problem is the future is a swirls pool of possibilities and seers see them all. When a decision is made the future becomes solid and that is the future in that moment. Then someone will change their mind or make a snap choice and another future takes hold. It's overwhelming and confusing. Mother never had the sight only Aunt K and without help she slowly lost her mind. I was eight years old when the vision started became too much and mother took me to see Dr. York. The pills help, they made it bearable. There were days I even felt almost like a normal person. "(Y/n) sweetie you need to eat." Lou, your best friend, who are you kidding, your only friend. You are so thankful to have her. Lou too had a lonely childhood. Her parents were members of a military science program. They thought it would be good idea to genetically engineer their child. Lou is an unstoppable force; genetically she is stronger, fast with an above average intelligence. She started receiving military training as soon as she could walk. Then the government found out what was done. Her parents were arrested and tried for crimes against nature. No one knew what to do with Lou. Some wanted her destroyed but Dr.York stepped in. He took charge of her. I would never say he took care of her because Lou takes care of herself. They have been my protectors for the past two years. That’s when mother said I had to leave. For two years Lou and I have been moving, from planet to planet. We tried to live a somewhat normal life. I feel bad for Lou, she can easily live anywhere. I am the reason we can't stay in one place too long. People get close and in time they figure out what I am. Everyone wants to know their future. Everyone wants their path to be the one that brings them wealth or love or fame. Whatever they think they want but it is never enough. "What if we go to that Jedi guy? He should have to honour the agreement. “ “That was an old agreement most likely long forgotten. “ "The Jedi swear to protect all seers, you are a seer he is the last Jedi. An oath is an oath in my book.” "He wishes to be alone." You push the food around you plate so it looks like you had been eating. "I am going to take you to the Jedi." That was all she needs to do. The future starts pouring in. They find him on an island with a girl, training. He isn't pleased to have them, but he will not turn a seer away. Then the red general finds them. ”How does he find us every time? It doesn't make sense?” The last few days Lou makes a suggestion I follow the paths and then he captures them. Every vision ends with the red general. Every path leads to him. "I guess that's what you would call destiny I suppose." Lou offers when I vent about it. "Well I call it being screwed." My head hurts; I haven't been able to sleep more than an hour or two without my meds. "Every time, he finds us Every Time. What is this guy’s deal? He is relentless." "Ok well, tell me what you can about him. So I can try to gage my opponent properly. Why call him the red general?" Lou leans over and picks some food from your plate. "He has red hair, intense blue eyes. He’s young for having the rank of General. I'd say in his thirties." "Sounds handsome!" Lou and her boys. "Don't roll your eyes. Men are only good for one thing (y/n)." "I'll take your word for it." "I need a break. I'm going to take a walk, see what’s happening on this boat. Stay in the room, don't open the door for anyone." What if you separate from Lou? As unlikely as that would be you follow the line. It takes the red general longer to find you but he does, you are half crazed and nearly dead from starvation. You look almost happy to be found. It is almost impossible for seers to be alone, Lou left her for one afternoon and she barely made it to her job interview and back. Time, time is almost impossible to track for her. Lou makes sure she eats and sleeps. Lou takes care of her. She can’t do this without Lou. Especially since things are only going to get worse without Dr. York. How would you get more pills? You curl up on your bunk; if only you could sleep it would make everything better. Lou's words dance in your head, Destiny! There is no destiny. There is no one path laid out before anyone. It all had to do with choices. They have Aunt K, poor Aunt K. She was taken as a child by the Hutts. Used very much like my grandmother was. Mom managed to get enough money to hire a bounty hunter to get her back but by then the damage was done. They didn’t take proper care of her. Mom said the only good thing about the Empire way they took good care of Grandmother. Mother last words roll through you mind. “Seers have to walk a tight rope (Y/n) if you’re not careful you will tumble into madness like your Aunt. Take your pills and stay with Lou, she will keep you safe. Please don’t miss understand what I’m about to say. I am sorry if I had known my child would inherit my mother’s gift I would never have had you, but I have loved you from your first breath and will love you long after I’m gone. I just wish you could have had a better life.” Then Lou and I got on the transport and left. Dr.York was there only contact a long time. Then he forwarded a contact that was mother not long ago. She never messaged back; maybe she was afraid it would be traced. I wish I could talk to her now. I just need to know if Grandmother ever had a situation like the red general. Was there anything that could do? “Honey, I’m home!” Lou comes back in looking down at you. “Honey bee it’s going to be ok. I was talking with the captain and he said we could stay on board as long as we needed. Of course I worked something out with him.” She winks. “I wish you parents would have programed you with some morals.” “Really then we wouldn’t have anywhere to stay. Besides I have an itch and he’s sorta good looking for an old guy.” “Nympho!” “You know it.” She falls in bed beside you. “I’m going to get you your pills too, at the next stop.” Lou is standing outside a Pharm with a shady looking guy. They break in through a window. The alarms are going off. Lou finds and takes every pack of pills for me. The cops are outside the door. The guy heads for the window but Lou easily bets him out. She walks the edge of the building like a cat until she find suitable cracks for her fingers to grip and she starts climbing up, up to the top of the building. Her shady partner in crime watches in awe. Then heads for the ground where he is arrested. On the roof the captain is waiting for her. He must like Lou to do this. She makes it back with a good batch of pills. Sleep I’m going to get to sleep again. Sleeps plagued with horrific nightmares of system being destroyed and the red general, but sleep none the less but thanks to these glorious pills she will not remember them. She hopes... Chapter 3 “We are docking; let’s get you off this boat.” They have arrived in Coronet City; Lou had decided mixing into a populated area would probably be safer. “So take a look around, I think this could work. We can find a place. The docks are always looking for workers so I should be able to get a job easily. It is busier than the last couple places so I don’t want you wandering off anywhere.” “Whatever you think is best, Lou.” There are so many people; more people than you have seen in the past year and it’s overwhelming. Lou has keep you pretty secluded, even the few time you were able to get a job it was something with little social interaction, halo storage center mostly. The only time someone spoke to you was to locate a halo and mostly people could find what they needed on their own. “Try to focus on me and for the love of god don’t touch anything. We will have to get you gloves. Can you handle it?” People sometime leave their energy behind on things it can make me lose focus when I lock on someone. It’s always safer to have gloves on. “I’m adjusting can I have a minutes. “Lou has been short with you the past few days. She sighs irritably and shoulders her pack. She is fantasizing about being on her own. Though it hurts you can’t blame her, not really; you are a big burden, even when trying your best not to be. “I’m sorry you are stuck with me. It is a good path for you, if you choose to take it.” Lou’s head snaps up, you’re trying your best not to let your hurt show. “What?” Lou’s looks at you confused, she didn’t realize I had seen her path. To be fair she did tell me to focus on her. “If you go on your own here in this place your will do well. You will be happy.” Lou stares at her. “They will be very busy once the war starts. You could make good money and be safe.” “Safe, ha! Safe from that general that’s after you, I’m not scared of him.” “It’s not him you need to fear.” The last few days you have been plagued with a new horror, something far worse than any general. Lou takes your arm and starts pulling you through the crowd. She pushes you into a diner down the road. The besalisk behind the counter eyes you as Lou shoves you into a booth. A droid rolls over handing them menus. Which you don’t touch. “What can I get you girls?” the droid is old, out dated and in need of some repairs. “Two waters.” Lou says setting the menu down. “Yeah, I could tell right away we had a couple big spenders here.” The besalisk said from behind the counter. Lou gives him a dirty look. “Find two caf’s.” he grunts and moves away from the counter into the kitchen but still watches them through the window. “People seem mean here.” The droid places the caf too hard on the table causing yours to slop over the edge. Grabbing napkins your clean the mess. Lou gives a disgusted grunt. “Yup, these are my kind of people.” They watch the old droid drop another patron’s caf, and then some food before it started sparking. “Piece of junk,” the droid falls over in a heap. The besalisk is out from the back again. “Great now what am I going to do. The dinner rush will start and I don’t have a server.” Lou doesn’t miss a beat; she jumps on it offering to help. The besalisk is named Max. “What about you sweetheart you want to help too.” “No just me,” Lou gestures to Max to move away. Lou is weaving a sad tale about her poor sister that can’t be around large groups of people. “I had me a sister that was a bit odd too; I got an office in back. If she wants she can stay in there. Won’t be in no one’s way, and this is only ‘til the droids fix. Don’t get comfy,” and like that Lou was taking orders and serving people, you had to admire her. She could do anything. “This way honey,” you follow Max into the back. “So what’s the story, hun? You girls just get in? “Yes, we just arrived today.” You stand at the office down watching him preparing the orders. “Yeah, we get all sorts around here. Tell me where did you get that pretty bobble around your neck?” Her necklace, it was a gift from her mom, nothing fancy just a jade stone wrapped in a leather code. “It was a gift from my mother.” “Mother you say, hm. You hungry, hun?” you nod and the next thing you know there is a very delicious burger and fries in front of you. “You can have one when you’re don’t Kid.” He said to Lou at the window. “Seems like you two will need a place to say too. I got an empty room upstairs. You’ll have to work if it. There isn’t anything free in this world, hun. Maybe you can help back here or does some office stuff.” Lou’s face is in the window. “You got a deal, Max.” Lou winks at her. “Just unit the droid is fixed though. I can’t have you two girls here forever.” He hums songs well he cooks. There really wasn’t much to do back there to help. She helped with the dishes mostly. The diner closes late and you and Lou go to the room there is only one bed, so sharing it is. Swallowing down a pill you go to sleep. ******** No new message again, every day he was secretly disappointed not to see one. He abandons his desk and looks out over the desert planet of Jakku. An unhappy looking waste land it he had ever seen one. Ren and a battalion of troop had left for the mission. Hux can only hope he gets what he's looking for. He has been extra moody of late. "All to be found today is pride, what he seeks moves to hope." He has taken to keeping the insane prisoner on hand. Just in case something useful should fall out of her confused babbling. Also the men do not care for her. Her birth name is Kehko. The troops have taken to calling her Cuckoo. She is sitting in the center of the room with paper and crayon draw nonsensical pictures. “Ren will find pride today you say?” “It is certain. He will bring pride to you but what he seeks is gone, it will be found by hope.” Madness! He had gone over her file. The Hutts they broke this poor creature, such a waste. "Can you tell me where your niece is going?” Looking back at the stars “(Y/N) is lost; she must stay lost to not be found. Oh!” she claps her hands together, “He without a name shall be named. The one asleep shall be awakened and the falcon will fly once more.” She seems to be talking more gibberish than unusual today. He will have to have her seen by the doctor again; obviously whatever medication they are giving her is not working. Chapter 4 Phasma had taken Kehko back to her cell. Ren had returned with a prisoner to be interrogated. Pride indeed, ha! Well, the prisoner was tougher than expected. After hours he would not break. Ren had to be called in to go through mind and now we are on our way back to Jakku. All this to find one person that isn’t even a true threat. If they were going to waste resources they should be looking of (Y/N). She is a true threat, someone with the capacity to actually be about to tell the future not insane rambling of an aging women. That is another reason they need to find (Y/N). She needs to be cared for by someone responsible, someone that can keep her from turning out like Kehko. He is picking up Kehko drawing when the alarm sounds. He arrives on the bridge to find out the prisoner as escaped with the help of one of his own troops. That is impossible! The system is flawless there is no way one of my troops would defect…… It’s a disaster! How did this happen? Now the Supreme Leader is requesting an audience. At least the weapon is ready that will be some positive news to deliver. Ren is walking around all smug, stars he is infuriating. I will have to have a full analyses run on all the troops now, starting with the FN squad. We have to find out if FN-2187 as a singular or if we have a bigger problem brewing. ******* “So, there I was drinking away my sorrows in this bar. No wife, no job, stuck on a crappy planet. This guy sitting beside me said he was leaving and I could come along, just had to earn my keep, much like you two here.” It was the slow time between lunch and dinner rush. Max’s place was close to the docks so he got a good crowd of men in here. Lou of course has become very popular with her sassy comments and pushy attitude, the dock guys have started to become regulars. Lou was in the kitchen with them helping prepare for the evening rush. Max was telling them a story to pass the time. “Turns out this guy was a smuggler and also moonlightin’ as a bounty hunter.” “Max where is that red sauce for the burgers?” Lou said search through the pantry. “Second shelve from the bottom.” “Then you out.” She walks over to make sure there isn’t any there. “Well shoot that’s no good. (Y/N) you go get some.” You look at Lou; you had no idea where to go. “I’ll go. She’s busy.” Lou said, “If you think you can manage this crowd without me.” Lou was gone and Max started humming a tune that sounded familiar. You found it to be very soothing. You could feel yourself swaying to it and a smile came to your face will you worked. “Figured you like that tune.” He chuckled. “Why did you figure that?” your face burns from the blush you feel going to your cheeks. “Now where was I in my story? Oh yes, now I’m on this ship with this very special cargo the bounty hunter picked up. See the job was to get this Hutt slave and bring her to her family.” You stop what you’re doing. “Let me tell you she was an odd little thing. She hummed that little tune all the time. She told me so many things. She told me to open this diner. She told me that one day two young girls would need my help. One would be waiting a small jade necklace. This girl would be like her.” Max is staring at you; you don’t know what to do. Should you run? Run, Where? To Lou of course where else would you go? Lou’s gone to the market. Could you even find her? No you will get lost and then Lou will have to find you. Boy, would she get mad at you! So that’s a no on the running then. “I expected you to be odder. Was she your mother?” “No, that would be Aunt K.” No point in lying, he already has a good idea who I am. “Mother is not like us.” He grunts, and just looks at you for a few minutes or maybe it was seconds but it felt like hours. “So what kind of trouble are you in?” Max motions for you to get back to work. “Normal trouble for a seer, people are trying to find me. They have my Aunt.” “Shame,” Max shakes his head. “She’s a sweetheart; I hope they are treating her better than the Hutts did.” “Max something bad is going to happen soon. Then a war will start. The future is pretty bleak right now. This person after me will find me. He always does. Every path he finds me. Lou thinks we should just keep moving, but it’s hard for me, I need my pills and well my supplier was killed by the people that took Aunt K.” “So you need to choice the path you want to be found on.” A customer enters he’s a regular. Joh, I think was his name. With no Lou you have to man up and do this. The guy just wanted a caf and asked you to switch the sports halo to news. You went back to get more caf filters to make another batch. Joh normal stay about an hour or so watching the halo and make small talk with Max. “Hey Max, there something wrong with your halo, this guy is everywhere.” Joh called, you walk out and freeze there on the halo was the red general. “And we will remember this as the last day of the republic.” Lou walks up behind you. “What’s going on?” You look at her “That’s him, that’s the red general. It’s happening Lou.” You watch in horror as your dreams play out. The red beam of light, it seemed like everything came to a stop. Dockers were piling into see replays everyone murmuring about the Hosnian system and the first order. The people are terrified. Not since the Battle of Endor had the dock shut down but they did that day. Production stopped in the industrial section. The whole of Corellia stood still that day. You were in the back weeping when Lou found you. “(Y/N) it’s going to be ok.” “It’s not over,” Lou sits cross legs beside me holding my hand well your head rest on her shoulder. “The Resistance will strike next.” “So that’s the Red General? He’s kinda cute if you into the whole screaming, I’ll kill you all type. I’m not into it; if you’re keeping track. I like to be the killer in the relationship. I mean come on; it’s what I do best. What would I bring to the table if I’m not the killer?” This got you laughing, with of course was her goal. “There you two are, you get your butt out there and get taking orders and you. Come sit by me I’ll tell you about the time I was working in the miner on Bilto and I meet this beautiful girl. Thought she was the love of my life…..” Max is flipping burger and chatting way; bless him for trying to distract you. The diner closed at its regular time after Max forced some of them out. People were scared, scared to be alone. That night you snuggled up to Lou thinking about the day; waiting for your pill to kick in. Max’s words rolled through your mind, “So you need to choice the path you want to be found on.” How did you want to be found if you were going to be found? Chapter 5 "Wake up hun; you’re having a bad dream." your eye snap open, tears roll down you cheeks. The images of dream vanishes from your mind, the pills doing their job. Lou looks at you uneasy. After what happened today she was concerned about keeping you safe. The people are scared, scared people act unpredictably, that could be dangerous. It also makes everything super had on you. People's minds change a lot more often when they are uncertain. For you everything becomes a swirling mess. You knew a few things for sure. One the Resistance will strike back at the First Order. More planets will choose sides and soon war will break out and the Red General was still after you. Those are the things that were constant everything else was a big old mess in your mind. "Please don't leave me." She can't do this without Lou. Lou looks down guilty. “Hun, taking you to the Jedi is the safest thing I can do now. There is no safe place on any planet now, not with war coming.” She can’t take me and leave me with some stranger. She just can’t. "Sweetie, don’t look at me like that. I just want to keep you safe. I'm go to leave you with the Jedi and I will go take care of that General. He can’t hunt you any more if he’s dead now can he? Besides after what he just did to the Hosnian system he kind of deserves it." "Maybe leave me here with Max." Max has been so nice to you and he knows your secret. “Maybe he can take care of me?" "The Jedi can protect you almost as well as I can, almost! This is about your safety. I mean Max is a nice guy and he does seem to care about you in his own way but (Y/N), come on! If that General walked in the diner tomorrow what would he really be able to do to protect you?" "Well, we don't know here the Jedi is." Lou just looked at her “And what about my pills?” "Come on babe. No one can hide from you if you decide to find them. That's why you’re going to tell me where he his and then you’re going to point me at General Red and I'm going to make you safe again. I will get you more pills and I’m sure Jedi man must have some Jedi treat to help you. I doubt the old Jedi’s keep all the seers popping pills back in the day.” (Y/N) twist the sheets in her hand. Lou thought this was best and she had to trust her. If she couldn’t rely on Lou she could rely on anyone. “Hey just think I may be able to get Aunt K back too." “How would we even get there? We are out of money and we don’t have a ship?” An image of the Captain that dropped them here was in her mind loud and clear. The same Captain that helped Lou get your pills. “You can get in touch with him?” Lou nods her gave her his contacts info. “You like him?” Lou shrugs at the allegation. “I like that he has a ship and I like that he does what I say.” No it’s more than that, she likes him. Lou had never liked anyone other than you and even you are more of an obligation than anything else. "If this is what you think is best. I'll miss you so much." Lou smirks at you, giving you a look that says well of course you will. "Ah, chickadee you know I'll be back as soon as the job is done. Now find me that Jedi!" “Ren what the bloody hell is that?" Ren was supposed to retrieve a droid yet her returns carrying a young woman on to Hux’s base. "You were told to retrieve a droid not a girl." "She has seen the map; we do not require the droid. When she wakes I will have the information the Supreme Leader wants." Ren heads towards the interrogation room. Wait! Something is wrong! Why would Ren carry the girl and not have the troopers do it? Hux follows behind and he watches Ren place her gently in the chair. Ren has never shown such care for a prisoner. He even double checks the restrains but not tightening them Hux watched him loosen one of them on her wrist. What was he playing at? His captain moves in behind him. "Did Ren finally get himself a girlfriend? She's cute." Hux is indifference to the girl’s appearance. He was busy watching the temperamental man child's odd behavior. "Your special guest is acting odder than normal. She's freaking out the men." Of course she is, Kehko babbling always bother the men. "Fine I'll check on her," Ren kneels down before the girl. What is he doing? "Captain will you stay here and observe the interrogation. Let me know what happens." Hux takes one last look at the scene then shakes his heard before headed to see Kehko. There is a group of guard gathered around. He can hear her banging and yelling. "We must leave. We need to leave. Please let me out of here." "Stand aside men." The all jump to attention at his approach, moving quickly back to their post. "Please we all must leave. They are coming! Nothing will remain." "Kehko it is the General please step back from the door so I may enter." He finds a clearly distressed woman. Her hair and eye are wild. She is unable to remain still he has to take her upper arms to hold her in one place. "General, please we all must leave. They will come for her and nothing will remain in the end." "Calm yourself; I assure you all in fine. You are safe." She vigorously shakes her head. "Fate yet again repeats itself. The Empire did not heed my grandmother's warnings either. I cannot stay here." She tries to break his hold. "I cannot stay here. I must leave before the Falcon comes. You, your soldier, all must leave and leave now!" There is a grumble from the guards behind him they shift uneasily. He can't have Kehko spreading panic amount his men. "Kehko the Finalizer is just off planet would you be more comfortable there?" She can remain there under Lieutenant Mitaka's care for the next two days before he returns. They need to rendezvous with the rest of the fleet. She nods at him with big eyes. “I will arrange for you to stay in my quarters aboard the ship until I return. Please try to keep my things in order well you are there. Don’t forget your paper and colors." Once she has all her things he escorts her to the hanger. Sending a message to Mitaka advising him of her arrival and how she is to be cared for. Phasma came up to him at a fast pace. "Sir, you won't believe what I just say. The girl, Ren's prisoner just complete keep Ren out of her mind and I'm pretty sure she went into his. It was the craziest thing. He's gone to see the Supreme Leader now. “Ren had failed and now has to explain what happened. There was no way he was missing that. "Oh and sir, we were able to track the resistance as they fled Takodana to the Ileenium System." "Excellent, Captain, please take Kehko to hanger F4. There is a transport taking her to the Finalizer." "Oh is she leaving us so soon? What a pity.” "Leaving is good, you should all leave. Pity those who remain here Captain. Life is an echo, what you send out you get back.” Though Hux couldn’t see the captain’s face he knew she was rolling her eyes. "That is so true, come now let’s get you to your ship." The captain takes the woman by the arm and leads her away. Hux watches the poor crazy thing being led away. At least the men will be calmer without her here. He had to hurry he didn’t want to miss his chance to watch Ren look bad in front of the Supreme Leader, especially now that they knew what system the Resistance was in. He must talk to this girl and find out how she was able to best Ren in his mind tricks. Hux enters the auditorium. That one meeting was the highlight of his day, wait no his week! It was even better than seeing his weapon successfully remove the Republic. To watch Ren make excesses for his short comings. Then he was asked to once again use his weapon to remove the Resistance. He is on the bridge waiting for the weapon to charge and Hux was riding on a high when the alarms sounded. Ren’s prisoner has managed to escape and Ren wants the base locked down. Kehko’s transport hadn’t left yet. Captain Phasma ordered her to be sedated for her own safety. She because very erratic once the alarm sounded. It's fine they will keep her on standby until the prisoner is found. She will wake on the Finalizer later and Phasma can aid with the search. Then all hell broke loose. The shield generator had been taken off line and Resistance fights were attacking his base. The weapon was almost fully charged. When the ground shook as an explosion took out the Oscillators. Hux runs to info the Supreme Leader that planets has sustained irreparable damage and was collapsing. To think only hours ago this was the best day. He makes his way to the ship on standby with the now sedated Kehko. He searches for Ren to find him beaten and bloody in the snow. Did the girls do this? How? He watches from the window as his prize weapon implodes. Years of work gone in an instant. This was Ren’s fault. “What did you do? I know this was you’re doing. I lost everything!” Ren faded in and out as Hux yelled at him. Soon the medical team was pushing him out of the room. Hux see Kehko’s sleeping in the next room. He goes to check on her. The crazy woman asleep before him had told him they needed to leave. If only she could have told him what was going to happen. He could have been prepared. He could have stopped it. Now more than ever he wants (Y/N). If she was able to see like her Aunt but had the power to convey it what an asset she would be. She would be his greatest weapon. He notices a paper in Kehko’s hand. She is clutching a drawing to her chest. Gently as he could her takes it from her. It was a drawing of a diner Mel’s Place under in small scribbles Corellian’s best caf. Why would the crazy seer draw a picture of a diner in the core? He would have to investigate later on. For now he had to bring Ren to the Supreme Leader. He had to assess how much was lost today. He had to start over.