List of AUs 1. Timer AU: Everyone has a timer on their wrist that counts down to the moment they meet their soulmate. 2. Reincarnation AU: If someone can't find their soulmate, they get reincarnated when they die. This continues for as long as it takes. 3. Name AU: The name of your soulmate is tattooed onto your wrist since birth. 4. Similar Symbols AU: Everyone has a necklace/tattoo of a symbol and their soulmate's symbol matches. 5. Monochrome AU: Everyone sees in black and white until they meet/touch their soulmate. When one of the partners dies, the colors fade again. 6. Love at first Disaster AU: Something awful happens when you meet your soulmate. 7. First Words AU: On your 18th birthday (or since birth) there are the first words that your soulmate speaks to you tattooed somewhere on your body. 8. Touch AU: You don’t know your soulmate until you touch them, skin on skin. 9. Dream AU: When you sleep you dream of whatever your soulmate is experiencing from their point of view until/after you find them. 10. Dream AU: You can communicate with your soulmate through dreams. 11. Telepathy AU: You can communicate with your soulmate telepathically. 12. Senses AU: You share extreme physical sensation; if one of you hurts the other one hurts, if one of you is getting lucky the other one gets a little hot and bothered 13. Cat And Mouse AU: The closer you are to your soulmate, the more aware of them you become, like a game of hot and cold. For instance, colors get brighter and brighter the closer you are and fade into gray when they’re too far away. 14. Reincarnation AU: Whenever you meet your soulmate, memories of your past lives resurface. 15. Ink AU: Whenever you write on your skin, it shows up on your soulmate as well. Chapter 2 : endings - cassian andor Summary: It ends as quickly as it begins. **spoilers Notes: Touch AU: You don't know your soulmate until you touch them, skin on skin. It begins as quick as it ends. A soulmate is the last thing on his mind, and you've never been particularly interested in searching yours out anyway. For him, the Rebellion has always taken precedence, and for you, fate was never too kind from the start. You'll look back one day and find it morbidly ironic, if not sickeningly depressing. You meet him when he's leaving for Scarif, and the both of you are rushing around base. He bumps into you, nearly knocks you off your feet before he catches you by the shoulders, and the two of you lock eyes as you wrap your hand around his wrist to steady yourself. And it's beautiful, how everything suddenly makes sense, and it's terrifying, how suddenly your world starts and ends with him. The connection is instant, electric, and before either of you can stop yourselves, you're surging forward, mouths meeting with a strange sort of desperation. And it feels like a lifetime condensed into a few precious seconds, the warmth of his kiss, the familiarity of him. But he pulls away all too soon, and he levels you with the half-smile of a man about to do something incredibly stupid. "I'll come back to you,” he tells you, strong, smile turning a little sad as he steps away from you, touch lingering. Then the spell breaks and reality crashes down, and he's quick to continue whatever he was doing, leaving you with a quick peck to the corner of your lips. You can only stare at him as he rushes away, dread pooling in your stomach for a reason you don't yet understand. That's the last time you ever see him. You didn't even know his name. (He dies thinking about you; it is the last comfort he will ever have, knowing that you have been there all along). Chapter 3 : sanctum - kylo ren Summary: There is no such thing as sanctum. Notes: Telepathy AU: You can communicate with your soulmate telepathically. “You are quiet tonight.” You let through a quiet noise of acknowledgement, but it is the only thing you give him. Truth be told, you have been quiet for months, distancing yourself from the thoughts and feelings the bond affords you. You are not surprised it has taken this long for him to notice; he always has been rather aloof, after all. “You still deny me? After everything?” You smile at that, bitter, shaking your head as you sink further into your cot. “I am not denying you anything,” you respond, idly. "You are denying me sanctum.” “Do not be dramatic,” you scoff. “ I have never been yours to keep as a safe place.” You can feel the ache in his words, and the hollowness echoes in your head. “ Is that not your job as my soulmate?” “I stand in your way, Lord. I am not your safe place; I am your burden.” Through your bond, you can feel him reaching for you, Kylo Ren. You will continue to deny him. He will continue to wait. Chapter 4 : beginnings - luke skywalker Summary: And that had been that. Notes: ManderlyMermaid: If you are still taking requests could you please do 8 with Luke Skywalker? Thank you! (Touch AU: You don’t know your soulmate until you touch them, skin on skin.) The first time he touches you, nothing happens. It's fleeting–a quick brush of his right hand over the skin of your shoulder, a polite excuse if anything at all, and that had been that. You had felt the warmth of his hand, had felt a deep sadness that had lasted all but a moment, and then you had continued with your day. The encounter had left a bitter taste in his mouth, but neither of you had thought much else, too preoccupied with the aftermath of the war you had won. It's months later, that you figure it out. This time it comes much simpler, the accidental brush of your right hand against his left as you tried to slip past hurriedly. And it lingered, the fire under your skin, the strange pulsing heat that gathered in your chest and spread to every corner of your body. Cliche as it was, everything stopped, and your world had closed until he was all that you saw. He smiled, big and bright, and he had pressed closer, chest almost touching yours. “I’m Luke. Luke Skywalker.” Your smile mirrored his, breathless and ecstatic, and you felt everything fall into place. You could only laugh, “I know.” And that had been that. Chapter 5 : enough - bodhi rook Summary: From the beginning until the end. *spoilers* Notes: EB: If you're still taking requests, I would LOVE to see number 4 with Bodhi Rook. Thanks!! I love what you're written so far. <3 (Similar Symbols AU: Everyone has a necklace/tattoo of a symbol and their soulmate's symbol matches.) He thanks the gods that he's found you. It is something that he never thought he'd be able to have, a soulmate, even though the mark has been on the inside of his wrist for as long as he can remember. He has always loved his soulmark, the small black bird locked in perpetual flight. It has always been, perhaps, his only source of comfort, knowing that even if he never got the chance to meet you, that you were somewhere out there, waiting for him. But he had been lucky, and he had found you. A flash of movement catches his eye, and Bodhi watches as a grenade is thrown into the ship where he hides. Cold resignation washes over him, and for a moment all he can think about is you. Time seems to slow then, as he stares at the bomb. Automatically, his fingers find purchase over the mark, your claim over him, and closes over it protectively. Bodhi Rook shuts his eyes and thinks about all he has endured; the empire, working with Galen Erso, finding you. And all at once, everything stops, the heat of the blast the last thing he will ever know. From the beginning until the end, he had loved you. That was enough for him. Back on Yavin IV, the mark behind your ear tingles, little jets of electricity shooting through your system as you oversee the battle on Scarif. A strange feeling washes over you, like you’d lost something important and you couldn't quite place what it was. It stops just as quick as it had started, and you think nothing else of it as you shift your attention back to directing orders. If only you had known. Chapter 6 : fade - clint barton Summary: He tells you his name every time you meet, but by the time you wake up, bleary and struggling to remember the shape of his brow and the curve of his nose, it has already slipped away, lost to the obscurity of dreams. Notes: Anonymus: How about a number 10 with Clint? (Dream AU: You can communicate with your soulmate through dreams.) The worst part about dreams is how quickly they are forgotten. All you know is that you dream about him frequently. You know how it works, the whole soulmate thing, so you're not afraid of him, even when he shows up bloodied and bruised and half-dead. It's always sort of hazy, the details, but you know that you think he's beautiful, and you know that he wants nothing more than to meet you. You know he has pretty blue eyes and his hair seems to be perpetually spiked, and he loves dogs and pizza and archery, for some strange reason. He tells you his name every time you meet, but by the time you wake up, bleary and struggling to remember the shape of his brow and the curve of his nose, it has already slipped away, lost to the obscurity of dreams. He likes to kiss you, even though it's only a dream. He says that he likes the taste of your lips, likes the feel of your skin under his hands, even though it's hazy, even though he knows he won't remember when he wakes. He promises that he’ll find you, no matter how long it takes, and you believe him. If only you'd remember him when you wake. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the for the reader, by the reader series