Leaving Home Finn was terrified for the first day of freshman year. Not only because he was going to be beginning his first day of high school, but he was moving away from his hometown. It had been two weeks since his mother’s passing, and Finn and his father were struck with grief. He felt so much guilt as he watched his father at night crying at his desk. His father to Finn was such a great man. Finn hated to see his dad mourning so deeply. His dad acted so happy around him, trying his best to pretend everything was normal, but he immediately broke down when he believed Finn wasn’t watching. Finn wished he could travel back in time and fix everything, fix the holes in his dad’s heart. Though, there was nothing he could do, which just made him feel worse. His father and he were done packing all of their materials in their home, and they were going to leave in around thirty minutes. They were moving from Burlington, Vermont to Centreville, Virginia which would be around a nine hour drive, if there was no traffic that is. Finn took out his phone and listened to his favorite song, Autumn Leaves by Ed Sheeran. The song had more meaning to him than ever before, especially after his mother’s passing. He wanted to stop grieving so much because he could only imagine all the people in the world living worse lives than him, but he couldn’t help but feel so terribly apart. After listening to the song, he couldn’t take it anymore. He cried on his bed, cried for his home. He didn’t want to leave. He had already said goodbye to his best friend, Slip. He had some bad memories here, but he had good memories. He had some memories worth living for. His dad, Lando Calrissian, walked up to Finn in his room, to see him crying. Lando was shocked and immediately felt he needed to help his son. “Finn?” Lando asked. “Is everything okay?” Finn looked up at his father before he answered, “Yeah, dad, everything is okay. Thanks.” “You don’t seem fine, what’s wrong?” “I just miss mom. I know I shouldn't say this to you because you probably miss her just as much or even more, but I can’t help but keep thinking about her. I want to see her again.” Lando hugged his son and kissed his forehead. “Son, did I ever tell you what happened when my mother and I met?” Finn brushed off his tears with his left sleeve. “I don’t think so.” “Well, I met her for the first time in college. I walked to my first class in my first day of college, and I saw her sitting in the desk right next to mine,” Lando said. “She then did something I never expected. She turned to me and said, “Hi. I’m Asha Atkins. Nice to meet you.” Then, she extended her hand out to shake mine. I was so shocked. She was just like you, Finn.” Finn was intrigued to the story Lando was telling him, and he crossed his legs, wanting to hear more. “Day by day, we grew closer, and I wanted to get to know her better. After a whole two years with classes with her, I asked her out on a date. We went on our first date together by driving to a plain open field and watching the stars at night. At some point during the date, I confessed I loved her. Only, she didn’t tell me she loved me back,” Lando said. “What did she tell you?” Finn asked. “If I know what love is, it’s because of you. If I don’t know the meaning of my existence, then I figured it out because of you. No one else can make me feel this way because you are my quest.” Finn looked at his father, dazed and completely moved. He always thought of his parents as heroes and now, they were starting to seem like superheroes to him. He started to realize how his parents did fall in love with each other, and the reason why he was here was because they fell in love. He started to realize how much his father and mother loved each other. He started to wonder if he would ever fall in love. Lando continued, “Right underneath the stars, she kissed me. She kissed me hard, and I just kissed her right back. Before I knew it, we were kissing over and over again, and we lost count of how much times we did it. After that night, our relationship quickly changed. We didn’t hesitate to get married right after college. Then, after two years, we had you. You popped out and jumped into our lives. You changed our lives forever. I’ll never forget the day when your mother gave birth to you. We were so stuck on giving you a name until your mom suggested Finn because a machine in the hospital had the serial number of FN-2187. Your mom was a great woman, and I know you’re grief-stricken. Just know I’m here for you, son, and I always will. I will never, ever let anyone hurt you.” Finn hugged his father again, crying as Lando patted his back. Finn said, “I don’t know if I’m strong enough to leave, father. I don’t know if I can handle this pain.” “Don’t worry, Finn. Pain is temporary, and it will go away soon. One day, when you’re all grown up, you’ll look back on days like this, and you’ll be so proud that you got through them. Because you survived. Don’t worry because you’ll make it through.” Finn vowed to never forget this day. He was going to remember Lando’s story and his words of wisdom, and he felt a little bit stronger. He was still conflicted, but he was ready to say goodbye. “Thank you, dad,” Finn said as he held his father’s hand. Finn and his father looked back one last time at their house as they boarded the car and drove away, not knowing what was awaiting them. Chapter 2 : Memories Summary: Finn meets Rey for the first time, and he sparks a friendship with her. He also meets Rey's two best friends, Poe and Jessika, and is starting to get used to the climate until he has an unexpected panic attack and has to run to hide his panic attack from his friends. Notes: Hello! How are you doing today? Hope you are well. Sorry for the long delay for the second chapter. I was thinking for a long time about how I wanted the direction of this story to go and spent lots of time thinking about it. I have decided fully on how I want the story to go, so I am happy to bring you the second chapter of the story. I may bring the third chapter out tomorrow. This chapter is heavy with characterization, so I apologize about that. I promise I will bring you more moments with Finn, Rey, Poe, and Jessika and that a lot of the upcoming chapters will not be as flashback oriented or exposition oriented. Thanks for coming here and enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) After the long car ride, Finn and Lando had reached their new home. Finn liked that it was spacious and comfortable, but he couldn’t help but still miss his old home, even though he just left it. The workers they hired were friendly and helped them move all of their luggage into the home. Finn took some time to look outside at the neighborhood. He found that the neighborhood was beautiful. There were trees full of vibrant green, the sky was clean with no clouds covering any of it on the particular day, and he could touch the branches of the trees and feel all of the bumps on it. A few days later, Finn was to go to his new high school because they were hosting a special event for all the high schoolers where they would cook them food, and they could receive their schedules and tour the school. Finn was very excited to go, but he wondered who was going to be in his classes. He hoped most of the people in this area are very friendly, but he couldn’t help but worry that he’ll face the same stresses as he did in the past again. When it was time to go, Lando dropped Finn off at the school, and Finn said, “I love you, Dad!” It was the same exact sentence he said to his dad every time they separated because Finn was always worried that if he was to die when his dad was gone, he wanted him to know how much he cared for him. Finn followed signs to a room, where volunteers were giving out schedules to students. Finn’s hands got sweaty, and he felt very anxious. When it was his turn to get his schedule, and the volunteer gave him his schedule, he quickly said a thank you and ran over to a corner to open it up. Since the school had seven periods, and the seventh period took place every day, he was glad it wasn’t P.E. He really disliked P.E. his whole life. He was happy with his schedule so far and didn’t dislike anything about it, but he was so busy looking at it that he accidentally bumped into a girl. Finn felt so guilty about the situation. “Ah! I’m sorry! I didn’t mean to do that. Are you okay?” Finn asked. The girl looked up at Finn, and they stared at each other for a moment until the girl replied, “Yeah, thanks.” They both stood up until Rey reached out his hand. Finn took it as they both stood up. He thought of this as a chance to make a new friend. “Hi, I’m Finn.” “Finn?” the girl asked. “It’s nice to meet you, Finn. My name is Rey.” “Rey?” Finn said. “That’s-” Finn suddenly realized how beautiful Rey looked. Finn was smitten, and he started to become a little shy. He never had been in such a situation before, and he wasn’t sure what he should say and how he should say anything. Rey was able to continue the conversation though as she asked, “Oh, Finn, maybe we have some classes together. We should check.” Finn found out that Rey and he were both in the same English and Orchestra class. Finn was happy about this as he felt as if he just made a new friend. He thought it would be nice to walk into classes on his first day and have at least one person he knew. Finn learned a lot about Rey in the time they just met. He found out Rey loved to sing and act, and he learned that Rey was a viola player. Rey and Finn were walking around the hallways until a boy called out Rey’s name. When Finn and Rey looked at the boy, he walked over to them with another girl by his side. Rey hugged both of them as they excitedly chattered on about their summers. Finn couldn’t help but form a smile as he watched all three of them together. The boy and the girl noticed Finn, and the boy asked, “Rey, I guess you met a new friend?” “Oh yeah!” Rey exclaimed. “Poe, Jessika, meet Finn.” “Hello,” Finn said as he shook both of their hands. “Finn, it’s nice to meet you,” Poe said. “Yeah, it is,” Jessika said. “Are you new around the neighborhood?” “Yes, I am. I moved here from Vermont around a few days ago,” Finn said. “That’s so cool!” Poe exclaimed. “How was Vermont?” “Well…” Finn said. “It was a very beautiful place to live in. There was lot of maple syrup and beautiful trees. It was a pleasant environment…” Finn suddenly heard a voice calling his name, and he jumped at the voice. “Where was the voice coming from?” Finn thought. The voice kept calling out his name, and he knew what was happening. He needed to find a room. He needed to get away. He didn’t want his new friends to think he was crazy. He started to run, not noticing the concerns on his new friends’ faces. He noticed a janitorial closet nearby. He ran inside and made sure he could lock the closet inside. He was sweating and panting, and he didn’t know what to do. Memories were starting to come back to him, and he wasn’t sure how he would stop crying. At the moment, he didn’t care. Tears rolled down his face, his sweat and tears covering his lips. His hands were on his forehead, trying to stop the pain from coming here. His memories were like flashes of light, flashing everywhere, halting time. His energy was falling, and he started to feel all disorientated. He could now hear faint voices of Rey, Poe, and Jessika calling his name, and he wanted to call their names back. He wanted to call Poe, Jessika, Rey, and his whole family. He wanted to see his mother again, and he wanted to see Slip again. He knew he wouldn’t ever see them again. No matter how much he wanted to, his wish wasn’t going to come true. He was lost in all of these tears and sweat, through all of this pain. He heard a nearby door open. His tears and sweat started to disappear from his face as he looked to see who it was. It was a teacher, or at least, Finn thought he was. It was a man, holding a thick book in his hand. “Are you okay, my boy?” the man asked. Finn took a couple of deep breaths before he responded, “I… I don’t know.” The man helped him out and helped him walk outside. He could see Poe, Rey, and Jessika’s faces, concerned with shock and questions. He wasn’t sure how he would ever be able to answer them. The man took him outside for fresh air, and Finn and the man sat on the bench near the entrance of the school. The man said, “Do you need your parents to pick you up?” Finn nodded as he realized he said the word, “parents”. Thinking of how he was missing his mom, he felt like crying again, but he tried his best to hold it in. He had to be stronger. He knew he had to be stronger. He had to be brave, for his father and for his mother. He knew he had to accept everything. He knew he had to accept the past, and the condition he had. There was no easy way out. He was too deep in the darkness to escape. The man asked Finn for his father’s phone number, and the man called Lando to pick him up. The last thing Finn saw before he fell asleep was a beautiful sunset across the sky with white-pearl birds flying in the air and his father’s hand reaching for his face as he said, “My boy.” Notes: Thank you so much for reading, and I hope you enjoyed this chapter! I'm sorry if this was not good, poorly written, or unenjoyable, I hope I can create better stories for you. If you want to criticize my work, please feel free to do so. I would like to improve as a writer, and I would appreciate your help. If you have any suggestions or questions, please feel free to add in them as well! Thanks again for reading, and have a good day! Chapter 3 : The First Day of High School Summary: Finn wakes up in the hospital from his panic attack, and Finn prepares for his first day of school. His first day of school is bound to be unlike any other first day of school he has ever had. Notes: Hello everyone! How are you all today? Hope you're well. Here is my third chapter for this story. I hope you guys enjoy it, and I apologize if you don't. By the way, Happy Martin Luther King, Jr. day! Happy late birthday to the man who gave everyone so much freedom. Enjoy! P.S. Even though this is an alternate universe in our modern setting, I made droids available as pets. I am aware this might not make sense, so sorry about that. I hope you're okay with that even though it will create a plot hole. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Finn woke up in a hospital, and he knew what was about to happen to him. His fear of needles had never gone away. As the doctor inserted a shot into his vein, he winced for a moment until the doctor took the needle away. The doctor was very friendly and asked Finn if everything was alright. Finn asked the doctor what happened to him, and the doctor told him that he had another panic attack. Apparently, he passed out right when his father came to pick him. After a day in the hospital, he was released from the hospital. Finn’s father was very supportive of Finn as he returned home. His father was worried for Finn. He knew day by day that Finn’s condition was getting worse. He was worried he would lose his son too, but he knew he had to be strong for his son. It would be Finn’s birthday the next day. Lando had a sweet surprise for Finn, and he was sure it would cheer him up. Lando wanted his son to stay though. He didn’t want him to leave, and he wondered sometimes if it was wrong of him to want his son to stay with him for the rest of his life. The next day, Finn woke up to see a box set on his desk. Finn went over to the box, and he realized the box was all wrapped up in blue gift wrap. He wondered what it was. The box was small, so he knew it couldn’t be a large gift. He opened it up, and he squealed in surprise. It was a new phone. His father never had enough money to get him a new phone. He had his iPhone 4S for a long time. A gift to him when he was in sixth grade, which was 3 years ago. It was always low on storage, though, and he always ran out of battery life. He loved the phone anyway. He was thankful for having one. His father had now gotten him a new phone, and he felt so overjoyed. He then started to worry about having the phone with me because he was worried he would damage his new phone or lose it. Lando watched his son in his joyful state and grinned. He was so happy to see Finn enjoy his gift because he knew his son was very into a new phone. Finn spent his last days before school started, studying. He prepped a lot for Biology as he expected that class to be his most difficult one. He was never particularly superb in science courses, and it was his weakest subject. He read about the first unit they would dive into on class on his computer. He read all the books he wanted to finish reading, and he studied lots of vocabulary to prepare for standardized testing and English class. Before he knew it, it was the first day of school. He prepared his backpack and hugged Lando telling him he loves him before he left, his routine. He walked to the bus stop, feeling fresh and happy. He realized he never asked Poe and Jessika if they were in any of his classes. He sure hoped they were. He knew he would see Rey today because they had to go to all of their odd classes as their class ran on a block scheduling. Seventh period (World History for him) would be the only class he would have every day. He never realized there were so many high schoolers in his neighborhood, but his stop was filled with high schoolers. He tried greeting each one of them, but most of them were too preoccupied talking to their friends and talking about classes to them. When the bus came, Finn sat in the front seat next to the window. No one sat next to him until he saw two people he recognized come on the bus. It was Poe and Jessika. He was never so surprised or so relieved to see two people. He had friends. He really had friends. “Poe! Jessika! Hey!” Finn shouted. “Hey, Finn!” both of them exclaimed as they sat across an aisle from him. “So, how are you doing, buddy?” Poe asked. Finn loved how they talked to him like they had known him for years. It made him feel special, and he never felt in such a way before. Besides Slip, no one in school really talked to him in such a positive way. He didn’t really have much people to look up to. Thankfully, they also didn’t ask about the panic attack which made him feel at ease. Maybe, they forgot about the whole situation. “I’m doing well, thanks. Are you guys excited for school to start?” Finn said. “Oh, I’m not ready for school to start. I’m going to be counting the days till school ends!” Jessika exclaimed. After Finn asked them, he found out Poe and Jessika had a lot of classes with him. Poe had the same P.E., Orchestra, World History, and English as him while Jessika was in his Biology, Orchestra, and World History class. They talked excitedly on the bus about what they wanted to do when they first stepped into the school. Since for Finn and Jessika both had Biology first period, they decided to go to their classroom together. They looked at the map Poe found on the school and planned out how they would make it to class on time. Poe was going to go to his world language class first, so he was going somewhere different. Finn found it hard to tell Poe good bye, but he ended up having to as Jessica and he headed toward their first class in such a big school. Finn and Jessica were actually pleasantly surprised that most of the kids were similar sizes to them. They expected to see lots of people who would be so much larger than them that it would scare them. However, the opposite occurred. They felt as if they were in middle school except the school just had two thousand more people. When they reached the Biology teacher, there was a man standing in front of the classroom, who greeted them in. “Come in kids! Have a seat,” the teacher said. Finn and Jessika looked around to see assorted amounts of desks. Finn loved to sit in the front of the classroom, so he went for the closet, center seat he could find. Jessika looked a looked a little hesitant to follow, but she followed him and sat next to him. A few more kids came in as time went by, but one kid stuck out to Finn. A boy walked in at some point, and he was different from anyone Finn had seen before. He wore complete black robes and black pants. Everything he had was black. He even had a black mask covering his face, and he wondered what was behind the mask. He wondered why this boy wore a mask on his face in the first place. Was it something his parents had given him? Was it special to him? He started to wonder the meaning of the mask, and the meaning of all his black items. When the late bell rang, the Biology teacher began the lesson, but Finn was distracted because he kept wondering about the mask the boy was wearing. He looked over to the boy to see that he wasn’t paying attention to what the teacher was saying. He was too busy reading a comic book. Finn tried to brush off his thoughts and pay attention to the teacher. He knew he had to pay attention to the teacher to understand the material, but the boy’s mask kept consuming his thoughts. When first period was over, Jessika and he separated ways because they had a different third period. Thankfully, Finn knew he would meet Poe in English, his third period, so that eased him. When he went to the class, there was a man he recognized. The teacher was the man who helped him during the open house when he got the panic attack. He knew he should thank him for all his help as he walked over to the teacher and said, “Mr. thank you for helping me the other day.” “You’re welcome,” the teacher said. “I am glad to have helped you. I am Mr. Skywalker.” “Nice to meet you, Mr. Skywalker. My name is Finn,” Finn said. “Finn,” Mr. Skywalker said as he thought. “What is your last name?” “Calrissian,” Finn said. “Oh!” Mr. Skywalker exclaimed. “I know your father. He is one of my best friend’s best friends. Han Solo’s best friend. He is a great man. I am glad you have a great father. I have heard about your mother, and I’m sorry. She was a great person.” Finn really liked Mr. Skywalker already. He always loved English, and he was glad now he was going to have such a great teacher. “Thank you, Mr. Skywalker,” Finn said. “Thank you very much.” Finn sat down at the desk next to Poe. Poe was sitting in the back, drawing a sketch about his pet droid, BB-8. “What is that?” Finn asked. “Sorry to ask.” “Oh, no problem, Finn. That is my pet droid. His name is BB-8, he’s a year old, and I got him from a droid dealer,” Poe said. “There’s droid dealers around here?” Finn asked. “Yeah, they’re hard to find them, but if you look for them, there’s actually five dealers around our homes,” Poe replied. “Whoa! That’s awesome. Maybe, I should go look for a droid,” Finn said. Luke Skywalker started the class by going over the syllabus and then handing out the first book that the class was going to read. Lord of the Flies by William Golding. Finn had heard of the book before, but he had never read it. He wondered what it was better. He always thought it was about a banker who had financing problems, but he suspected something else now that he saw the cover of the book. Luke assigned them the first two chapters to read for homework and right after, he chilled with all the students and chatted with them, answering any question that they had for him. Poe wanted to ask him if he could get an A by giving tons of his food, but he realized that it wouldn’t be a question he should asked. Finn wanted to ask a question about what his mother was like, but he knew it was a bad idea because he was nervous everyone in his classes would treat him differently. To him, one of the best things about moving away from Vermont was that he wouldn’t need to face all the ridicule and bullying he encountered about him being different from everybody else or for being strange. He could start over and be a new person now, create an all new him. He thought that this was the best thing that happened to him in his transition of moving away, and he wasn’t sure if it was worth taking the risks. Finn wondered if maybe he should stay behind after class to ask him, but he was worried it would be impolite to ask him such a question, especially after how polite Mr. Skywalker was to him. When the bell rang to switch classes, it was time for Finn and Poe to go to lunch. He walked out of the class without finding an answer he really wanted to discover, and he started to feel this giant hole in his chest. He had so much things on his mind from the boy with the black robes and mask and more questions about his mother. Poe and Finn found a lunch table in the cafeteria. Poe gave Finn his phone number, and he told him that he was going to invite Rey and Jessika over. He liked that he was going to be able to talk to Rey again. He hadn’t seen her yet since his panic attack, and he knew it had only been around five days since the panic attack but something about that seemed strange. He felt as if it had been years since he last spoke to Rey. When Rey and Jessika came over, Rey suddenly got a giant smile on her face when she saw Finn. Finn was all healthy and okay. “Finn! You’re okay!” Rey exclaimed. Finn blushed with sudden butterflies. He didn’t know that Rey was worried about him. He actually thought she may have forgot who he was, but she remembered his name. “Rey! It’s so good to see you again,” Finn said. Now that they all had met up together, and Finn knew he was going to be handle all the questions they asked, Rey, Poe, and Jessika were able to find out a lot about Finn. They learned about his father and how he was a politician but since he wasn’t in any office positions, he worked for an organization in the East Coast. Finn told them about how his father had ran for the state legislature in his district, but he lost the election to his opponent by four votes. He told them how his mother was a computer programmer at her office. He also told them how his best friend back in Vermont was a guy named Slip, and he was a very friendly guy that Finn had stuck by since they were first graders. Finn told them how he was a swimmer, and he loved to swim. During that conversation, he found out Rey was a swimmer as well which surprised both of them. In return, Finn found out a lot about all three of his new people. Poe was very into engineering and flying. He loved planes and wanted to become a pilot when he grew up. Poe’s mother and father were both pilots, and his father used to be part of the Air Force. Jessika was also into flying and engineering, and her mother was an elementary school teacher in another county and her father was a computer programmer, just like Finn’s mother. He found out Poe and Jessika both were violin players, just like Finn was, and he found out that Rey, Poe, and Jessika all known each other since they were around seven years old. Finn felt more alive than ever before because he didn’t remember having such a nice conversation in such a long time. Most of his conversations were about his disorders, his passing of his mother, and moving away. Poe asked Finn if he would like to come with them to his house to hang out after school and even do homework together. Finn thought this was a great deal, and he accepted immediately. He knew he would have to tell his father later, but he knew he would probably say yes. When fifth period Spanish came, none of his new friends were in the class with him, but he was so excited to go to Poe’s house that he couldn’t stop fidgeting in his seat. Thankfully, his Spanish teacher and classmates did not notice. When his last period of the day, World History came, he was so happy because he could see all of his friends and because the school day would be over in fifty minutes. It was just a little bit more time until he could hang out with all his friends. When he walked in, he saw a man that he recognized. He knew he saw him before when he was really young at a party, but he didn’t know his name. He saw Rey reading a book to herself, and Finn looked at her. Finn could see her beautiful eyes and face. He kept trying to stop staring at her because he didn’t want to impolite, but he found that he couldn’t stop staring at her face. When Finn sat down next to Rey, he gave a shy greeting. He felt terrible right afterward because he was worried the greeting sounded too quiet. Rey didn’t seem to mind though because she just replied the same way. Finn and Rey sat there in silence for a few moments, but Finn realized that if he wanted to connect with Rey, he needed to do something. He never really felt so attached to a person before, if he didn’t count this one time he wrote a valentine to a girl in fourth grade and got profoundly rejected. He didn’t even know if he was really attracted to the girl in fourth grade because Finn felt as if he may have a huge crush on Rey. Finn didn’t understand why because he just met Rey. He didn’t know enough about her yet; therefore he didn’t understand the sudden crush he was developing. Either way, he knew he had to talk to Rey to become better friends. “What are you reading, Rey?” Finn asked. “Oh, I’m reading a book called Wonder,” Rey answered. Finn realized by looking at the cover carefully that Rey was reading his favorite book. “Wow! That book is my favorite one,” Finn said. “Is it really?” Rey replied. “That’s neat. I really love this book so far too. I think it could become my favorite book.” “That’s nice,” Finn said. Finn was worried that the conversation was getting too awkward, so he decided to change the topic. He hoped he was doing this right. “How was your first day of school so far?” Finn asked. Rey said, “It’s been going really well so far. Thanks for asking, Finn. I really enjoyed English class. The teacher I have, Mr. Skywalker, seems really nice.” “I have him too. He seems really nice to me too. He helped me a lot before during open house.” “Oh, was it that time… when…” “Yeah, when I ran into the closet.” Finn wasn’t sure what to say next because he was worried that he ruined the moment. He got mad at himself for constantly worrying about everything he was saying and doing in front of Rey, but he couldn’t help it. He didn’t want her to judge him, and the thought of Rey judging him made his chest tied in knots. Rey seemed to not care much because she immediately changed the topic. “Apparently Mr. Solo, his wife, and Mr. Skywalker used to travel around the United States, giving speeches and trying to create a revolution.” “Mr. Solo?” “He’s our teacher for this class.” “Mr. Skywalker and Mr. Solo? Together? It makes sense now. He did tell me Mr. Solo was one of his best friends.” Poe and Jessika walked in right after Finn’s statement and class began. Mr. Solo started talking about how he was happy to be a teacher this year, and he talked about it was his first year teaching and that he was going to try his best to follow the standards of the county. Mr. Solo stopped for a moment when he saw Finn because he realized that Lando’s son was in his class. His whole body stopped functioning for a split second, and he felt this pang of guilt. He knew what Lando and Finn had recently gone through, and he felt terrible that he had to go through such thing. Han realized that his son had not appeared in class yet when he was supposed to be here. He looked around for a moment to see if he just missed eye contact with his son until the classroom door opened. His son was there. “Ben,” Mr. Solo said. “Buddy, you can’t keep going to class late.” “I know. You don’t have to tell me,” Ben said. Finn realized who the boy with the mask was. His name was Ben. Ben. He watched as Ben took a seat next to his friends and he. He didn’t have any of his stuff, and he was completely wet for some reason. It appeared Jessika had the same question as he did. “Ben, why are you wet?” Jessika asked. “I told you guys to call me Kylo Ren,” Ben ordered. “Alright, Kylo Ren. Why are you wet?” Jessika said. “I’ll tell you three later,” Ben said until he looked over to see Finn for the first time. “Who is he?” “Oh, he’s our new friend! His name is Finn!” Rey cheered. “Finn, meet Ben, or Kylo Ren.” “I saw you in Biology. Nice to meet you, Kylo Ren,” Finn said. “Yeah, yeah, nice to meet you, Finn,” Ben said. Right once school ended, Poe, Jessika, and Finn got in their bus but had to separate with Rey and meet her later because she rode a different bus. Finn wondered what Poe’s house would be like. He also remembered how Poe told him about how he had a pet droid. He wondered what the droid was like too. He wondered what his community was like, and he wondered so much that he started to wonder what the meaning of all of his questions were. Finn knew he was overthinking, so he tried to stop overthinking about all of his questions. In time, Finn was going to get the best time he’s ever had in awhile, and he felt no remorse for being excited holding a sly, smile on his face. Notes: Thank you everyone for reading, and I hoped you enjoyed it! This one was a bit rushed, and I put a lot of words in this chapter. I may have to stop rushing content now because I am worried that I will not write the story properly. If there is anything you disliked, please feel free to tell me. I would like to become a better writer and learning from my mistakes would make me feel happy. Have a good day! Notes: I hope you enjoyed this story, and I apologize if this is not a good story or if it's not the proper taste for you all. I did say this in the beginning, however, the story is not over yet and will be continued. If there is any criticism or something you don't like, it is okay to bash me out in the comments. I would love to learn from you all on how to become a better writer. Thank you so much for reading, and I hope you have a great day!