Sometimes, if he pressed his eyes shut with enough conviction, Poe would swear he felt the force emanate up from base of the tree. Having watched the tree sprout from twig to giant over his childhood, Poe had begun to measure time in his mind with the growth of the trunk. Wrapping his hands around the base he committed to memory the size of the tree today, the memory of the day his mother died. That very memory, specifically of her broken body, haunted Poe. Once the strongest woman in his world, it was in the final months of her life that the illness consumed her physical appearance. She became a distorted version of her previous self, a mouth once used to regale soaring tales became labored by shallow breaths. Deep blue bags sunk beneath her eyes, veins aggressively rose to the tops of her swollen feet and hands. Despite her failing health, Poe’s father would remark on Shara’s stunning beauty daily whilst feathering kisses on her crown. Kes Dameron now was away charge of arranging the funeral of his beautiful wife. Poe fled to the tree to avoid assisting him in his task. He much preferred lying in the barren shade where hw could allow his mind to drift off to the sky, a luxury not afforded to him when standing in the company of fellow mourners and well-wishers. ~ As soon as he began to grasp the concept of flight, Poe begged his mother to take him up. “Take me up there with you Mommy. Show me where the stars begin.” Kes, reluctant to see his only son speed off into the horizon, urged Shara to delay. “Wait till he’s older, he’s going to want to remember this moment….” Between Poe’s enthusiasm and her own anticipation at the thought of introducing Poe to her other life, when Poe was 6 Shara swooped him up into her old Alliance A-Wing. It was in the seat of that craft that a new era of her sons life began. That was the memory Poe chose to remember laying there in the wake of his mothers death. It was harvest season, and the light seemed to purvey past the horizon and into the beyond. As Shara cradled Poe in her lap, he wound his fingers around the harness, his eyes tracking the various switches and buttons Shara relayed in the cockpit. Preparing to takeoff, he willed his eyes to look out and meet the gaze of his father, face split in a smile despite the overall concern emanating from his general direction. “Are you ready baby?”, his mother asked him. “Yes mommy,” he whispered. “Hold on.” With that they rose from the ground and surged forward. Poe sat enraptured with the sites around him, with the ground blurred green and the welcoming blue of the sky. They explored beyond into areas of the planet he had not seen previously, lands that reached far beyond the confines of the family farm. Had that ridge there in the distance always stood so low? What once seemed infinite looked as though he could cusp it in the palms of his hands. The world at his finger tips, just lying beneath the craft. Shara smiled knowingly at her son’s enthusiasm, taking great pride in having introduced him to his first love. ~ Poe woke in his father’s arms, but instead of protesting he closed his eyes once more and succumbed to a shallow slumber. When he awoke again, he was lying on the divan. Swinging his legs over the edge, he walked to find his father in his room who looked deep in thought. “Papa?” “Oh good you’re awake. All the arrangements have been made and we’ve decided to go ahead with the ceremony tonight. We’re going to need to leave within the hour,” at Poe’s hesitation he added, “This isn’t up for debate. Your mother needs for you to be there.” “That isn’t mom. She’s gone... I don’t want to go.” “Like I said, this isn’t up for debate. You need to say goodbye.” “I’ve already said my goodb…” “Do this for me Poe. Look, I could use your support on this. It’s just you and me now; we’ve got to stick together. ” Kes could see the anger settle in son so he made a gamble and walked forward to wrap his arms around his boy. It paid off as his son settled into the hug and they took the moment for themselves. After some time had passed, the pair gathered themselves and set off for the funeral ceremony. ~Two Years Later~ Poe was mucking around in the garage when his father walked in. “Poe, we have to talk.” “Look don’t believe a word Ketha says. There was never any blaster and I swear that transports side was damaged long before I stepped near it.” Kes chuckled, “I haven’t heard anything from Ketha and from the sounds of things I believe you best hope she doesn’t come around seeking compensation. That’ll be coming out of your fly time.” “But dad…” “Not now Poe. Look, I came in here with something to do and I’m going to do it. I have something from your mother and I think that its time I gave it to you.” Curious, Poe slid down from his perch and approached his father. Once he got close, his father took one knee and said, “Look Poe. I’ve been putting this off for some time to let you regain some stability in your life after your mother’s death… But to be honest, I was also being selfish too. I think I also needed to regain some stability. But it’s time I rectified myself.” In his hand was a holochip. He held out in front of Poe and said, “There are things your mother and I felt necessary to keep from you until you were older. I promised her that I would let her tell you when we deemed it time. Well, it’s time.” He placed it in Poe’s hand and kissed him on the forehead. Kes finished with, “Poe, no matter what, always remembers that I’m your father.” And with that, Kes left the room and a concerned Poe. After a moments pause, he walked over and activated the holochip on the workbench. His mother appeared before him, young and unscathed by illness. “Poe baby, this is your mother. Look if you’re watching this, it means I wasn’t there to tell you this in person. I am so sorry that this had to happen this way. I hope things are going well with farm and with you and your father. I wanted to be the one to tell you this, so I am recording this as a worst-case measure. “Back your father and I met, we were young and in the middle of a conflict so great, that the alliance stood as the focal point of our lives. Before we met, your father was engaged to another woman and I was involved with another soldier. His name was Cassian Andor.” She paused and for a brief moment. “Cassian was a brilliant intelligence officer. He had fought previously in the Clone Wars and we met when we were both serving the Alliance. He was good man baby…. and he’s also your real father. Cassian was a true hero. He was handsome and crass and dedicated to the cause. We both fought in the Battle of Scarif, and he died on land acquiring the plans for the Death Star at the hands of the Death Star. You were conceived briefly before then. After the battle, and before I knew I was having you, I met Kes and immediately fell for him. I was devastated and broken after Cassian’s death. Kes helped put me back together. He broke off his engagement for me and at the discovery of my pregnancy we married in secret. “Poe, I am sorry for the secrecy. Know that I love you and the decision to wait in telling you was necessary. Look, I know this is all very sudden, but remember that Kes has raised you. But genetically, Cassian Andor is your father. Oh I wish I were there right now to hold you, but know that I love you unconditionally no matter what. Wherever I am right now Poe, I’m watching you from there. Take care of your father.” The hologram cut out and Poe, after a moments pause, ran out of the garage and into the fields. Notes: Not beta-d so go easy on me. yes, this story will go back to explore shara/cassian. I am not overly familiar with shara/kes's storyline, however, I will try my best to stay 'canon' with them after the events of Scarif.