The house was about to explode, and Poe along with it. He was hungry, exhausted, and so angry with himself that he would kick his own butt several times, had he only a moment to spare. Out of all moronic, irresponsible things he could have done he of course had to forget that the social services were scheduled for a visit on Thursday, not Friday. How did it happen given all the reminders he’d set was beyond him. But right now the house looked like a battlefield, all foster-related documents were missing in action, BB-8 was yowling locked in Poe’s bedroom and probably tearing his curtains in shreds, and Kū was… Stars above, Kū was probably hidden in her bedroom shaking with fear. With a sigh he kicked the vacuum cleaner back into the closet and knocked lightly on Kū’s white door. “Hey, little one,” he called softly when no reply came. “Are you safe in your fortress?” “No,” came a muffled reply. When she first came here, Kū was so unsure of the surroundings that she hid in various nooks of the house, most of which weren’t actually the safest places for a kid. After he found her curled against the vacuum cleaner in the closet, Poe bought some sheets and strings, and together they built a tent of sorts over Kū’s bed. It was her fortress, in which she could hide safely and he promised her never to intrude. But now she wasn’t there which was more unnerving that everything else today. “Where are you, then? Can I come in?” “No. No one can come in!” “Kū, kiddo. Social services are not here to take you away,” he said for what felt like thousandth time. But frustrating as it was, he couldn’t blame her, not really. Poe himself couldn’t shake this fear off, and he was the grown-up one here. “Ms Phasma just wants to talk with us for a while, to make sure that you are happy.” He sighed again and leaned his forehead on the doorframe. If only were it so simple. Heavens, he was so unprepared for this. “No one will take you away, I promise. I won’t let them. But I need to come in to check if you are safe.” “Okay.” He entered the room and scanned all the usual places – bed fortress, writing desk, armchair – but Kū wasn’t there. He was just about to call her when he saw the slightly ajar wardrobe door, and there she was, curled up and almost invisible under the pile of clothes. Her eyes were red and puffy, but she wasn’t crying; her mouth was set in a thin line. “I’m not letting them take you away either,” she whispered as Poe scooped her up in his arms. “We’ll run away and hide together. Promise?” “Promise, little one. But we’ll have to go back for BB-8, we need someone to defend us!” Kū nodded and hugged him closer, and Poe would be happy with just that. But Ms Phasma was due in a few minutes and if he didn’t make his kid and his living room at least somewhat presentable, they would indeed need someone to defend them. “Look, I need your help. Go to my room, let BB-8 out, and play with her for a moment, okay? I think her ball is under the…” Then the doorbell rang, at least three times louder that it usually did. Or at least it seemed so. Poe gave Kū the most reassuring smile he could muster, and she smiled too, even though her mouth was a bit wobbly. “I’ll bring BB-8,” she whispered, nodded to herself, and ran off. With one last glance at the chaos that was his living room Poe squared his shoulders, went to the door, and opened them, only to find a sharply dressed door-to-door salesman at his threshold. “Can I help you?” he asked, trying and probably failing not to sound unpleasant. The guy looked at him, then at some papers which he clutched under his arm, and then at him again. Then he patted his pocket nervously and produced an ID badge out of it. “Good afternoon sir, my name is Finnegan Jones and I’m a social services counsellor, ID number FN-2187. I have an appointment with Mr Poe Dameron,” he recited, flashing his badge in Poe’s face. The speech sounded rehearsed, and the counsellor himself looked as if he could faint any moment now. Poe wasn’t sure what to do with it – he was expecting Ms Phasma, who had been guiding him through the whole process. She was a heartless, terrifying bureaucrat, sure, but at least she was familiar. This guy here was – unsettling, to say the least. “Can I come in?” “Of course. I’m Poe Dameron,” he said, reaching his hand out for a handshake. Mr Jones tried to do the same, but he still clutched his badge, so there was an excessive amount of fumbling before they could greet properly. “Please come this way. I’ll, uh, I’ll bring you some water.” What the hell, he thought, pouring the water for them and for Kū. Why on Earth would they send to him such a green counsellor, probably just out of school? Because he was so good, or so screwed that they didn’t want to waste their actual qualified staff? Well, there was only one way to find out. “Stay calm, stay calm,” he heard Mr Jones talking as he approached the room. Immediately he looked out for Kū, but she wasn't there. “I am calm,” he replied, setting his tray on the table. Mr Jones jumped slightly in his seat and Poe could swear he started to blush. “I was, uh... I was talking to myself,” he admitted, looking away and yes, certainly blushing. Stars above, Poe thought, the kid was infuriating. Kind of cute too, with his huge eyes and sheepish smile, but mostly infuriating. “I am really...” he trailed off, took a deep breath, and straightened up in a failed attempt to look professional. “I am ready to start our session now, Mr Dameron. So, how's Kū settling in?” “Well, I think,” Poe said with a nod and closed his eyes for a second. It's not like he rehearsed a speech, he didn't need that to talk about Kū, but he might have prepared a few points to mention to the counsellor. Now the problem was to remember them all. “She is much calmer, doesn't try to hide so much around the house or run away when she feels unsure. We talk a lot now, she is much more open than at the beginning. And the cat helps too, they're inseparable and it makes Kū relaxed.” While it wasn't the whole truth – Kū still needed her safe places very much, and she didn't talk a lot by any stretch of imagination – Poe didn't feel like he'd lied. She was calmer and happier than before, they both were doing better, and he wouldn't have this greenie here leaving with any wrong impressions. “I'm happy to hear that, really. I was afraid that…” Jones glanced at the stack of papers, reached for them, but then withdrew his hand. Poe wasn’t sure what to make of it. “Has her sleeping pattern improved? And how about the nightmares?” “She still has them sometimes,” Poe admitted with a slight wince. This wasn’t easy. She woke up screaming, or worse, didn’t wake up and just thrashed on her bed, whimpering. “But I’m a light sleeper, I usually hear if there’s something going on. And the cat helps, really.” “The cat?” Jones blinked at him, as if unsure what Poe meant. Seriously, the guy might be cute, but he didn’t seem the brightest one of the lot. “Do you mean that the cat sleeps on Kū’s bed?” “Is this something wrong?” “No, of course not, I just… Anyway, if she’s better, then... Um… Do you think I could… Hey, what’s this smell?” “It’s just – shit, that’s the dinner!” Poe could swear that he’d set the timer when he put the casserole into the oven, but apparently he didn’t, and the damn thing not only burned, but started to give out a foul stench and even some smoke. He took it out, burning the side of his left hand, hissed out a nasty swearword under his breath and threw the dish into the sink. The burn throbbed, the whole house smelled, and this day was officially the worst. “Sorry for that, I forgot to set the timer, I don’t usually… do that,” he added after a pause. Mr Jones, who was quickly filling in some forms and marking endless columns of checkboxes, looked up at him, his gaze focused and searching. Poe curled up his fists, doing his best not to squirm, and couldn’t but hiss at the sting of the burn. “You were saying?” “You’ve burned yourself, please take care of it,” Jones said instead, firmly but not unkindly. “Then I’d like to speak with Kū, if she’s up to it.” The last part seemed to be directed more towards the hall than to Poe, which was weird but not more so than the other things Jones did. “Seriously,” he added, giving Poe a smile which, for the first time, was neither unsure nor apologetic. “At least put it under the cold water for a while.” Poe acquiesced, and he even found some cooling ointment in the junk drawer. What happened, he wondered, applying it. Did he take pity because of the goddamn casserole? The sharp scent of menthol mingled with the fetor of burned food, creating a truly appalling mixture, so he hurried out of the kitchen and paused in the living room door, seeing Kū hanging in the doorframe on the other side of the room. She didn’t notice him, focused completely on Mr Jones, who was watching her with a smile on his face. BB-8, squished in her arms, gave out a quiet hiss of warning. “Go away,” Kū demanded with a pout. “BB-8 will scratch you if you try to take me away.” “I don’t want to take you away, I promise.” Mr Jones’ voice was suddenly free of the nervous tremble, and the gestures of his hands – slow, placating – seemed absolutely controlled. “I will do everything so you can stay here. But first I want to get to know you better. Is that all right?” “Yes,” Kū agreed, and after a moment she put the cat on the floor. “But BB-8 first.” BB-8 walked slowly towards Mr Jones, keeping her distance; Poe could see that Kū’s eyes were trained on the cat, observing each sway of the tail. Huge, orange-and-white striped and with a tear in her right ear, BB-8 didn’t look like a perfect pet for a child. Poe couldn’t but wonder if there was a place for her in Mr Jones’ forms and checkboxes too. Finally, when the cat was within his reach, Mr Jones leaned towards her and extended his hand. BB-8 sniffed it, paused for a moment, and then patted it with her paw a few times, gauging the reaction. With a small nod Kū produced the cat ball from her pocket and rolled towards her, which got the cat’s attention immediately. “You can play with her now,” she allowed Mr Jones, with the air of a queen granting a great favour. “You can throw her a ball, like this.” “That’s great!” Poe wanted to intervene, but before he uttered a word, Mr Jones knelt down on the floor – the floor which Poe didn’t vacuum before, covered with crunches, cat fur, bits of Crayola, and any other dirt known to mankind – reached for the ball and threw it towards BB-8. The cat leaped towards it, and Kū clapped her hands. They played for a few moments – Poe couldn’t not notice how Mr Jones’ elegant slacks looked more and more like a furry costume with every passing minute – and finally Kū threw a ball just over BB-8’s head so well that the cat caught it mid-flight. “Did you see that? Did you see that!? Now that was a great throw and a great catch!” Mr Jones exclaimed with a huge grin plastered on his face, and to Poe’s delight Kū smiled a little too. “Can I come visit you again to play with you and BB-8? It was fun!” “Yes,” Kū agreed, scooping up the cat again and retreating towards the hall. Mr Jones waved at her until she disappeared, and then scrambled up and turned to Poe. He was still smiling, and Poe couldn’t but smile back at that. “You are good with kids,” he said before he could stop himself. What a stupid thing to say to someone who worked with children every day. Besides, now Jones could think that he wanted to manipulate him or something like this. But instead of getting angry, Jones coloured up and looked away again. “Yeah,” he agreed with a shrug. “Pretty hopeless with the rest of the stuff though. I mean, uh – I shouldn’t have said that.” There was nervousness in his movements again, and he looked at his papers as if they could save him somehow. “I’ll just… There’s the report from the visit that needs to be confirmed, so I’ll send it to you later today. And, yeah, the next visit needs to be scheduled, but…” “Wait, that’s it?” Poe interrupted, disbelieving. It couldn’t be true, it couldn’t just work like this, not for him. “That’s the assessment? Do I – do I get to keep her?” he added in a small voice. He must have walked towards Mr Jones without realising it, because they were inches away now, with Poe’s hands grasping Jones’ forearms. It took a surprising amount of effort to withdraw them. “I am not here to take her away, Mr Dameron, I promise.” It was exactly what Mr Jones told Kū, said in exactly the same placating voice, but instead of irritated Poe felt strangely reassured. He didn’t know this man at all, but he didn’t look like someone who would lie to a child, so maybe he wasn’t lying to Poe right now either. “I am here to make sure that Kū has a happy, loving home. I am here to help you keep her and take care of her.” It was as if he let out air he didn’t he’d been holding in his lungs. Poe suddenly felt dizzy and weak around his knees, and he had to sit down for a while. Mr Jones was watching him intently as he collected his papers; there was a frown on his face instead of a smile, but Poe was too relieved to worry about that now. “The mandatory visit of a counsellor should be made at least once a month, but given the previous reports about Kū’s progress and her foster care history, I’d recommend short weekly visits, at the beginning at least, so I can monitor her situation better,” said Mr Jones, jotting something down. “Will that work for you?” “Yeah, yes, of course.” Still in the haze of his victory, Poe didn’t really pay much attention to what was happening around him. He nodded and smiled, and even wrote down the date at Mr Jones’ request. Only when he was opening the front door his mind snapped back to the reality enough to ask a question that was bothering him the whole time. “Mr Jones, could you tell me – why Ms Phasma didn’t come here today? She was our counsellor during the acceptance process, so I thought…” “Do you…” Jones paused, looking suddenly pained, as if Poe’d hit him straight in the gut. But after a moment he cleared his throat and continued, in a stronger voice, “would you prefer Ms Phasma to be your regular counsellor, Mr Dameron? All our employees are equally qualified to provide support to the families in our care, but of course a change of the regular counsellor can be arranged, if you so require.” For some reason Poe was sure that this phrase was well-rehearsed as well. “No, of course not,” he said, and reached out his hand. “I look forward to our next meeting, Mr Jones.” Which, to his own surprise, wasn’t entirely a lie. Whoever he truly was and whatever his intentions were, this guy here didn’t seem to be his enemy. But still, as soon as the door closed behind Mr Jones, Poe leaned against them with a heavy sigh, relishing in the feeling of the absolute relief. “Kū, do you want pasta with tomato sauce for dinner?” he called, grinning to himself like a madman. He couldn’t keep it from his face. He did it. He tricked them all and got to keep Kū, and now maybe he even found an ally. * He couldn’t move. The seatbelts were strangling him, the door was locked, Muran was dying beside him, covered in blood. The goddamn car could blow up every second, he had to call for help, he had to save him, and he couldn’t move, couldn’t move, couldn’t move… Suddenly there was a noise and he sat up, panting heavily, and looked around. He was in his bedroom, and the house was eerily quiet in the grey light of an early morning. It took him a moment to shake off the panic from the dream and only then he saw Kū hovering in the door. “Hi, little one,” he whispered, voice hoarse. Did he cry out in his sleep so loud? “I’m sorry I woke you up.” “Did you have a nightmare?” Kū asked, taking a few steps in his direction. He nodded, and tried to give her a reassuring smile. Each time he comforted her after bad dreams he promised her that they never lasted, and she shouldn’t worry about them afterwards; now he had to live up to his own words. “It was a bad dream, but I’ll be fine. Don’t worry and go back to bed, kiddo.” Kū nodded and disappeared in the darkness of the hall. With a deep sigh Poe leaned back on his pillow and covered his face with his palm, forcing his thoughts away from the nightmare. He couldn’t let himself relive it now; he had to focus on the day ahead. Hell, he could even get up right now and do something useful, like working on his project or scrubbing the casserole dish, for example. But then he heard patter of bare feet on the floor and something warm and heavy was dropped on his stomach, pushing all the air out of his lungs for a moment. “Ow, BB-8, get off of my bladder,” he groaned as the cat started to knead his blanket immediately, readying herself for another nap. Kū stood beside his bed, watching him closely, so he didn’t dare push BB-8 away. “It’s good to cuddle her after a nightmare,” she explained, and he hated the air of experience behind this statement. Then, after a long pause, Kū patted his head awkwardly, pressing his hair to his forehead. “Don’t cry, it’s just a dream,” she said seriously, and marched out of his bedroom without looking back. Poe listened closely to the small sounds in Kū’s bedroom, gritting his teeth as BB-8 kneaded his stomach mercilessly. Taking deep breaths, he tried to calm down and fall asleep again, but Kū’s visit made him almost as agitated as the nightmare. After a while it became obvious that he wouldn’t sleep again; he snatched BB-8, despite her screeching protests, and deposited her at the door of Kū’s bedroom. She shot him a murderous glance and wandered straight to the bed fortress, where Kū was sleeping curled up in a ball. His phone showed almost 5 AM, which was early but not absurdly so, thus his boss would not nag him for keeping unreasonable hours if he logged into the work servers right now. Poe settled with his laptop in the living room – still not vacuumed, by the way – and was about to start working when he saw an e-mail alert which he’d set for the foster care centre’s domain all these months ago. Indeed, there was a message from Finnegan Jones, written so formally and impersonally that it could have come from an internet generator as well. Poe found attached the report for his perusal, and scrolled down to kindly confirm the safe receipt and acceptance of its contents in its entirety, when he spotted a short paragraph below. I’m sending you also some materials about the individual foster care plans , it said. I think Kū would benefit from it, and we could discuss developing one next week, if you so decide. Please let me know. Poe opened the materials, skimmed through pages full of the stock photos of happy families dancing through meadows and colourful logotypes, and stopped at a yellow frame with bolded black text. The first step of each individual foster care plans is setting the permanency goal – be it adoption, independently, or reunification with the birth family. With a sigh Poe closed the document; he was so unprepared for this. Instead he opened the report and read through it briefly. It didn’t mention the mess in the house or the burned food, but instead it stressed the possibility of Kū having troubles with adjusting to the new situation – despite the dedicated attention of her current caregiver , the report acknowledged – and the necessity of enhanced monitoring and support for the family. Well, fair’s fair, Poe decided as he wrote back an equally impersonal message, accepting the report in its entirety. He didn’t acknowledge the additional materials in any way; he would deal with the problem when Mr Jones would come next week. As for now, he could pretend that there were no long-term goals for him to set, and just enjoy the fact that a little person came to comfort him when he was scared at night. * They were sitting in the garden waiting for Mr Jones, and this time Poe felt like he was the perfect housewife. He made sure all appliances were turned off before he went to the garden, vacuumed every floor and raked the lawn, and even prepared some home-made lemonade – mostly for Kū, but he would offer some to Jones as well. No one could say that he didn’t know how to correct a poor first impression. Not that it happened frequently, though. He used to be rather charming, before. He saved his work, closed the laptop, and looked out at Kū, who was folding colourful paper fans on a blanket spread on the grass. With her brows frowned and her tongue stuck out, she was an embodiment of concentration and Poe chuckled to himself, shaking his head. He used to be similar when he was a kid – when something interested him, it sucked him in immediately and he forgot about the whole world around. She must even have looked similar to him, he supposed, with her tiny brown hands and head full of black curls. “Good afternoon! I hope that I’m not interrupting your work?” Mr Jones was standing by the gate, clutching a stack of papers again, but he seemed less nervous than the last time. Yet he was still wearing a suit and a tie, and Poe felt a sudden relief that he put on some jeans instead of the khaki shorts he was wearing all day. He left Mr Jones and his papers at the garden table and went for the lemonade, to which he added a generous amount of ice cubes (or fishes, actually – Kū seemed to like them). How this man didn’t melt underway was beyond him. But when he got back, Jones wasn’t sitting at the table, but on the blanket instead, folding paper fans under Kū’s close supervision. “What is it for?” Jones asked, handing her a finished piece which she added to the stack of others. “A garland?” “It’s for a dragon’s tail,” Kū said, giving him an unimpressed look and another piece of paper to fold. She didn’t want Poe’s help earlier on, and he did his best to stifle the jealousy. The guy was good with children, though. “We’re making a dragon to fly up in the air, a, uh…” “A kite,” Poe supplied with a smile, and she smiled back. Well, screw Jones, child-whisperer he might well be. Poe was getting Kū to smile more and more frequently now, and that’s what mattered. Kū nodded, and turned her attention to the paper squares. Jones finished folding another one and got up, walking to the table and smiling broadly at the sight of lemonade. He all but drained his cup in one go with a delighted sigh and looked at Poe with a smile, as if to say something, but then Poe could see something snap back in the man’s head and the easy manner was gone within a heartbeat. “Well, yes, I, uh… I’m glad to see that Kū is less anxious today and doesn’t hide away from me,” he said with his usual nervous tremble. “Would you consider her interactions with strangers generally improved?” “I – I don’t know,” Poe admitted, cursing internally. How could he not know such a thing, what parent would say I don’t know about their child? But well, he had to barrel on now. “We don’t really go out much, and then she barely interacts at all, even when addressed directly. She usually just hides behind me, then.” Mr Jones nodded, but it looked more like he was nodding to himself. “I thought so. While it might be good idea to shield her for a while, she also needs help with dealing with other people, so she doesn’t become alienated. She’s six, that’s a difficult age even without any other disturbances. Do you plan to send her to school?” “Yeah, I – yes, I think so. I don’t think I could handle home-schooling, and besides, I’ll have to get back to the regular office hours in autumn, probably.” It was a thought which he pushed away to the back of his mind each time it resurfaced. Not only because Kū seemed too vulnerable to be left alone in a strange place full of strange people, but also because he couldn’t imagine himself going back among the people who knew him before and who saw him after the accident. Who’d think that Poe Dameron, charmer extraordinaire, would become a recluse in less than a year. “In this case we have to prepare Kū for the shock. I mean, I’m not saying that there will be anything wrong, but a new school can be a handful for any kid, and she definitely requires some special attention. I’ll get us an action plan for this for the next meeting.” Mr Jones was speaking very quickly, but then paused abruptly, looked up in Poe’s eyes and then away. “Which brings me to… uh…” “The individual plan thing,” Poe saved him, feeling a bit guilty. He could have at least write something on how he’d consider it, in a thanks-but-no-thanks way, but it slipped him somehow, and that irritated him now. “Well, I don’t really think it’s necessary. Kū is doing better every day, she’s settling in, she’ll start school in September and everything is going to be okay. I don’t think we need a plan to send her away to her father …” “Mr Dameron, that’s not what I…” “…because her father obviously didn’t want her in the first place!” “Mr Dameron, please calm down. Please,” Jones repeated, but his tone wasn’t supplicant at all. “I think Kū got upset and hid away. Do you know where she might have gone?” “Oh shit.” He ran towards the house, cursing his own stupidity in his head. How could he act like that, how could he forget that Kū was there, listening? The door to her room were left ajar and he heard stifled weeping coming through. “Kū, kiddo, can I come in?” There was no real reply – the crying quieted instead, but he knew by now that it was her pretending that she wasn’t there. “Are you safe in your fortress? I’m coming in,” he announced. Kū was lying on the bed and weeping into her pillow to muffle the sound. Never in his entire life did Poe want to bang his head against a wall, and hard. “Hey, little one, please look at me. I’m sorry I shouted, I shouldn’t have. I didn’t want to upset you, I’m so, so sorry.” “You lie!” came a muffled, sobbed reply, but she didn’t turn to him. Poe wanted to scoop her up and hug, but she would flinch away from him, so he squatted by the bed instead. “I never lie to you, Kū. I never have and never will, you have my word.” Only now she faced him, all red and puffy from crying. “You promised we’ll run away together,” she accused, hiccupping slightly from the weeping. “That you won’t let them take me away! And now you talk about going back to – to my father,” she all but shrieked, and burst in tears again. Somewhere in the back of his head Poe realised that it was probably the longest speech he ever heard from Kū. “You lie!” “Hey, hey, baby, I will never let you go there again. Never. And I told Mr Jones that,” he said, reaching out a hand to her. She didn’t grab it, but didn’t recoil either. “I want us to stay together forever: you, me, and BB-8. Do you want this, too?” “Yes,” she sniffed and eyed him suspiciously. “But you told him about getting me back to father. I heard you!” “I think,” Poe said slowly, realising it for himself too, “that Mr Jones thought that you want this. Some kids do, you know?” She nodded, and Poe stifled a sigh. “How about we go to him and tell him that you want to stay here? How does it sound?” “Okay.” Kū wiped her nose with the back of her hand – exactly how he asked her not to do – and took his hand to get out of bed. “We still can run away,” she said, walking beside him to the garden. “We make him run away, we have BB-8,” Poe said with his best smile. Kū didn’t smile back, but nodded seriously. Thank Heavens for the cat, he thought not for the first time. Mr Jones wasn’t waiting at the garden table; he was hovering around the garden door, walking in nervous circles. When he saw them, his whole face lightened up with a relieved smile. “Oh thanks stars, you’re okay,” he said and knelt down to face Kū. “I’m so sorry I made you cry, Kū. I never wanted to do that. Can you forgive me?” Kū nodded, and then squeezed Poe’s hand a little tighter, took a deep breath and said, “I don’t want to come back to my father. I want to stay here.” “I understand,” replied Jones seriously. That was probably the trick, Poe thought absent-mindedly, he just didn’t treat Kū like a child, but like a person. A small person, but a person nevertheless. “I will write it in my report, so everyone in the foster care centre knows that, okay? And we will not talk about it anymore.” “Yes,” she said, and after a while added, “thank you.” Then she tugged at Poe’s hand so that he bowed to her. “I will be in my fortress,” she whispered in his ear so loudly that it started ringing. He rose and watched her go, seeing in the corner of his eye that Jones did the same. “I’m, uh…” he started, but Jones interrupted him, with a series of rather expressive hand gestures. “Man, I’m so sorry about this. I mean – no, let me explain, I screwed it up all right and it’s all my fault. Let’s talk this through, okay?” He gestured towards the garden table and Poe followed him with a shrug. “I should have explained it from the beginning, and – oh shit, and I probably shouldn’t talk like that,” he added, suddenly miserable, and looked away again. “That was highly unprofessional of me, and I apologise for…” “Jesus, don’t. Just – don’t recite these phrases at me,” Poe groaned, covering his eyes for a moment, but then he remembered himself and poured them both the remains of the warming lemonade. He really wanted to wash down this conversation with a cool beer instead. “Unprofessional is fine, seriously.” “Is it?” Jones asked, disbelieving and hopeful, and suddenly he lightened up again. Poe barely supressed a smile. “Sure, I like it better that way,” he assured. I like you better that way , his mind supplied, but he managed not to say it aloud. Thank you for nothing, mind. “Okay then, explain the plan thing to me.” “Well, the thing about foster care is that it’s not thought a permanent solution – it should lead to something. They mentioned it during the preparatory course, right?” Poe nodded, following the movement of Jones’ hands. He caught himself thought, and forced himself to focus on the speech instead. It wasn’t something he could afford to half-ass. “Of course, it may happen that a child remains in a foster family for a long period of time, but ideally, foster care should lead to one of three things: adoption, legal emancipation of the child, or returning them to the birth family. But it all depends on the case, okay? Hey, man, you following me here?” “Yes, of course. I just – Kū cannot be adopted, there is this never-ending court case about her father’s parental rights. I’m sure you know far more details that I do.” Poe closed his eyes, congratulating himself internally for his civil vocabulary. “And she obviously must not get back to him. Not ever. She doesn’t want that.” “So, you’d consider adopting her when her legal situation becomes clear, right?” “I wouldn’t consider it, I would just do it – if I’m deemed eligible, that is. And I don’t think…” “Aaand here is where the individual plan comes in,” Mr Jones interrupted, patting his papers, taking a folder out of it and pushing it towards Poe. “First, we set a permanency goal, keeping in mind the best interest of the child. Here, it is you adopting Kū. Then we work towards it together, and we solve the problems as they arise. I provide you with support offered by the centre and our associates, and in the end we succeed and Kū thrives in a happy home. So, that’s the gist of it,” he said, stretching himself in the chair. “How does it sound?” “Unrealistic,” Poe said, but smiled. Frankly, it sounded very good. “Aww, man, have some faith in my counselling skills!” Mr Jones made a face, but he smiled too. “I’m not saying that it will be a quick thing, or an easy one, but we can do it. We can,” he repeated, more to himself than to Poe, it seemed. “Deal?” “Deal.” He accepted the proffered hand. Jones beamed at him, as if Poe’d given him a gift, and pushed the folder closer to him again. “Great. Then you have two things to do until the next week. First, you read very carefully through the pamphlets in there, and fill in the questionnaire. You fill it truly, and omit nothing, is that clear? I’m serious here, man,” Mr Jones said, and for a moment he looked not only serious, but knowing. As if Poe hadn’t tricked him at all. “Yeah, sure. I’ll write everything, scout’s honour,” he said and looked away, just to shake off the feeling. “Great. Then, I have an exercise for you and Kū which I want you to repeat as frequently as possible until our next meeting. You will go out together to places with many strangers – grocery shopping, walk in a park, this sort of thing – and just wander about. Kū doesn’t have to talk to anyone, it would be even better if she didn’t, she is just to be in such places. But go slow, and talk with her a lot, okay? Great,” he said at Poe’s nod, and grinned. “I have to go now, I’ll send you the report like the last time to confirm. Oh, and the next meeting – same as today, Thursday 4 PM? Write it down, man, and put on a fridge or something,” he insisted, pushing a pen and a scrap of paper in Poe’s general direction. “Good then, I’ll get going – no need to walk me back, you better go on and check on Kū.” “No, but – thank you,” Poe said, standing up, and reached out for a handshake. “For helping me despite all this. I don’t usually get angry like that, I swear,” he added hastily, suddenly thinking about the report Mr Jones had to write about today’s visit. “Good to know,” Jones replied, his gaze suddenly serious and assessing again. “Well then, see you next week. And good luck with the exercise!” “Good luck indeed,” Poe muttered to himself as he watched the man go. He should feel happy and relieved, like the last time – he made it again, despite his royal fuckup – and yet he couldn’t shake off the feeling that Mr Jones somehow saw through him. Well then, he reasoned with himself, even if he did, he decided to play along for some reason. There was nothing to worry about. Except of the fact that he now had to coax Kū for a walk in the park, that is. Chapter 2 * That time Poe didn’t lie – he really didn’t get angry easily, he was always a fan of talking things down – the last week was trying as hell, and each single thing proved more irritating. First, the report Jones sent him of course mentioned his outburst and Kū’s panicked reaction, which was only fair, but he felt betrayed and exposed nevertheless. Then he started to work on the materials and the questionnaire, but it felt like a nasty vivisection more than anything. There was about two bajillions of very detailed questions about Kū’s behaviour and his parenting techniques, and answering to them – truthfully, as he promised – made him feel so inadequate that he had no words to describe it. And the fact that Mr Jones would be reading it soon didn’t make it any better. Then, there was the cursed exercise , which was – oh stars above, the worst thing ever. Actually it all went quite well – they went to the park twice, and at the second time Kū played on a seesaw with another kid, which Poe counted as a success even if there wasn’t much talking going on. But then they went grocery shopping and all went to hell, because an old moron had to scare the living daylights out of Kū while Poe was paying for the groceries. “What a pretty girl you are,” the halfwit said, grinning at her, and Kū clutched at Poe’s leg immediately. But of course that wasn’t enough of a clue, because the moron had to reach out and say, “How about I take you with me, huh? I could use a pretty new daughter like you!” And that was when Kū started screaming at a deafening volume – which was a surprise, because she was a very quiet child – Poe started to yell at the idiot, and the shop staff yelled at him in turn. When they made it home, Kū was on the verge of panic attack and insisted on closing all doors and windows in the house before she hid away in her bed fortress. Coaxing her out for meals or any other activities was a nightmare, and when he succeeded, she wouldn’t leave him ever for a moment. Which would be great at any other time, but not when he had to analyse three months’ worth of sampling results, draw some sensible conclusions, and write a recommendation – all on a deadline, of course. Hell if he could focus on the job right now. “Come on, Kū, how about we eat some leek soup now?” With a sigh he turned from his laptop, only to see her clutching at a stuffed dinosaur and looking at the window. She did that a lot since that cursed grocery store trip. “Kū? Hey, can you help me set the table, kiddo?” She didn’t reply, but dragged herself to the kitchen after him, watching around closely. With a resigned sigh he handed her the spoons which she put on the table, and heated the soup. It turned out that it wasn’t Kū’s favourite – either that or it was just too bland, but Poe was afraid to overdo with the salt like the last time. Despite his best efforts to chat her up, Kū stayed silent and sullen, only glancing at the window from time to time when she thought he wasn’t watching. “Well then,” he ventured, putting the plates to the dishwasher, “how about we go for a walk, huh? To the nice park with the seesaws?” “No,” Kū pleaded in a barely audible whisper, just as he expected. “I don’t want to go.” “But that nasty man will not be there, okay? Just other kids and the seesaws, and…” “I don’t want to go!” she shrieked and blinked several times, mouth trembling. It made his gut twist nauseatingly, and he squatted in front of her, trying to be reassuring. “We’ll never go to that grocery store again, only to some nice places that aren’t scary. Okay? Today we stay at home, but tomorrow we go out to the park,” he said, as she gave him no reply. “Now let’s watch some Care Bears, all right?” Within the last three days Poe came to hate the Care Bears with the force of a thousand suns, but they seemed to have calming effect on Kū, so he bore it with as much patience as he could muster, and even started to hum along with the opening song. Never let it be said that he’d made no sacrifices in the name of good parenting. He did his best to ignore the Care Bears and the feeling of guilt which pricked him each time he looked at Kū, but it didn’t help him focus on the job at hand. The sampling results got mixed in his head and he had to recalculate things all over again, but was still unsure about the final results at the end. Having resolved to pull an all-nighter to get this done on time, he brought up the kite they had been building together before and taught Kū how to tie the paper fans she’d made on a rope, so they created a long tail for the kite. While she was mostly working silently, and he regaled her with some silly, half-made up stories about flying kites, she at least didn’t watch the windows all the time. “Tomorrow we go to the park to try the kite, if there’s any wind,” he said, mostly to see her reaction. She didn’t protest, but didn’t look thrilled either. And to think that she’d been so happy about the kite flying! “It will be fun, you know?” Kū just nodded, and he barely stifled a frustrated groan. But before he came up with anything else to encourage her, his phone rang loudly from his bedroom. This was unexpected; recently his phone served more as an alarm clock than anything else. He was even more surprised when he saw the caller ID, Temmin , flashing on the screen. “Aww, Snap!” he said by way of a greeting, and heard a frustrated groan in reply. “Seriously, Dameron, it stopped being funny at the hundredth repetition!” “And now it’s vintage, you philistine. What’s up?” Poe couldn’t hold back a huge grin. It was absolutely refreshing to actually talk with someone for a change, even if Snap wasn’t the best conversationalist in the area. “Missing me yet?” “Sort of. Well, we’re on the clock a bit, so I just wanted to ask about the recommendations. Could you just send them over soon?” “Holy shit, I see you’ve become some serious workaholic, thinking about this crap on Sunday! You’ll have them tomorrow morning in your inbox, no worries!” There was a long pause, and Poe could hear Snap sighing, and the Care Bears tackling the big baddie in the adjacent room. “Seriously, man, they’re almost done…” “Monday,” interrupted Snap with another sigh. “Today is Monday, Poe. We really need the recommendations…” He paused, and Poe could hear some nervous exchange in the background. He could also hear his own blood pounding in his ears. Snap hummed in agreement and went on, “Okay, Jess says that we’ll work around them somehow, and just add them tomorrow first thing in the morning. Can you have them for tomorrow?” “Yes,” managed Poe, “yes, of course. I’m so sorry, I don’t know how I could –” “Don’t worry about it, just send them as soon as you can. Oh, and Jess says hi.” Poe could tell that Snap was angry and disappointed, and no wonder – he would be livid too. “Gotta go now, hang in there, will you?” “Sure, you too.” Poe sat on his bed after he hung up for a long while, burying his face in his palms. How many fuckups can there be in one week? And seriously, three days in a row without leaving the house and he was going mad; tomorrow he had to take Kū out for a walk, even if she protested. “We’ll finish the kite tomorrow, little one. I have to finish my work now,” he explained to her as he got back to the living room. She just nodded, and he went to the kitchen and didn’t even kick anything on his way. Instead he made a plate of sandwiches, left them for Kū to eat if she so choose, and put on the new loop of Care Bears. Then he sat in the front of his laptop, stared at his tables and charts, and barely supressed the need to scream his lungs out. All this was probably wrong anyway; he’d have to recalculate it once again. He’d had to kill many people in his past life to deserve this. By the time he finished the first batch of calculations, obtaining results which at least seemed plausible, the Care Bears mercifully finished their joyful dances, and Kū was sleeping on the couch with BB-8 curled around her. The sight made him feel both happy and guilty, but he decided not to dwell on it right now. He picked Kū up and put her to bed instead; in an afterthought he picked up BB-8 and put her on Kū’s bed too. The cat immediately resumed her previous position, blinking at Poe with one green eye. Armed with a coffee and the sandwiches Kū hadn’t even touched, Poe sat down to resume his all-nighter, but he kept thinking about the terrified expression on Kū’s face when he mentioned a walk tomorrow. He knew that she needed to go out – they both did, clearly – but had no idea how to convince her to do so. Of course, he could just take her out despite any protests, but he didn’t even want to think how she’d act afterwards. It seemed a foul thing to do, to betray a child’s trust like that. To hell with all that, he decided, and opened the last e-mail from Mr Jones. It might be humiliating, asking a virtual stranger for help like that, but he knew no one else to ask. Hi , he wrote quickly, before he could chicken out, a stranger scared Kū, threatened to take her away when we were out for a walk, and now she won’t talk to me or leave the house. Any tips? He sent it before he read it through – it looked ridiculous in contrast with Jones’ formal style, and heavens, he did sound desperate. But it was a good decision, he told himself firmly – hopefully Jones would read it tomorrow morning and write back with some miraculous solution before the walk time. He grabbed a sandwich and was about to get back to work when a new e-mail alert flashed in the corner of his screen. Jones wrote back simply, Can you talk now? Poe stared at the message for a while – it was late evening, did the foster care centre work shifts? – but then his phone rang loudly and he all but jumped in his seat. “Dameron,” he said, swallowing the last bite of his sandwich. “Hi, this is Finnegan Jones from the foster centre. Can you talk now?” It was a bit surreal, hearing Jones’ voice like that, close in his ear; in the silence of the house it seemed inappropriate. “Yes, Kū’s sleeping – uh, sorry for troubling you so late, but it’s been three days since we left the house and I don’t know what to do.” “Aww, man, you should’ve called sooner,” Jones exclaimed, and Poe could almost see him making a face and shake his head. “Okay, now tell me what’s going on.” And Poe did – he told Jones about the small success with the seesaw, and how he failed in driving the creep away before he terrified Kū like that, and then about her silences and watchful eyes, and sheer panic at the notion of going outside. “I don’t want to force her, but I have no idea how to convince her to go out, or even talk to me. But I can’t fuck this up even more,” he said finally, and only then he realised that he’d been whispering. “You absolutely have to go out, but Kū needs to know that she is safe. You need to tell her that she did great – she screamed when she was in danger, that’s a very good reaction. And you have to validate her fear, but don’t go along with it,” Jones was talking quickly, and his voice became quieter for a moment; he was probably gesturing widely with the phone in his hand. Poe considered taking notes, but there wasn’t any goddamn pencil within his reach. “She needs to know that you understand her fear even if you want her to face it, and that you are at her side all the time. Following me here?” “Yeah, sure,” Poe mumbled, as he imagined Kū’s reaction. She would probably just nod at him, and beg him not to go out. He let out a frustrated curse under his breath before he remembered himself. “Sorry, it’s just – she will be so unhappy…” “It’s hard like hell, I know, but you both can do this,” Jones said, and then added, after a pause, “Actually, when do you plan this walk tomorrow?” “Around five in the afternoon, when it starts to cool down – there’s plenty of kids in the Memorial Park by then,” Poe said. “Why?” “Do you want me to come along? I could talk to Kū a bit, see for myself how she is doing. And she should feel better going with two people she knows, it limits the uncertainty.” It came out rushed, as if Jones was afraid that Poe would interrupt him. Frankly, it sounded a bit weird – either Mr Jones was the most dedicated social worker known to mankind, or Poe should get suspicious. But the thing was – he didn’t. He felt relieved instead. “That would be great. Seriously, if you can get Kū to talk or – I don’t know, make her less scared at least…” “I’ll do my best,” Jones assured. “Now try to worry a little less and go to sleep at a decent hour, okay? See you tomorrow, Mr Dameron.” If he was absolutely honest with himself, Poe had no idea what had just happened. The call, the offer, and the words at the end – it all was unsettling, even though he could not pinpoint exactly why. Was Jones too invested in their case, or too observant for Poe’s liking, or just a kind man who wanted to help them out? With another curse Poe closed his eyes, forcing these thoughts out of his head. He’d decide the man’s intention tomorrow; as for now, he had a job to do. * There were things which Poe considered himself good at. They changed in time, obviously, but at some point of his life the list included composing cheesy love songs, mixing dirty martinis, solving for x, driving sleek sport cars, fixing various household appliances, chatting people up, playing with cats, or projecting aviation safety systems. As it turned out recently, he was also pretty decent at constructing kites. But dressing a little girl for a walk in a park – it was somehow beyond him. Usually Kū dressed herself, an independent child that she was, and he would go along with her choice. Sometimes it would look funny or the colours would clash even to his untrained eye, but he was no fashionista and if she wanted to wear a yellow t-shirt with a blue truck along with pink leggings printed in Hello Kitty’s faces, he wasn’t going to stop her – all the judging mums in the park be damned. But the outfit Kū planned for today was even worse than that. “You cannot wear a hoodie, kiddo. It’s too hot outside!” He pleaded again, wondering if it was her strategy to discourage him from the walk. It was working splendid so far. “Do you want the t-shirt with the orange pocket?” The t-shirt was new and clean, and of relatively pastel colours; it would be too good to be true if she had in fact wanted it. “No. It has a hood!” Kū picked at the hem of her sweatshirt. “No one will see me when I put it on!” She illustrated her statement by pulling the hood on her head and tugging the strings so that almost her whole face was covered. “See?” “You know it doesn’t work like that, don’t you,” he said, touching the tip of her nose lightly. “I can still see you.” “It’s because you know ,” she insisted. Poe took a few calming breaths and closed his eyes. He wasn’t going to win this one, it seemed. They talked in the morning – well, mostly he did – and he told her all the wise things Mr Jones advised, and then some he found during his internet research in the wee hours after turning in the recommendations. After rather vigorous protests Kū accepted the inevitability of the walk, but she made him promise that she would be invisible. He just didn’t expect the hoodie. “Kū, please, take the hoodie off now. We’ll find something else for you,” he tried, and of course it was when the doorbell rang. She squealed and tugged at the strings even harder. “It’s Mr Jones, he’s going with us, remember? Now out with the hoodie, and come say hi.” The heat took its toll on all mortals alike, observed Poe with a sort of weird relief as he saw Mr Jones waiting on the threshold. He was without a tie, with his jacket tucked under his arm and his shirtsleeves were rolled up to his elbows. “Kū’s not ready yet,” he said instead of a greeting. Which was at least a level higher than You’re not wearing a tie , which he almost said. He probably should have taken a nap at least; all-nighters were good for undergrads. “Come on in, I have to make her stop wearing a hoodie, she insists that it makes her invisible to strangers.” He took a step back, inviting Jones in with a gesture. “But she’ll melt in this heat… Oh Jesus. I’m not ready yet either,” he all but groaned, catching a glimpse of his own reflection in the hall mirror. He was wearing his beloved ugly khaki shorts and a Batman t-shirt, which made a great outfit for many activities, none of which included his social services counsellor though. “Hey, no worries, okay? We’re not going on a dinner date or anything, so as long as everyone’s decent…” Jones said with a shrug and a small smile. “Go get ready, and I’ll – oh, hello there!” he exclaimed at the sight of BB-8 who appeared from nowhere and started to brush her tail against Poe’s legs. “I’ll wait here for you and Kū. And bring an invisibility cloak with you,” he added, distracted by BB-8’s purring. She started to rub her head against the man’s shin, and Poe really hoped that the social workers received some sort of dry-cleaning benefit. “A what?” he asked, blinking several times. He should have taken that nap. “An invisibility cloak,” Jones repeated, squatting to pet BB-8’s head. “Don’t tell me you don’t have one. Just make sure it’s suited for the weather,” he added pointedly. Invisibility cloak, for heavens’ sake, where was he to take it from? Kū knew the majority of his t-shirts already, and he didn’t think a shirt would work either. An invisibility cloak should be soft and thin and shiny, he thought to himself, putting on some pants which didn’t make him look like an overgrown scout. It should have some magical pattern, or silver stars, or – Or he might have just the right thing up there in his closet. Once upon a time, when they were a serious thing already but not engaged yet, he got a silk scarf as a birthday gift from Muran’s mother. It was a purple-and-silver, paisley-patterned thing that was worth probably more than half of Poe’s closet at that time, and it didn’t suit him at all. They laughed at it for hours, afterwards, and Muran promised him in mock-serious tone that he’d make Poe wear it for their elegant wedding on a bright October day, once they’d save enough to buy a coat to go along with it. But then they got married in June and the scarf stayed in the closet, forgot in one of the boxes. Muran would laugh so hard at this, he thought as he retrieved it from the box on the top shelf, he would wear the scarf like a cape himself and dance around the house, he would… “Get a grip,” he muttered under his breath and went to the living room, where he could hear a quiet exchange going on. He stopped at the door, watching Kū closely. Her hair looked like a black curly nest, all messed up from the hood, and her face was slightly coloured-up from the heat. And, no small miracle, she was wearing the new and clean t-shirt. “…and it’s really important that we stick to this plan. Okay?” Mr Jones was squatting in front of her, looking friendly but serious. He glanced at Poe, then at the scarf, and gave a minute nod. “Okay,” Kū replied reluctantly, and looked at the window, and then back at Jones. “Great! And look, here’s the invisibility cloak! It looks magical to me, what do you think?” Kū turned to Poe, took in the scarf in its purple-and-silver glory, and her round brown eyes went even rounder with awe. “It’s a princess cape,” she whispered reverently. “Can I have it? Just for a try?” “Sure thing, kiddo.” Poe handed the scarf out with a smile. Had he known that princesses were a thing, he’d made her a tinfoil crown to wear with it, but last weeks were rather about planes and kites, and cats, and Care Bears. “Go on, check if it works.” As soon as Kū draped the scarf over her shoulders, both Mr Jones and Poe confirmed that she was absolutely invisible and looked like a real princess. Poe tried and failed to examine the contradiction implied here – he was quite sure he had seen something like this in the internet once – but he decided to focus rather on putting sandals on Kū’s feet. She explained the details of the plan as he did so, with a little help of Mr Jones, on whom she bestowed the honour of carrying the cape for her. “I put on the cloak when I’m afraid,” she said, mimicking Jones’ serious tone. “And it means that we have to go away.” “Fine, but you have to tell me what the scary thing is, all right?” When they finally left the house, it was good twenty minutes past five and Poe was squirming internally, just a bit. Mr Jones show no sign of impatience, walking on Kū’s left side with the scarf thrown over his shoulder as if he had no better place to be, but it seemed odd – except for the fact that he was here with them, he looked like he was after hours already. And yet, he accompanied them to the playground in the park and leaned on the fence alongside Poe, watching Kū climb a jungle gym. “Not that it’s my business or anything,” he said out of a sudden, and Poe could feel the blood in his veins freeze, “but this invisibility cloak must have cost more than my suit. It doesn’t need to be like this, you know?” He turned to look at Poe, and there was something wistful in his gaze, as if the scarf evoked some memories in him too. “It could have been anything.” “It was a – a gift I got years ago and never used,” he replied with a shrug, trying to be casual, but probably failing. “I mean, it’s probably more expensive than any of my clothes too, but it hardly matters if it’s never used, does it.” “I guess so.” With a small shrug Jones turned his eyes back to Kū, who was listening to another girl climbing the jungle gym and nodding eagerly. “I’m happy to see that Kū interacts with other children without much trouble,” he said, as if the topic of the scarf was never mentioned. “I was a little worried about that, it’s part of why I wanted to come along today. But all things aside, she doesn’t seem shy.” “She plays with other children just fine,” Poe agreed, strangely relieved, as if he was due any credit for it. “But never talks with them too much, and doesn’t really – I don’t know, when I was a kid, I had a whole pack of best friends, we were really tight, and I talked about them a mile a minute when I was home. Kū just doesn’t do that, and I think–” I think she’s lonely , he almost said, but didn’t. He’d bet something valuable that Jones still heard it though. “It will come in time, trust me. When she will go to school and meet with her classmates regularly, she will make friends just fine.” Poe was looking at him from the corner of his eye, and there was that wistful smile again. Inappropriate as it was, he felt a sudden need to know what it meant, but before he verbalised his thoughts, Kū fell down from the bar into the woodchips. With a start he rushed towards the gate, but a sudden grip on his shoulder stopped him. “Wait,” Jones said, withdrawing his hand immediately, “and look.” Poe did, and saw Kū getting up, brushing the woodchips away and climbing the bars again, without as much as a squeak. The girl with whom she was playing asked something and Kū nodded, focused on her way up. “You all right there, kiddo?” he called, more to keep his conscience clear than out of any actual need. Kū gave him a serious nod and a small smile – the first smile in days. It felt surprisingly rewarding. “It will be fine, I promise,” Jones said quietly, sincerely, as if he’d been reading Poe’s thoughts. Sometimes it felt as if he actually did, which made Poe squirm; nothing good would come from letting himself be read so easily. But then Mr Jones took a step back and handed him the scarf, suddenly looking professional. “You just have stick to the plan and think positive. We’re seeing each other on Thursday the usual time, right?” “…right.” This caught him off-guard. While he had no doubts about Jones’ qualifications, he rather liked the straightforward manner – much more so than the professional mask Jones sometimes assumed. Frankly, it seemed so unnatural that Poe managed to forget already that it was there in the first place. “Look, thank you for your time, for coming along – it means a lot to me, to us both. I don’t know what…” “It’s okay, really – it’s my job, after all.” There was something stiff in Jones’ movements as he proffered his hand; he looked almost as bad as when Poe saw him first on his threshold. He felt sudden, nauseating urge to explain himself, to apologise, even though he had no idea what for – yet he felt no doubt that he just fucked something up, again. “See you on Thursday, Mr Dameron. Good bye, Kū!” he called, waving his hand at her, and then strode away quickly, without looking back. Before he went back to watching Kū in the jungle gym, Poe observed Mr Jones walking away for a little while. Suddenly, just before he disappeared behind an ugly gazebo, Jones raised his hand to cover his eyes, as if a disaster had struck him right there and then. Poe averted his eyes, and focused solely on Kū’s squeals as she discovered the slide behind the jungle gym. Whatever the disaster was, it was not his concern at all. Chapter 3 Notes: The RL issues are quite pressing right now, but here goes a small update. Thank you all for your kind feedback for this story, it means a lot to me ♡ ♡ ♡ It was hard to say if it was very late, or very early – Poe made a point of not looking at the clock. He was working on his designs, determined to turn them in early this time, to somehow make up for that damned delay. He wouldn’t sleep well anyway. The heat was unbearable, and besides, there were too many thoughts tumbling in his head right now. And he wasn’t even sure if he wanted to sort them out, really. Working was easier. The problem was that Poe had no idea what had actually happened at that playground – had he said something, or missed something important? – but it felt as if someone had turned a switch in Mr Jones’ head. When he came to his regular visit on Thursday, he was nothing but polite and professional, give or take his usual stammer. He had all the nice words for Kū, but didn’t sit with her on the carpet to play, and he had all the explanations and helpful comments for Poe, but didn’t utter a single word which would not seem textbook-approved. Even his usual report didn’t include any additional materials for Poe to read. Something certainly was off, but during the whole visit Poe didn’t work up enough courage to ask about it – and now he was mulling over it at the crack of dawn on Sunday morning. And there was also the way he walked through the park back then, shoulders slumped, eyes covered. Which was – concerning, to say the least. Poe knew, rationally, that it was none of his business, and as long as it didn’t influence Jones’ work, he had no reasons to complain. And yet, he meant what he’d said – he really liked it all better the unprofessional way, and he didn’t want to cause Jones any distress. Not only because he could help Poe, but – but because he seemed to be a good man. “Seriously, Dameron,” he muttered under his breath, sounding almost as exasperated as Jess would. He really didn’t need to create himself additional problems at the moment, he knew that, and yet here he was. Well, letting go was never his forte. Shaking his head he went to the kitchen for some snacks and, being a responsible adult, decided to eat an apple instead of reheating the quesadilla leftovers from lunch. He was just about to leave when he looked at the picture Kū had drawn during the last counselling session with Mr Jones, and paused with the apple halfway to his mouth. He wasn’t there when she was drawing it – in fact, Jones asked him, politely but firmly, to leave the room for some time so he could talk with Kū unperturbed. When Poe opposed, Jones just quoted some regulations at him and finally Poe acquiesced and reiterated to the kitchen, venting out his frustration by setting the dishwasher and aggressively chopping some vegetables. Once he was admitted to the living room again after what seemed an eternity, there was a lot of paper and Crayola on the table, and Kū was mumbling something about reading books. She tried to cover her drawing with her hands, but finally agreed to show it to him upon Jones’ subtle insistence. In the middle there was a huge orange cat – BB-8, no doubt – with round pink nose, thick black whiskers, crooked claws, and toxic-green eyes which could probably shoot laser beams. On the right side of the cat monster was a small figure with black hair and yellow clothing, which was most probably Kū. On the other side, in the corner, there was another person, not much bigger than Kū but drawn in duller colours, which must have been him. BB-8 stood between them like a fiery wall, and Poe didn’t like the meaning behind this at all, even if he tried to feign ignorance and joke about Kū’s lacking appreciation for his fashion sense. Now the drawing hung on the fridge and he looked at it now and then, pondering over its meaning. Rationally he knew that it was too early for any serious bond to form between them, but still being the dull one in the faraway corner stung – probably more than it should. He made himself a cup of tea and sat down on the couch, trying to sort out the mess in his head somehow before getting back to work, but he couldn’t focus on one single thought. The what-ifs and should-have-dones were spinning in his head, and suddenly didn’t know what he was thinking about a moment ago, he knew only that he wasn’t alone. There was a familiar voice calling him, but he couldn’t move, the gearshift was digging in his side, and the seatbelt was all but choking him, keeping him squeezed in place. “You would have left me anyway,” Muran said, tipping his head so that Poe could see both sides of his face – the whole one and the one smashed into red pulp. “So maybe that’s for the best.” No , he wanted to say but couldn’t, the seatbelts pushing the air back into his lungs. I wouldn’t, not ever, he cried mutely, we would work it through, I swear . But then Muran turned to him fully, unhindered by the seatbelts, the shattered glass and torn metal piercing his chest, and gave him a smile which Poe had come to hate over the years. “You have now all that you wanted,” he said bitterly, and there words came out of his mouth as red bubbling foam. “Don’t you?” “No.” He jerked up awake, blinking wildly and panting as if he’d just ran for miles. Something prodded at his side and BB-8 jumped out of the couch, burbling with displeasure. The sun was high up the sky, and his muscles hurt like hell after sleeping for several hours in a sitting position, with a stuffed dinosaur under his back. He stood up with a grunt, trying to stretch a bit, and only then he spotted Kū hovering at the door, watching him closely. “Hello, little one. I just – did I wake you up?” Kū shook her head, but still kept her eyes trained on him, unblinking, as if she expected he’d do something terrifying any moment now. “Did I scare you?” he asked in a small voice, unsure if he should come over to her or keep his distance. She didn’t move either, but Kū shook her head again. “Why do you have nightmares?” she asked instead, and he felt as if she’d hit him on the head with something hard. “Are you afraid that someone will take you away?” “No, kiddo, I’m just–” Broken. Guilty. Unsure. Terrified. Lonely. “I’m just scared, sometimes, and then I dream of bad things. But I’ll be okay,” he added quickly, seeing her small pout. “It’s okay to be scared sometimes, right?” Right? After he stopped feeling more or less like a zombie and went to the kitchen to make some breakfast, he saw two things that made him pause in the door. First, Kū had set the table all by herself with all but glasses which were too high for her to reach, and now sat in her usual place. She rarely volunteered to help – she’d rather wait until asked – so her initiative counted as a great success in Poe’s book. Second, the timer on the stove showed almost noon. So he’d slept through the whole morning, and Kū was probably starving, but still didn’t wake him. Not much success here, then. “Wow, you set the table all by yourself! That’s great, thank you!” he exclaimed, partially to cover up his embarrassment, and rushed to prepare something quick but substantial. He gave Kū a smile to which she responds in kind, which makes him feel somewhat less miserable. “Hey, how about we eat some scrambled eggs, and then go for a walk along the riverbank? We haven’t been there yet, and it’s really nice place. And,” he added in a spur of genius, “we could take our kite. There’s a lot of place, and today it’s going to be windy.” “Yes,” Kū said with more enthusiasm that he ever saw. Her smile widened, and there was a happy glint to her eyes. “Let’s fly the kite. Please,” she added after a moment, and Poe nodded. Yeah, that one was a success, definitely. Luckily enough, his predictions about weather were true: cold front was coming and there would be a storm today night, but as for now the only indication was stronger wind and puffy white clouds. He showed them to Kū as they walked, telling her how they were made of water, and that would join until they make bigger clouds, and finally cause rainfall. One of the clouds looked kind of like an elephant to him and he said so; Kū argued that it looked more like BB-8, which was fair too, if Poe squinted enough. There were quite many people strolling along the river, so they walked for a long while to find an empty spot; finally they left the snack bag and invisibility cloak under a tree, and unfolded the kite. Frankly speaking, Poe was quite proud of it. The design was simple: a thin wooden cross frame, a two-legged bridle, and long wings, all covered in fiery-red fabric. The colourful tails Kū’d crafted made it a little difficult to balance the whole thing, but after a few attempts he got it right, and now the kite was nothing if not a true dragon, just as Kū wanted it. “Okay, wait a moment, kiddo, I left the spool in the bag,” he said, showing her how to hold the kite. “I’ll be right back.” He retrieved the spool and was turning to head back to Kū, when he heard a familiar voice and froze mid-movement, shocked. “I know you can do it,” Finnegan Jones said, with so much warmth and utter conviction in his voice that Poe found it suddenly hard do breathe. “If there’s anyone in the world who can, it’s you.” Poe must have gasped, or made any other sound, because he heard a rustle and suddenly Jones was looking at him from behind the tree, as surprised as he was. But after a heartbeat his attention returned to the phone at his ear, and he smiled with affection, averting his eyes from Poe altogether. “Right back at yourself,” he said, and then, after a pause, “I know, I miss you too.” These words made Poe unfreeze and he all but reiterated, holding onto the spool for dear life. With his back firmly at the tree and Mr Jones, he hooked the spool onto the bridle and let the kite in the air. His hands were shaking slightly when he gave the spool over to Kū. “Here, you hold it loosely, like this, so the rope can unroll easily”, he explained, watching her focused face from the corner of his eye. “Look how high the dragon flies now!” She looked up and for a moment she seemed utterly delighted; the kite was indeed a sight to behold, its colourful tail waving in the wind, but Poe understood like no other that there was something more to that. “Can we make it go up? So it goes through the clouds and make rain?” Kū asked, her cheeks pink and her eyes sparkling. “No, kiddo, no kite can fly that high. But we can go near the river, and you can run with the kite, so it flies like a real dragon, okay?” It was more than okay – in fact, he had never seen Kū so happy. She was running around, roaring like a dragon, and even giggling. Poe watched her, grinning like a madman, and would be absolutely content about his life at the moment, were it not for the nagging feeling of being observed. He didn’t turn to look at the tree – it would be more than sensible, since the snacks and the invisibility cloak were left there, but he couldn’t bring himself to do it. Jones might be sitting there still or not, and he couldn’t decide which of these options was worse. Or why, for that matter. “Okay, let’s take a break. You need to drink something, and then we can walk with the kite for a while, but slowly this time,” he said as Kū came back to him after another lap, panting but delighted. “I have the apple chips you like, you can have them too. Now look, that’s how you bring the kite back to you.” She insisted on carrying the kite herself, even though she barely saw anything over its edge. But they made it to the tree without tripping, and Kū graciously allowed him to fold the kite back, so she could eat her apple chips. “Good afternoon,” Mr Jones said, and of course he was still here, with a pleasant smile directed at Kū. Which, Poe understood instantly, was definitely the worse option. “You have a magnificent kite, Kū, it flies beautifully.” “Good afternoon,” Kū replied, surprised, but she didn’t seem perturbed by Jones’ presence. One-zero for her, Poe thought dryly, giving the man a polite nod. “It’s a dragon. It has wings and tail, see? And it flies up in the air!” “Yes, I saw that, it was really cool! Did you built it yourself?” “No,” she said and accepted the bag of the apple chips. “I made the tail, and the big one did the rest.” The big one? Wow, this was – surprising, but not unpleasantly so, he decided, stifling a smile. It was the first time he heard Kū talk about him, and big one definitely made sense, since he called her little one all the time. Mr Jones didn’t seem surprised though; did Kū call Poe that when they were talking without him last Thursday? Part of Poe wanted to protest at that; it seemed unfair that someone else learnt it earlier than him. He tried, and failed, to cast the thought away. “I see, that’s very nice,” said Jones, and returned to the book in his lap, as if the situation hadn’t been awkward. Or maybe it wasn’t, maybe he was just making it so in his head – either way, he couldn’t shed the feeling of being watched and judged all the time. Despite his hopes, Kū didn’t want to leave after her lunch, nor did she agree to a slow walk along the riverbank. He had to set the kite and help her put it in the air, and almost didn’t mind when she started to romp happily with the string clutched tightly in her hands. He risked a glance over his shoulder, but Jones was half-hidden behind the tree, head bowed over his book. I shouldn’t worry about this, Poe repeated to himself, trying to shake off the feeling of being stared at, it doesn’t concern me. But then, he was never good at lying. “Hey, dragon princess! I’ll be waiting under the tree over there, okay?” he asked Kū as soon as she approached. She glanced at the tree, assessing the distance, and made a pouty face but nodded. “If you need something, you call me and I’ll come right to you,” he promised, just to make sure, and walked away slowly, giving her a chance to stop him if she needed. She didn’t – after a pause she resumed her run, now considerably closer to the tree though. Jones looked at him briefly, but didn’t engage in a conversation, keeping his eyes fixed on his book. Some phrases were neatly underlined with straight pencil lines, and there were colourful index stickers on the margins. Suddenly Poe realised just how young he looked without a suit, a tie, and the official air of a foster counsellor; he might as well be one of the undergrad kids crowding the coffee shop on Poe’s street corner every morning. He turned his head away, realising that he was staring, and bit his lip. If he bothered to come here, he should at least say something. He used to do this all the time – chat people up, turn on the charm, talk his way through any crisis he encountered – but now he wasn’t ever sure who should talk first. “It really looks like a dragon from this perspective,” Jones said suddenly, and Poe let out a breath in a long exhale. The comment about the kite caught him off-guard, but he didn’t know what to expect. “You are a skilled craftsman, Mr Dameron.” “I – yeah, kites are fun,” he blurted out, looking at Jones for any clues. Yet Jones was watching Kū, eyes squinted, avoiding Poe’s gaze altogether. As if he was as afraid of being judged as Poe was. “I wouldn’t know,” he admitted quietly, and then, after a pause, “we didn’t have them at St. Jacob’s.” “What – you mean you’ve–” Never flown a kite? Rationally, Poe knew that not everyone grew up in a pilot’s house, fascinated by flying objects, but this seemed ridiculous. Only a few heartbeats after the rest of the sentence caught with him. “Yeah, I mean I grew up in St. Jacob’s orphanage,” Jones said and then he was looking straight at Poe, his face calm, composed, and dejected. Poe wanted to reply to it, but he couldn’t find accurate words – should one say oh , or I’m sorry , or that’s cool ? It must have shown, because Jones made a face at him, a weird, unhappy smile. “I am not telling you this to make you uncomfortable or anything. But it’s something I need to acknowledge in my work – that I can get emotionally invested while I shouldn’t.” He paused, clearly waiting for a reaction. “You may want to consider requesting another foster councillor,” he said tiredly when none came. “Why on Earth would I do that?” Poe asked, baffled. This wasn’t going in the expected direction at all – not that he could point any direction he was expecting, but still. “Because you care for Kū?” “Because I should be the wise one here, keeping professional boundaries. I shouldn’t even be sitting here, talking with you like that, but I think you should understand. It seems that given my, uh, my past – working with Kū makes it considerably difficult to set them.” It seemed that what Jones omitted was as important as the things he actually said. Poe didn’t mean to pry, but Kū didn’t have the happiest childhood so far, and if Jones’ was any similar, he could only feel sorry for the man. “I told you that–” Jones trailed off, looking away at Kū. Poe followed his gaze, but there was nothing to worry about, it seemed. “I told you that all our employees are equally qualified and it’s true, but maybe not all of them are – equally adequate,” he finished, strain in his voice perfectly audible. “Bullshit. That’s the dumbest thing I’ve heard in weeks.” Poe reached out to grab Jones’ shoulder but caught himself in time and aborted the movement, his hand hanging awkwardly between them. Months ago he wouldn’t have hesitated. “I mean – you wouldn’t hurt Kū.” “Not ever, I–” “Then I trust you.” Only when he said it aloud, Poe understood that it’s true. “And I trust your judgement – that you will tell me if something is really off. Deal?” “Deal.” Now Jones looked relieved, and a huge smile spread across his face. He really looked very young like this, with his frayed sneakers, and his grey graphic t-shirt, and his colourful index cards, and his blinding smile. Poe smiled back. “Okay, so let’s start with me being out of here. And, uh – this is my regular studying spot, when the weather is decent,” Jones said, throwing his book and a thin blanket into a bag. “So don’t worry if you see me around sometime, I’m not spying on you. Just, you know, move along,” He made a small hand gesture which reminded Poe of something – probably a reference he couldn’t place. It looked familiar enough. “Tell Kū I said bye!” And with that he was gone, sticking headphones into his ears as he went, quickly and without looking back. Chapter 4 Notes: There goes another short update, but the next one will be nice and longer, I promise. There are cute animals in this chapter though, to make up for its length. Thank you all again for your wonderful response to this fic. I really appreciate it, it makes me happy beyond words. Just - thank you. The ringtone played when he was kneading the second batch of dough, of course. Baking wasn’t Poe’s forte – in fact it was rather the opposite of that – but he found a bunch of easy recipes for baking with kids and decided to give them a go. So far it worked great: Kū rolled the dough into evenly shaped balls and placed them on the baking tray with a smile on her face, and the smell coming from the oven was rather a pleasant one. So, of course, his laptop had to let out the Skype ringtone right now. Which could mean only one thing. “Kū, wait right here, I’ll be back in a minute,” he said, scrubbing his hands from the dough and rushing to the laptop. He could ignore it, of course, but it wouldn’t do him anything good. It would only postpone the inevitable and make it worse in the end. Thus Poe took a deep breath, wiped his right hand on his trousers, and accepted the call. “Hi dad,” he said, as enthusiastically as he could manage. His father’s face filled the screen, blurry and pixelated, but Poe would recognise that frown everywhere. He had a storm coming. “How are you?” “Don’t how-are-you me, Poe Dameron! What do I do to get this video thing going?” The screen blurred even more as his father put on his glasses and bowed over his screen with his brows furrowed in concentration. Swearing under his breath, Poe turned on the video option on his side. There was no fighting his fate now. “Oh, here it is! And don’t think I didn’t hear that,” father said, straightening up. “Now we can talk properly. What’s the thing on your face, a rash?” “No, it’s, uh, it’s probably dough. I have cookies in the oven,” Poe said in the faint hope that it would serve as a distraction. But, of course, it didn’t. “Cookies in the oven, huh? That a neat metaphor?” The meaningful waggle of eyebrows was clear even despite the poor image quality, and Poe wanted to die a little. After all these years the urge to cover his face with his hands and groan loudly was still strong, even though he knew that his father was long reconciled with “the gay thing”, as he would put it. “Jesus Christ, dad, what does it even mean?” “It means that last time we spoke you were accepted as a foster father and expecting a kid, remember?” And oh shit, it was true. Poe tried to recall when he last called his father – five weeks ago? Or six? Definitely before Kū was around, but he couldn’t pinpoint the exact date for the life of him. Probably that’s why it was so hard to formulate any sensible thought in Spanish, too. “So, any news on this front?” “Yes, actually, I–” he paused at the sound of the beeping timer. “Wait a moment, dad, I have to, uh, the cookies. Kū, don’t come near the oven!” he called, even though he didn’t expect her to do so. He could hear his father grumble something in the background, but decided to ignore him for a moment. Even though the dough was not perfectly kneaded, Kū rolled the balls out of it nevertheless, and then poked them with her finger, making deep holes. “Twelve,” she announced proudly as he came in, and indeed, there were twelve blobs waiting on the baking tray. Poe smiled at her and she smiled back, and just with that he felt considerably less stressed. “Great job, kiddo! Twelve yummy cookies we have here!” He took out the first batch and put the second in, and even remembered to set the timer. “Now, let’s wash your hands, shall we? And Kū,” he added, offering her a stool so she could reach to the sink, “my father called me on the laptop, and we’re talking right now. Do you want to – come and say hi?” “Your father?” she repeated, visibly puzzled, and pondered over it for a moment. “Is he very big?” “As big as me, more or less,” Poe said, handing her a towel. “But he has a beard and glasses,” he added after a moment, because frankly, the beard his father had grown since they’d last spoken was quite intimidating even for him. “Is he – is he scary?” The question came as a punch in the gut – the more so that it was a legitimate one. Poe knelt down to face Kū and looked her in the eyes, absolutely solemn. “Not at all, kiddo, I promise you. He’s very nice, and he taught me all about kites. And BB-8 likes him.” This was enough to convince Kū to give the old man a chance, but Poe continued, because it had to be said, “but you don’t have to talk to him if you don’t want to.” “Okay. I can go say hi,” she decided, as serious as he was. When they entered the room, there was a mysterious noise coming from the laptop speakers – it sounded as if someone played the horn straight into the microphone. For a moment Poe feared that his father picked up a new hobby, but he couldn’t see any musical instrument on the screen. “Dad, this is Kū,” he introduced in English, waving at her to sit down in front of the laptop. Yet Kū preferred to stand, eyeing the screen cautiously, so all he could do was to finish the official presentation. “Kū, this is my father.” “Hello, little one! My name is Kes, and I am glad to meet you!” And he did look the part – he smiled so wide that even his beard seemed less awful. Poe watched Kū closely, but she didn’t seem scared, rather distrustful, as if she had no idea what to expect. No wonder; one never knew what to expect whilst interacting with Kes Dameron. “I heard that you baked cookies today, was it fun?” His English sounded as fluent as Poe’s Spanish, which meant – slightly unsure and accented as hell. Poe was afraid that it would be a problem, but apparently it was not the case and Kū understood everything clearly. “Yes,” she said with a solemn nod. “I made twelve cookies, and they are in the oven now.” She went a few steps closer to the screen, eyes fixed in Kes’ face. “Sounds good! Do they have any chocolate?” “Yes, and nuts, and raisins…” Kū paused, looked up at Poe and then back at the screen, and frowned. She looked like something bothered her and Poe didn’t like that at all. He squatted down to face her, hoping that his father will be sensible enough to keep quiet for a while. “Can you tell me what’s wrong?” Kū glanced at Kes again, and then turned to Poe with her back at the screen. “Why does he have hair on the wrong side of his head?” There was a brief silence, and then Kes Dameron guffawed so loud that both Poe and Kū startled in shock. He laughed and wheezed, bent in two, so that only the top of his shaven head was visible on the screen. “Don’t worry, kiddo,” Poe said with a sigh, reaching out; she grabbed his hand tightly, but didn’t come closer. “He’s just being silly.” “I live - on the other side - of the world,” Kes managed after a long while, wiping tears from his eyes. “Everything here gets upside down sometimes. But next time we speak, Kū, I’ll have my hair on the right side of my head, promise.” “Okay,” she replied, but didn’t sound very convinced. Suddenly, the weird noise from before came from the speakers; Kū squeezed Poe’s hand even tighter. “What is this?” “This is a fu… I mean, a friendly sloth. Have you seen a sloth before, Kū? Well,” father continued, as she shook her head, “sloths are big lazy animals which live here in my backyard. They climb trees and sleep a lot.” “Like BB-8?” “A bit bigger, but yeah, sort of. And they hang from the trees upside-down!” he added triumphantly, letting out a cackle. It was drowned by another loud cry, which now indeed seemed familiar. “And now Ms Sloth calls Mr Sloth to come home for dinner. For two goddamn days,” he muttered under his nose, and Poe felt a tinge of satisfaction. There were worse things that lovestruck female sloths in your backyard, but there weren’t many of them. “We can watch a movie about sloths later on, if you want,” he said to Kū and she nodded, visibly intrigued. “And now we’ll go buy things for our dinner, all right? Good, then please go and bring your sweater. Seriously, dad,” Poe huffed out as soon as Kū waved at Kes and went to her room, “what’s with these food metaphors today? And besides, no swearing in front of the kid,” he added for a good measure. “Bullshit,” snorted his father. “Your mother and I swore like a pair of sailors and you grew up just fine. She’s sweet, but skittish as hell. You’d better take care of her, you hear me?” “I do. But, you know, no kid lands in the foster care without a reason,” he said with a sigh. His father’s face softened for a moment, as it always did when he spoke about children, but then he was serious again. “You tell me if you need help, all right? Don’t make that face, I’m not coming to surprise you with a visit again,” he said with a laugh which was only a little bit forced. Poe looked away for a moment, relieved and ashamed in equal parts. “Just, between the two of us, I have at least some experience with rearing a difficult child.” Poe huffed in mock indignation, because he knew that he never was a difficult child - he was a very difficult adult though, a fact he was not necessarily proud of. The sloth in the backyard screamed, as if to punctuate this thought. “Unless you have some help on site already, huh? An attractive district nurse perhaps, or…” “Will you stop this? There is no goddamn nurse, it’s just - I have all help I need, dad,” he said, looking away again. He had no idea what made him so nervous, but suddenly he felt like he had to defend himself. “There’s this social worker visiting us once a week to check on Kū, and, and the guys from work call from time to time, and - we’re fine. I promise.” “Well, you’re certainly better,” his father admitted after a pause, squinting at him. “I can see that. Even if it isn’t what I’m asking and you know it. Now go to your cookies,” he said as the timer beeped from the kitchen. “But call your old man sometime, will you?” “I will. See you, dad.” Talking with his father left him even more irritated than usual. Even if he understood that the concern was valid, it didn’t make him bristle any less at the questions and prying. And the attractive nurse , seriously, as if father had no idea how well Poe liked any advice regarding his love life. He was pondering over it long after they left the house, even though he dutifully answered Kū’s questions about sloths, his father, and people from Guatemala living upside down. “Will you have a beard too?” Kū enquired suddenly, when he was trying to unload his cart, pack stuff into bags, pay, and mind her, all at once. The clerk gave him an once-over, mercifully slowing down with the checkout to do so. “Not a bad idea,” she said with a smile, and honest to god batted her eyelashes at him. Poe, who wasn’t at the receiving end of such a gesture for a decade at least, flushed even though there was no real reason to do so. Thank heavens his father was miles away, and it was definitely all his fault, making Poe think about these things at all. With an enormous effort he stuffed the groceries in his bags and backpack and paid for them, avoiding the eye-contact with the clerk all together. “Do you want me to grow a beard, kiddo?” he asked, handing her a leek to carry. “But just so you know, I won’t shave my head. Hair stays.” “You will look like a sheep!” she exclaimed happily, lifting the leek in the air in a triumphant gesture. It was certainly a yes, and Poe cursed himself for even suggesting this. “You know how to compliment a man, don’t you,” he muttered, watching her from the corner of his eye. Kū marched with a small smile on her face and the leek leaned on her shoulder. She didn’t seem nervous at all - no glancing around, no hiding or panicked squeezing of his hand. We are fine, Poe thought to himself, and were he carrying a leek, he would throw it in the air too.