Ben Solo shifted, holding his camera - a Canon Powershot G7-X - as his partner in crime studied the shelves in front of them. "Now, this is our first time doing anything like this, but you wanted us to try, and here we are." Armitage Hux turned, flashing the camera a quick grin as he started moving around packages of toilet paper, building up what appeared to be walls, and filling in the holes Ben snorted, glancing down the aisle as someone walked past, pushing a cart, complete with screaming child. "Thanks to research, we've found that it's best to start with the outside walls," Ben motioned to where Armitage was nearly done with a length of wall. "As you can see, 'Tage is working on that." With another grin at the camera, and a quick glance to make sure no one was around, Hux pushed aside a stack, leading into the shelves. When Ben gave the all-clear the red-haired YouTuber ducked into the large unit. There was a shuffle as Hux held out his hand for the camera, which Ben passed to him before the stack was slid back into place, closing him in. With no camera for Ben to interact with and nothing really to do until Hux called for him, Ben leaned against a post, arms crossed with a scowl on his face. "Excuse Me? Hi! Is there anything I can help you find?" Ben blinked, turning to look for the owner of the voice, an open, bright sound. She was small -though most were smaller than his nearly 6-foot form - with a bizarre, three-bun hairstyle that looked all sorts of uncomfortable. She tilted her head as he stared. "Can I help you find anything?" With a sputter, Ben shook his head. "N-no, just waiting for someone. A friend." Out of the corner of his eye, Ben saw Hux peering out of their fort, the camera trained on his conversation. Ben turned his attention back to the employee - Rey, her sticker-covered name tag said. "Alright! If you need any help, let us know!" She smiled, bright, and Ben wondered if her mother knew how fitting a name she had chosen. He watched wordless as she walked away, offering help to the mother and the screaming child. From across the way, Hux waved him over, pushing open the doorway. "Everything's ready to go if we want to find some decorations and shit." He handed the camera, now off, to Ben and slid out, getting to his feet in one smooth motion as Ben watched, stepping back to give him room. "So what did that employee want?" Ben's face darkened, turning red. "Nothing really. Just asking if I needed help with anything." Hux shrugged. "She's pretty. We'll have to be careful though. She might be onto us." Ben nodded and the pair started to the home decorations, grabbing a cart on the way. They picked up some decorative rugs, and two small beanbag chairs, and Ben picked out a Star Wars picture, while Hux chose a tasteful - though fake - plant. They walked back towards the toilet paper aisle, the camera on as they moved. "We've got some decorations," Hux droned, using one hand to pick up the items, showing them off. "Some chairs for comfort, a nice rug, and some other things. So now it's time to decorate." Hux went in first, taking the camera and Ben handed each object to him, waiting for the right chance to sneak in alongside his friend. It was a tight fit for the taller man, and he had to curl up slightly to make sure they wouldn't be seen. He pushed the door back into place and Hux trained the camera onto him. "Ben might be a little big for this one, folks. But, here's our fort. We've got the doorway over here, leading into the main living area. A nice plant, and a picture Ben found. Priceless artwork, as you can see." Ben snorted and leaned back, attempting to stretch out more, and he pulled his phone out, snapping a few pics, for both his snapchat and their shared Instagram. Hux set the camera up so it captured both him and Ben, and the pair smiled at their viewers. "While we have a chance, we have some exciting news. Daf from over on CptPhas is going to be home for a few days soon, so we have some exciting things planned with her. If you don't remember, we did the 24-hour Insane Asylum overnight video with her, and so that's exciting. We've also got some plans for a livestream coming up, so keep on the lookout for that." Ben nodded. "If you want us to do more forts, or anything else, leave a comment down below, we'll definitely take a look at new ideas." Hux was about to say more when light filtered through, and both froze as one wall toppled inwards, showing the employee from earlier, with a confused look on her face. "Oh, um, hello... I see you've found your friend." Ben's eyes widened and Rey leaned back on her heels, taking in the two. "As fun as I'm sure this is, I'm going to have to ask you to leave. It's a safety hazard for you, and I'd hate to get into trouble for this." Hux leaned forwards, swiping the camera up and smiling charmingly. "You could always pretend you didn't see us. She pretended to think, and for a second, Hux thought he had won her over; but she shook her head, tugging more of the walls down. "As I said, as fun as your fort building is, I'm going to have to ask you to pack up and leave." Ben unfolded himself from the cramped space, wincing slightly as his back stretched. Hux grudgingly picked up their decorations and put them back into the cart. She followed them as Hux put the items away and Ben fiddled with the camera in his hand, turning it off. She watched him carefully, and the taller male felt his ears turn red at the continuous attention. . "You are staring," Hux commented offhandedly as they started back towards the front of the store, Rey still on their heels. The employee didn't respond and Hux spun to walk backwards, eyes amused. "I mean, I understand why. Ben is hot, right? He's also pretty decent if you know what I mean?" Ben choked, as if forgetting how to breathe, and Rey laughed, earning a sly grin from the red-haired man as he leaned in close, whispering in the girl's ear. She laughed again, and pulled a pen out, scribbling something on Hux's hand before flashing the pair a bright smile and turning to return to her work. Hux grinned as he and Ben walked back to Ben's car, and the driver turned the camera back on. Pointing it at Hux. "As you can see, we got caught, Ben's new friend was the one. I knew she was onto us the minute I saw her," Hux shrugged, showing off the scribbled writing on his hand. "We did however, score a number, so that was an unexpected plus." Ben rolled his eyes and got into the car, setting the camera so it caught both of them as Hux climbed in. "In any case, thanks for joining us today, I hope you enjoyed watching us, and give us a like or a subscribe! Feel free to comment any ideas below and we'll take a look." "Have a great day, and thanks again for watching!" Notes: OKAY SO I TOTAlly got the idea for this from MoreJstu on YouTube. They are known for pranks/24-hour vids, and most recently, TP forts! I wanted to see six-foot-tall Ben stuff himself into a tiny shelving unit for science xD