She was angry. No scratch that. She was very angry! Rey was perched on the counter of the kitchen in her home that she shared with the her husband, Finn. She was however very much considering killing said husband. She had warned him against doing what she knew he very well went and just did. Sooner than expected, she heard the opening of the door to their home, and hushed whispers that she knew for certain were coming from Finn. Through the force she could feel that he was feeling anxiety and a tinge of fear. Good. She wanted him to be fearful right now. She took a few deep breaths, crossed her arms and waited for her soon-to-be-dead husband to enter the kitchen. However, when the door was flung open, it wasn't her husband that came rushing in, but a 3 foot monster that was their daughter, Lily Skywalker. As mad as Rey was at Finn, she couldn't help the wide smile that graced her features at the sight of her daughter's flushed face and messy curls. "Mummy!" Lily cried, running into Rey and giving her legs a tight hug that could rival any of Finn's "Hey munchkin" said Rey, whilst patting her daughter's head and returning her embrace. She then separated herself from Lily, and kneeled in front of her so she could make eye contact, "Did you have fun luv? You're not hurt are you?" Rey asked, giving her the once-over. Lily scrunched up her nose and patted her mum's face and assured Rey, "No mummy, I fine, and dad...daddy took me so fast!" Her face held a wondrous expression and Rey couldn't help but chuckle at her daughter's obvious joy at riding on a land speeder; that was one thing Rey knew that Lily had inherited from her. That being said, Rey was still mad at Finn for taking Lily on a ride without her say-so or supervision. Remembering her husband, Rey's mood turned sour "Where's your dad Lily"" Rey asked, brushing back Lily's soft curls from her face. "Putting speedy back" Lily replied innocently, her bright green eyes staring back at her mother Coward, Rey thought. She knew for a fact that it didn’t take that long to park the speeder, her husband was avoiding her. She then told Lily to go clean up as dinner was almost ready. Rey then went back to finishing up dinner, and soon enough she heard a throat clearing behind her. Rey turned around to see her husband standing there, with a nervous smile on his face and one of his hands scratching the back of his head. They continued staring at each other, Finn waiting to see her reaction and Rey thinking of imaginative ways to kill him. Finn took a deep breath "Rey I-" "Stop" ordered Rey putting her hand up. "Just stop" Finn wouldn’t listen "I don’t understand why you're being like this, you're being completely unreasonable" The more he talked, the more Rey's mood soured and the bigger the scowl on her beautiful face became. "I'm being unreasonable?! Me?! That's rich coming from the guy who took his young, defenceless daughter on a land speeder ride in the dark!" Rey was really starting to vent now, Finn on the other hand looked surprised by her outburst. "Do you not realise the number of shady groups that come through Starnim (the planet they reside on) this time of year?" Rey asked angrily, "For force's sake, it's hunting season Finn!" "I realise that babe" said Finn, with his hands out trying to placate his wife, he was surprised by how upset she was. He thought she'd be mildly annoyed giving it was a bit cold outside, but he didn't expect this kind of reaction and for these reasons. "But you've gotta realise she wasn't driving that thing alone, I was with her" he said with a smirk. "And plus, I made her wear her heavy coat so she wouldn’t get sick" Rey wanted to wipe the smirk off his face "I don't care about the bloody cold, Finn! I care about my daughter being around dangerous men, without me there to protect her!" declared Rey irately. "Uhh!" Finn scoffed, lokking at her with wide eyes, "and what am I? A sack of groat chop? I was gonna be there if anything happened luv" Finn said imploringly. Rey just turned her head away, shaking it moodily "I can look after her you know" Finn stated a tad defensively Rey continued to look away Finn annoyed now, "What? You don't think I can?" He had a scowl now as well, "Just because I don’t have the force-" "It's not about that" Rey interrupted him "Then what are you moaning about?" Finn asked a bit aggressively Rey turned to glare at him, "I just needed to be there okay?" "No you didn't, cuz I was there" Finn retorted, "What is this really about Rey?" Finn demanded Rey just sighed, and a sort of almost guilty look overshadowed her features, she looked Finn in the eyes and Finn knew. It hurt Finn realised, it hurt a lot, but it made a lot of sense, given her behaviour towards him the last 6 months. "Oh" Finn said in an almost defeated tone Rey's green eyes were remorseful, "Finn It's-" "No, I get it," Finn interrupted her, "I get it now. I get it why you haven't really looked at me the way you used to the past months, or even kissed me the way you us-" "Finn, that's not tru-" "But it is Rey. Tell me luv, when was the last time we made love or even fell asleep holding each other, you still blame me don't you?" Finn looked at her with a lump in his throat, his sad eyes imploring her to answer. Rey could only shake her head at his words, as a few tears escaped her eyes and slid down her face. Her throat was too clogged up for her to generate a response. She wanted to tell him he was wrong, that she didn't blame him, but she realised at that moment, everything he was saying was true. Rey saw Finn nodding his head while looking up at the ceiling, blinking hard; she knew that was how he usually stopped himself from shedding tears. Rey felt terrible. There was a silence in the kitchen suffocating both of them, until Lily came back bounding into the kitchen. "Mummy I did it" Lily declared enthusiastically regarding her cleaning up; she was clearly too smart a girl for her age. That sentiment was further proven when she stopped all of a sudden sensing the tension in the room. She looked at her mum who had dry tears and her father whose hands were shaking and not looking at her, she went to Finn and grabbed his hand. "Daddy?" She questioned innocently, "you look sad" Finn finally looked down at her, and shook his head, "No munchkin, I'm fine, just the cold got to me." He reassured her with a fake smile. Lily wasn't convinced; she wasn't trained in the force at all but she could still sense unease through it. She turned to look at Rey, "Mummy what's wrong with daddy?" Rey looked at her daughter, feeling extremely dreadful, but before she could even think of an answer Finn stormed out the kitchen, leaving them both alone. Finn didn't come down the rest of the night, so Rey had to convince her daughter that her dad was feeling a little under the weather and that he'd be a lot better tomorrow after a bit of sleep. Lily wasn't buying it, but the hectic nature of the day got to her, and she fell asleep soon after. When Rey finally made it to her bedroom after tucking in Lily, she realised that Finn was sleeping in the guest room, and with a heavy heart she fell into a fitful sleep alone. Needless to say, Rey and Finn both did not have a great sleep, nightmares plagued their minds. The tension during breakfast in the morning was palpable, not one word was uttered. Poor Lily had no idea what was going on but was smart enough not to ask. Rey desperately wanted to explain herself to Finn but she had no idea how to start, and Finn on the other hand hadn't even glanced in her direction all morning. Suddenly, the family heard the unmistakable sound of a ship landing outside, and it wasn't the sound of any old ship, it was Poe's ship – the Andorian VI. Lily recognised the sound and rushed outside giddily, with Finn and Rey catching up behind her. The vessel gate opened before she was even outside and she rushed into Poe's arms. "Uncle Poe!" She shouted happily, snaking her arms around Poe's neck with a death grip. Poe chuckled his staple Poe wry chuckle, picking her up. "Hey pretty lady! You seem to be getting bigger and bigger every-time I see you." Lily laughed delightedly at that and he kissed her on the nose, Poe always managed to charm her socks off. "That's because she probably eats her father's helpings as well" said an amused voice from behind Poe, Lily looked up to see her Uncle Ben approaching them down the ramp; she stuck her tongue out at him. "That's not nice Lily," Poe admonished her amusedly as Ben Solo came to stand beside them. Lily just gave him back a megawatt smile with all her teeth showing and her dimples on display. "She's fat but still cute I guess," Ben teased her "I not fat!" Lily declared annoyedly, her cute face was in a pout "You certainly aren't luv" came Rey's amused voice from in front. She turned to look at the new arrivals with a smile, Finn standing to a distance at her side, "We weren't expecting you two for another few days." "Well we can always head back and come back later" Joked Ben "No, no need, I guess we can put up with you guys an extra few days." Joked back Finn "Good because I was not going to head back after that trip," Poe said walking towards them and giving them both an embrace whilst still carrying Lily. "Let's go inside shall we?" He suggested and the rest followed him. After an hour catching up or so, Poe and Ben both noticed a significant tension between Finn and Rey; they weren't communicating with each other at all; Rey was solely directing her attention towards Poe and Ben, whilst Finn was just entertaining Lily. Soon enough, Ben decided enough was enough, and gestured towards Poe to occupy Finn while he talked to Rey in order to get to the bottom of this. Poe understood and nodded his head. "Hey Finn," he said, "You heard about that raid that Jess and I carried out in Dantooine a while ago right?" "Right" Finn answered back, looking up from where Lily was playing with is hair "Well I found this awesome blaster in the inventory, it's the new Dedlanite dude, it's in the ship right now" Poe told him excitedly. Finn perked up and he stood "Well you're gonna have to kriffin' show me bro" Finn replied enthusiastically, before cringing at Lily over his use of language; his daughter just giggled with her hands over her mouth, her curls shaking with her muted laughter. Everyone smirked at he adorableness, even Rey, who tended to not allow words like that in front of her. "Come on then" Poe said "Ooh! Can I come too daddy?" Lily asked "Sure" said Finn amusedly. Lily squealed and followed them both outside, holding onto Finn's hand. When they finally left, Ben turned to Rey "So, want to inform me of this bizarre tension I've been feeling between you and Finn since we've landed?" He asked her matter-of-factly, pointing his thumb at her before pointing it towards the way in which they left. Rey turned to look at him in an almost defensive manner before a second later her shoulders dropped and she let out a defeated sigh. She put a hand over her face and said, "I'm a bitch." Ben let out a snort before he could help himself, and in turn she looked up and glared at him. "Sorry" he said apologetically, " Now tell me what happened, so Rey ended up recapping the whole extent of their argument, and Ben listened attentively the whole way. "Soo.." Ben started, a long while after she finished, "...you mean to tell me that you basically admitted to Finn you blamed him for Snoke kidnapping Lily?" Rey sniffed and nodded forlornly "Rey," Ben uttered sympathetically, "It's not his fault that Snoke managed to mind control him, he was the most powerful force-user I've ever known, apart from you. There's no way Finn could have fought it." Rey let out a miserable moan dropping her face in her hands "I-I know that" she uttered miserably and Ben could tell she was very close to tears, "But I c-can't help it; every-time I look at him I-I remember his face t-telling me how Snoke managed to take my Lily away and I get so mad." "At Finn?" Ben asked though already knowing the answer "No" Rey declared harshly, shocking Ben and herself, "No, not Finn, at myself" Ben walked over to her and knelt down in front of her, he took her hands in his "Rey if you blame yourself, then why were you mad at Finn for so long?" Ben asked confusedly but wanting to understand Rey shrugged her shoulders and tears started tumbling down her cheeks, " I guess it was easier to blame Finn, then blaming myself for not getting there quick enough when Finn called for my help." "Force" Rey cried, "I'm so heartless, I really hurt him Ben" she was crying full on now and Ben pulled her into a hug "Sshh, it's okay Rey-" "No, it's not okay, I failed my daughter and I hurt Finn, he's never going to forgive me, he hates me" "He will Rey, just explain it to him, he's still head over heels in love with you cousin" Ben assured her Rey looked into his eyes, "Really?" "How could I be anything but?" another voice breathed from the doorway. Rey snapped her head up and saw Finn standing in the doorway, with Poe and Lily behind him, He had a small smile on his face, that lit a thousand candles of hope in Rey's chest. Ben smiled as well and got up and convinced Lily, alongside Poe to let her parents have some time alone. A few moments later it was only Finn and Rey in the house, Lily had gone with Poe and Ben to check out the ship. The young couple stared at each other. Rey broke the silence, standing up "I'm so sorry Finn" she whispered cryingly, "I don't blame you, I could never blame you" Finn just shook his head and took a few steps towards her "I heard what you said to Ben" he said quietly, his voice cracking, "I don't blame you either Rey" "I blame me" she said looking down defeatedly "You saved her Rey" Finn declared imploringly taking a few more steps towards his wife, his voice still cracking, "you saved our daughter from Snoke, and I don't think I can thank you enough." Rey's shoulders started shaking from he weeping and she looked up at Finn, and his heart broke seeing his wife look so distraught, "You don't hate me then?" she asked him Finn reached her and looked down at her earnestly, "You've given me life Rey, you're the love of my life, how could I ever hate you?" he questioned, holding her face with both hands and using his thumbs to wipe the tears from her face. Rey looked up at him astounded, thanking every star in the universe for landing this beautiful man at the end of her stick, on that fateful day in Jakku. All of a sudden she grabbed the lapels of Finn's jacket with her fists and crushed her lips to his, Finn let out a moan of approval and forced her mouth open sweeping his tongue into her mouth. She moaned into his mouth and warred his tongue with hers, hooking her arms around his neck and bringing him closer. She pushed back against him, her fingers burrowing through his curly black hair, turning so that he was the one pressed against the lounge, and he let out a growl of approval as her lips trailed down his jaw, teeth grazing softly against his neck. She unbuttoned his shirt, the material falling away as she pushed it over his shoulders, then the moment his arms were free she found herself scooped up against him. Rey wrapped her legs around his waist, groaning as his erection pushed urgently against her once more. he then undressed her. They moved to the bedroom and sat down on the bed so Rey straddled him. His chest was hard beneath her fingers, marred only by a few scars that fascinated her greedy fingers, and his length sat rigidly between her legs. Rey nipped at his neck as he pushed against her once more, his hand moving to cup her breast while the other held her to him possessively. Finn pulled the flimsy lace away and ran his finger around her nipple, carefully teasing her before lowering his head and taking it in his mouth. She moaned as his tongue flicked across her skin, steadily stoking the fire that had begun to burn deep within her. Rey arched her back as she reached behind her to remove her bra entirely, letting the scrap of lace fall to the ground, and Finn took full advantage as he reached to touch her other breast. He pleasured her, stroking her heated skin until Rey thought she might die if he didn't enter her then and there. "I need you," she whispered in his ear, writhing against him when Finn captured her lips once more, only letting her go as she slid lower in his lap to remove his pants. His erection sprang free, and Rey found herself yearning to touch him, to find more of the pleasure she knew he had to offer. She stepped back from the bed, slowly dragging her hands across her torso before pulling down her underwear. Finn leaned up on his elbows, watching her movements with unadulterated lust. His hands moved to her hips as she straddled him once more, his lips covering hers as he pulled her against his heated skin. His deft fingers trailed across her stomach, the lightest touch that sent shivers across her skin before they swept over her clitoris. She couldn't help but push her body against his as he teased her there, travelling lower to collect the moisture that had gathered between her thighs and spreading it across her skin. She pressed her mouth against his neck, her nails digging into his shoulders as he touched her intimately and gave her what she'd been craving. He dipped one finger inside her leisurely, as his thumb continued to stroke her, relentlessly driving her to the brink. Rey almost whimpered when his hand left her, until she felt his erection probing at her entrance. "Look at me," he commanded, but she couldn't, unable to part with his heat. In a sudden movement he rolled, and she was pressed against the bed, pinned down by his weight. He leaned up on both arms, and she tried to follow him, but he gently pushed her back down, his hand splayed across her neck as he captured her gaze. Instead, she wrapped her legs around him tightly, determined to pull his hips towards hers, but somehow he managed to resist her. "Please," the word slipped from her mouth. "I've got ypou babe," Finn remarked with a smirk before grabbing her legs and pushing inside her in one smooth stroke, and Rey cried out from the mix of pain and pleasure. Finn didn't wait for her to adjust to his size, pulling back to thrust into her again. Every movement was hard and rough as pushed into her, more forcefully each time as she grew wetter for him, her legs pulling him even closer so she could rise up to meet him. She heard him rasp something in her ear, though she could barely formulate a thought, let alone comprehend words, and he drove into her with wild abandon and soon even that wasn't enough. Rey pushed him onto his back, following him so she could take control, and she saw the approval in his eyes as he reached up to caress her body. Her hair fell over her shoulders as she leaned toward him, placing her hands either side of his head. She ground her hips hard against his with every downward thrust as she filled herself with him and Rey felt the pressure of her orgasm build uncontrollably. As though he could sense she was about to slip over the edge, Finn grabbed her hips to steady her and took over. It wasn't long before the pressure inside her shattered, exploding on a soundless yell and her body arched from the sheer force of it. She collapsed onto his chest, unable to catch her breath as the aftershocks of her orgasm rolled through her, and she knew from the way Finn tensed as he held her that he'd found his release. His hand touched her lower back lightly, trailing up to pull through her hair in an oddly comforting way before he rolled her over, pushing between her thighs once more. Some time later, after both had caught their breath, and Rey was laying with Finn with her head on his chest and stroking his belly, they realised how much they both missed this intimacy. Finn though did feel a bit bad fro being so rough with her. "I'm sorry Rey about being rough before," Finn apologised looking down at her, Rey just snorted. "Trust me Finn, if I hadn't liked it, it would only take me a swipe of my hand for you to stop," she stated a bit smugly Finn chuckled heartily, a sound that made Rey's heart flutter, even after all the sex, simple things about him still had an effect on her. She leaned up from where she was laying, and traced the contours of his face with her fingers and then her lips, "I'm so sorry Fin-" Finn put a finger over her mouth, "Hey, let's stop that yeah, we both made mistakes, let's not worry over it anymore." Rey nodded her head and kissed his finger and took it into her mouth, sucking on it, Finn's breath hitched. "How long do you think before those guys come back inside?" he asked her Rey giggled, "Trust me, Poe and Ben don't need lessons in timing, we've caught them enough times for them to know when to disturb us and when to not" she reassured him She gripped his now semi-hard erection and smirked at him, "but enough of Ben and Poe, and just watch me suck your dick" Finn was no fool and did as she asked. THE END Notes: My first foray into fic-writing, let me know what you think, but please don't hesitate to go ape-shit on me. Criticism helps my writing immensely. Don't forget to review