A Night Spent Well You couldn’t sleep. The ache in your gut kept you awake, demanding to be heard and felt. It twisted and turned, your body becoming hot and your hair damp from the sweat that had begun dripping down your forehead. You stood up, wanting a distraction even if only for the moment. You pulled the sweat soaked shirt off, throwing it into the corner of your quarters. You grabbed one that was nearly identical, the regulation black cloth fitting snuggly on your figure. You walked into the refresher, checking that you didn’t look as hot of a mess as you felt. After preening your hair for a few moments, you made your way down to a nondescript training room. The halls of the ship were bland and white, seemingly too bright for whatever time it was at night. You glanced to the watch on your wrist. The plain white numbers read 0223. Great , you thought. This is gonna be a long night . You weren’t going to sleep that night, you knew, but you tried not think about it. Your heat shouldn’t be coming, but the implant underneath the skin on your arm needed replacing. Going down to the medical ward and admitting your lack of upkeep with it was too much for your pride. Now, walking down the hallways with a steady pain in your abdomen and your temperature slowly rising, you wished you’d have swallowed your pride when you noticed it was two months over-due for a change. Instead, you idly walked with your hand on the walls, tracing them with your fingers as you made your way to your distraction. You opened the door to the training room, happy to see that it was empty. You breathed a sigh of relief, pulling out your datapad to send an email to your superior officers. The last thing you wanted to do at 0234 hours was email General Hux that you’d gone into heat and would need the next week off to…handle things. You typed the message out, scheduling the message to send at 0500, promptly when Hux would be rising from his bed to ruin someone’s day. Once you’d finished, you sat it down next to you and stood. You locked your hands together, pulling them far above your head and leaning left, and then right, adamant on stretching before doing anything else. You reached down to your toes, feeling your abdomen protesting as it twisted in your heat. You bit down, ignoring the slick that had begun to pool in your underwear. The door slammed behind you, and you stood straight up. There stood, who you assumed was a ‘trooper. A drunk alpha, no less. This was the last thing you needed as you came into your heat. He strode over to you, a crooked smile playing across his lips. He wasn’t unattractive, you thought. He had beautiful dark skin, standard short hair, and freckles playing across his features. No matter how pretty you thought him, however, you did not want a stranger’s knot in you during your heat. You puffed up your chest, grabbing the knife you’d kept in your boot – against regulation, of course. Hux would be disappointed, but right now he was the last thing on your mind. You kept the switchblade hidden in your palm, turned away from the alpha so as not to provoke him. His eyes dragged all the way up your body, from your toes to your face until you locked eyes with him. He leaned in, lifting a hand to stroke your face. His knuckles were just brushing over your cheek when he stopped, wide-eyed. He had stopped breathing, it seemed, and was beginning to panic at this fact. You stood, frozen staring back at him as he gripped at his throat, trying to remove a restriction that wasn’t tangible. Finally, the man took a deep breath in, coughing as he fled the training room. Your eyes followed him as he left, noting the presence that loomed in the doorway. Shit. You bowed, as low as one could under your particular circumstances, attempting to be respectful - unsure on how to carry yourself when in the presence of a Knight of Ren. When you rose, the dark presence was gone, and once again you were left alone in the training room. You gathered up the few things you’d taken with you and trotted back to your room, closing the door swiftly behind you. You peeled the clothes that had begun to stick to you, and laid in bed, the twisting in your gut only growing as you ignored what your body so desperately needed. You closed your eyes, praying for the pain, the desperation to go away. Though you had been fighting it all day, it suddenly melted away to the pain in your head. It was as if a drill had gone through your skull, everything spinning, memories and feelings flipping about as if someone was rummaging through your every moment. After a minute or so, the pain went away, and once again you were aware of the excruciating feeling of your heat, piled on top of the headache you had just acquired. You felt the tears run down your cheeks leaving hot streaks. You turned onto your side, rummaging in the drawers next to your bed searching for the toy your friends had bought you as a joke one year. You’d decided to keep it, and now you were very glad you did. It was large, a wide girth and an eight-inch shaft, made of tempered glass. You pushed your hips up, pulling your pants down, kicking them off onto the floor nearby. You let your legs spread, running one hand up your thigh as you pressed the cold toy to your entrance, pushing it in easily. You threw your head back at the sensation, your other hand coming up to rest over your mouth to muffle the sounds that might escape. You pumped the toy in and out of your wet cunt, reveling in the feeling of being filled up. You moved your other hand back down, pressing a finger lightly to your clit, starting in soft, slow motions. You quickened your pace, feeling yourself get close. When you finally came, you saw white, your walls clenching around the toy inside of you. Once you’d come down, you removed the toy, sitting it on the dresser next to you. You’d clean it tomorrow. It was going to be a long week, you sighed, closing your eyes and praying for sleep if only for a few hours. Notes: hmu with them Blessed Kudos™ and comments, friendos. or message me @ my main (http://blizzards-bitch.tumblr.com/)