1.1 at the first light of dawn there are over a million of people awake or asleep, beginning their daily routine or taking a moment to let themselves be immersed in the beauty of the sun rising over a planet's edge, shining fiercely as if to let everyone know that it was indeed a thing to be marveled at. the sun's blinding color and heat touched everything in sight, and while some appreciated it’s exuberance there were others who wished it away, others that would be overjoyed to be able to throw a blanket over the bright star and step on it as if it were a roach that had been scurrying around their kitchen floor for far too long. perhaps that’s why two people, born in the same exact moment with the same amount of sun gracing their wrinkly, bloody faces, were polar opposites of one another. at least, that’s what they were manipulated to believe. armitage hux was an exceptionally intelligent young boy of the first order academy. armitage always strived to be the best in everything he was involved in, for he knew that in order to become a great leader, one that could wake up everyday to ruling the galaxy and ridding it of its impurities, he had to be number one. he had to have perfect marks if he ever wanted to attract the attention of the supreme leader. at first, armitage wasn’t sure if all he ventured for was what he wanted or if it was just his father trying to live through him vicariously, pushing armitage to achieve all the things he never quite got to experience. in the end it didn’t matter much to armitage, for all he wanted was to make his father proud and leave behind the notion that armitage was weak-willed and a sitting duck. the freckled red-head began his descent down the hardwood stairs to the dining room where the household maid was seeing that all food, dishes, and silverware be arranged correctly as they were every night before. armitage took a seat at one end of the long table, and began to wait for his father, as he also did every night before. a long, soft sigh escaped him as he began to kick his shined leather covered feet back-and-forth, even becoming unable to resist the temptation of playing with the first order emblem on his shorts. the quiet slosh of water being poured into the tall glasses on the table made him look up for a brief second, but then he continued with his actions when he saw that his father was still absent. after thirty-two minutes and forty-five seconds of swinging leather feet and playing with one's clothes he heard the heavy footsteps that belonged to his overworking father. immediately his hands folded in his lap and he sat up impeccably straight, legs coming to a halt. the maid hastily took the insulated dome covers off the food and made her way to the kitchen with them in hand. armitage greeted his father by standing up and giving a short bow of the head, before returning back to his seat. his father sat down in front of him, on the other side of the table, and silently began to put food on his plate, to which armitage copied. once they both got the amount that pleased them that’s when atmosphere gained whispery conversation. “how was school, armitage? that combat final went well, i presume?” the commandant began slicing into the somewhat bloody piece of meat, forking a piece into his mouth. “yes, father, all went quite well. i got an ‘immaculate’ mark on the shooting and hand-to-hand sections.” armitage looked up from his pasta to meet the cold, blue eyes of his father who was nodding in approval of armitage’s good grades. “good, good.” the silence began to overtake the dining room again, but armitage stopped its spread. “how was your work today, father? i believe that you got a new shipment of stormtroopers this morning, correct?” “well, yes and no. they’re not quite stormtroopers yet, they’re just...blank slates, so to speak. though, soon, they will be troopers, and exceptionally skilled ones they will be. once you have graduated and gained the time, the experience, it takes to not only be a man, but a respectable leader of the first order you will one day take my place, or perhaps even become something bigger than me.” armitage smiled up at his father, wiping away a stray stain of sauce from the corner of his lips, to which his father softly smiled back. when the silence enveloped the room a second time it was a happy silence, one now filled with euphoric dreams and promises. armitage didn’t mind it at all. after dinner, armitage had slipped into his nightwear and under his black bed sheets, now finally getting the escape he longed for at the end of every day. closing his eyes, he was met with pitch blackness and let it consume him until he drifted off into unconsciousness. it was shady, and he began to format that he was underneath a tree, sitting next to it as he played with two twin tie fighters. making noises imitating the sound of the fast-paced vehicles he was stunned when he heard a voice call out and say, “can i play?” armitage’s eyes widened substantially and he turned toward to source of the sound, squinting when he saw that the person was being covered by the sun, causing him to be somewhat blinded. “come out from the light, i can’t see you.” the small body hesitated at first, but then did as armitage said. once they showed themselves, armitage’s eyes almost popped out of their sockets. it was a girl, but not like any other girl in his classes at the academy. no, this girl had a soft nose, a warm smile, and an inviting demeanor. so, naturally for a ten-year-old, he asked, “are you god?” the nine-year-old brown girl laughed, and armitage swore that he felt his heart stop beating in fear that he was being mocked, but instead she sat down next to him and gave a toothy grin. “say i am. would that mean i can play?” armitage raised his eyebrows as he began searching for words to say to this new stranger. “well, you could play even if you aren’t.” the curly-haired girl smiled in response, and softly took one of the fighters from armitage’s freckled hand. when she began eyeing it cautiously his breathing began to fasten in alarm that he did something wrong. “tie fighters? are you with the galactic empire?” armitage’s brain began doing backflips, trying to decide if he should lie or not. “i…..well, yes. i am.” i am not weak-willed. i am not a sitting duck. the girl sternly observed the toy, and then the freckled boy in front of her, before deciding that the answer was sufficient enough for her, and she, too, began mimicking the sound of the fast-paced starfighter raising the toy model over her head and armitage’s to initiate the game of imaginary chase. Notes: thank you for reading, and please leave tips/constructive criticism on my writing if possible. i hope to continue this story and watch it bloom with you all!