Prolog He slowly opens his eyes. He can’t see much it’s way too dark. An old lightbulb above him, only flickering not doing its job at all. Maybe the wires are broken… He tries to move but it feels impossible. He‘s incredibly numb like he drank too much… He tries moving his arms but seems like they are attached to some leather straps. Panik starts slowly taking over. There is no explanation how he had ended up in this room bound to the surface he lies on. Looking around all he can see is that the whole room is tiled. Pobably white tiles… it’s only a guess since he can’t see much. His back is cold and he is only covert with a thin white sheet. It nearly looks like he is bound to an operating table. Oh god… He feels sick like he’ll need to vomit at any time. Maybe a hangover? No…no…no… How has he ended up here? He can’t remember a thing he doesn’t even know his own name. The door opens with a soud squeak. There are steps coming dagerously close. The person is now standing behind him he can feel the presence. He wants to scream but somhow there’s no noise coming out of his mouth. Hot tears running down his cheeks. He is going to die he’s sure of that… He will die not even remembering if he had friends or family…not knowing who he is and not knowing why… 'Good morning Techie. How do you feel?' It’s a woman talking! Who is she? Who’s Techie ??? He tries screaming again but it’s hopeless… 'Isn’t it exciting? You’re finnally getting your new eyes today!' What?? He has eyes he’s pretty sure of it. He can see just fine!! Could it be that he is just dreaming? Is this only an awful nightmare?? The woman is now standing on his left side in her hand she is holding a silver plate with strange tools lying on top of it. He can’t see her face because she’s wearing surgical mask and a hairnet but it seems like she knows him? She starts filling a syringe holding a vial in her other hand with some strange translucent liquid. 'Please hold still or else it’s going to hurt even more honey!' She bends over him the syringe now filled with the liquid. She’s wearing surgical gloves and they smell awfully like ethanol. He want’s to turn his head away but he knows he has no chance against her. It’s impossible to escape. The leather straps are strong and holding him down if he’d move even more they would definitly cut the skin on his wrists. His heart racing in his ribcage like it’s trying to escape his body. Sweat running down his face mixing with his tears. The syringe is now dangerously close to his left eyeball. 'Just look up at the ceiling dear. I promise I‘ll make it quick!' He obeys staring to the ceiling trying to accept that there is nothing he can do at the moment. Still waves of panic washing over him. She stabs his eyeball and it hurts like hell but still he is unable to make any noise …why?... Once the syringe is empty his eyeball is getting extremely numb. 'I need to sedate your eyes or else you’re not going to survive this sweetheart!' She fills the syringe once again now aiming for his right eyeball. 'Shh it’s okay…everything is okay…' that’s the last thing he hears before everything goes black again. He is trying to open his eyes but something is strange… The room around him is blurred and holding his eyes open feels so exhausting. There is a sharp pain in the back of his head and he feels sick again. He tries to get up but someone is pushing him down. 'Honey were halfway done I’m so proud just hold still a little longer!' Who… oh right he is still lying on the operating table… The woman has some silver scissors in her hand but they …oh… they are smudged with blood… this is his own blood… He starts whimpering that’s the only noise he can make. 'Just look at the ceiling dear! We’re nearly done with the worst part okay? Just a few more minutes!' His whole body is shakeing and his wrists burn like hell. His whole body is filled with pain. What has he done to deserve this? He really hopes that he’s going unconcious again. He’s not a religous person but he is praying now. Praying that this horror will come to an end. And maybe out there somone had mercy because the darkness is surounding him once again. It feels like a warm blanket he can wrap himself up in. Maybe he is dead who knows he doesn’t care anymore. All he wants is to forget the pain and these memories. There’s a familiar noise. Sonds like it’s coming from far away. Beep…beep…beep…beep 'Brendol it’s time to get up!'