Rey was going to kill Finn. She was actually going to pin him down and gut him like a fish for making her do this. She should be studying – heck they both should be – for their upcoming finals, yet here she was, standing before her mirror with pursed lips as she gave her final outfit choice a glance over; minutes from setting off to conduct an interview in place of her roommate. And his excuse? Finn was ill with the flu. Rey had pretended not to see him not so subtly kicking an empty bottle of vodka under his bed when he had asked her for the favour. Goddamn Finn and those puppy dog eyes. A stray piece of hair flickered down from her loose ponytail and Rey scowled at it, huffing her breath at it as a feeble attempt to make it move from her face. When it didn’t do what she wanted, Rey quickly gave up and tucked it behind her ear. Today was going to be a long day. She walked into the living room and spotted Finn huddled on the sofa, a blue blanket draped over his form and the mixing bowl from the kitchen nestled on his lap. Rey had already ordered a new one from Amazon. She gave him a small smile as she went into the kitchen. “Rey, seriously, I can’t thank you enough! I owe you big time.” She rolled her eyes, picking a green apple up from their fruit basket. “It’s fine,” Rey called back. “What’re friends for?” She took a bite out of the fruit and began to walk back to Finn when she heard him throwing up loudly. Nose wrinkling, Rey retreated back into the kitchen, her appetite vanishing. She put the apple on the counter and while Finn presumably brought back up the vodka (and whatever else he had drunk last night) into the bowl, Rey got a cup from the drainer and filled it with water. “Finn? You okay in there?” “Fine,” came his hoarse reply. She heard him spit. “Could you get me some water?” “Already on it,” Rey said, walking into the room once she knew it was safe and handed Finn the glass. He guzzled it down. Once he had caught his breath, Finn asked, “You ready for today? Know where you’re going?” “Ready as I’ll ever be.” Rey said, tucking the loose bit of hair back behind her ear. “And yes, I know where I’m going…or rather, my GPS does.” “Call me if you get lost – actually, call them first, don’t just show up late. That won’t look good. But don’t get there really early either, they’re a busy place and I really don’t think they’ll be ready for you if you’re early…go get a coffee or something –” “Finn.” “Huh?” “Shut up. I’m setting off in five. If I manage to get lost, I will call First Order Inc. and forewarn them. If I get there exceptionally early, although I highly doubt I will, then I will find a coffee shop and study until I need to go in.” Rey said, “I’m a big girl, I know what I’m doing.” Finn looked slightly sheepish. “Put a coat on, it looks like it’s gonna rain.” Rey snorted but did as she was told; putting her red coat on and picking up her handbag that had everything inside that she needed for the upcoming interview. “How do I look?” she asked. Finn, who now looked shockingly pale, gave her a weak thumbs up. “Then I guess it’s time to go. Go back to bed, Finn. I’ll call if there are any issues.” Rey started to walk to the door. “Wait! Do you have the questions?” Rey sighed. “Of course I do, I packed my bag…last…night…” She trailed off when she spotted Finn holding up a piece of paper in the air. Now it was her turn to look sheepish. “Apparently I didn’t do a good job.” She snatched it from Finn, who was now heaving into the bowl, patted his head and then left their apartment; the sound of him vomiting once more becoming muted as the door swung shut. Rey’s old beetle or “Speeder”, as so ironically liked to call it, managed to get Rey from her small apartment block based near her university to the First Order Main Headquarters in just under two hours. Rey sighed in relief when she caught a glimpse of the large bold lettering on the building that was her destination. Parked at a red light, she stretched at the drivers seat, heading turning to the right as she yawned loudly, and that was when she saw it. Ren; spelt out in huge, grey, steel letters, neatly placed on the front of the tall and slightly daunting building. Her eyes roamed up the exterior, mentally thinking at how overly excessive it was to need all of those windows, when the sun glinted brightly on row near the roof. The windows reflected the light effortlessly and Rey was almost blinded. Her eyes shot back down the name pinned up high. Ren. What a peculiar last name. Rey had never heard that before… A car horn behind her quickly brought her out of her thoughts and made her jump in her seat. She had been too busy observing the First Order's building that she hadn't noticed the lights changing to green. Ignoring the impatient beeping from behind her, Rey put her car in drive and continued on. The second she walked into the lobby, her shoes began to squeak annoyingly underneath her and she faltered as heads around the room all turned in her direction. Her cheeks turned pink and she hurried on towards the reception desk. A lady dressed exceptionally smartly greeted her with a warm smile, but as Rey began to speak, the woman held a slender finger up to quieten her. "...Yes, there is parking. When you arrive there, use the code we have provided and you will be allowed in. Is there anything else I can help you with? Okay then. Thank you for calling. Have a nice day." She smiled up at Rey, expectantly. "Me? Erm, hi, I'm here for an interview." "Name?" She didn't know his full name. "Mr Ren?" She said hopefully. "Your name." The lady clarified with a smirk. Oh. "Rey. Rey Kenobi. My friend Finn was the one who was meant to come -" "Head to the elevators over there and you want the top floor, Ms Kenobi. The receptionist upstairs is waiting for you. Have a nice day." Rey could tell by her overly friendly tone that the receptionist didn't really mean it. The elevator whisked Rey away with gut-wrenching velocity to the top floor and she felt like her stomach caught up twenty seconds later. When the doors finally opened, Rey walked out into another lobby, eyes automatically falling on the reception desk where another young blonde woman was sat, typing away at her computer. She spotted Rey and got to her feet. “Miss Kenobi, could you wait here, please?” She pointed to a seated area of white leather chairs. They were pristine. Rey did so, mentally thanking the floor for being carpeted as she almost collapsed into one of the chairs; fingers reaching into her handbag to retrieve the questions Finn had made for her. Not even a small biography of the man she was about to interview. That’d teach Rey to not do the background research. Her eyes scanned the paper, reading the questions to try and get some understanding of who the man was – Rey had no idea of his age, his hair colour or even what his favourite drink was. She was going into this blind. And the sheer thought terrified her. She blinked a couple times, eyes not fully believing one of the questions written before her. Don’t ask him that one. Another blonde entered the room through a door to the right. Ren really must like his blondes. But unlike the others, this one wasn’t small and petite; she was exceptionally tall and muscularly built, her blonde hair cut short. She spotted Rey and walked over. “Miss Kenobi?” “Yes,” she croaked out before jumping to her feet. Rey cleared her throat. “Yes.” “Mr Ren will see you in a moment. May I take your coat?” “Oh, could you?” Rey was relieved and she shrugged it off easily. “Have you been offered a refreshment?” “No…” Oh dear, is one of the blondes in trouble? The taller blonde turned and eyed the younger woman at the desk. “Would you like tea, coffee, water?” she asked, turning her attention back to Rey. “Um – water would be perfect. Thank you,” she murmured. “Keira, please fetch Miss Kenobi a glass of water.” Her voice was stern. Keira shot up from her seat and immediately scurried to a door near her desk. “My apologies, Miss Kenobi. Keira is our new intern; she’s still learning the ropes. Please be seated, Mr Ren will be a few minutes.” Keira returned with a glass of water, two small ice cubes clinking inside. “Here you go, Miss Kenobi.” She said. “Thank you.” Keira turned around and mumbled, “I’m sorry Miss Phasma, it won’t happen again.” She walked back to her desk, the older blonde marching behind her. They sat down and both continued their work. Rey awkwardly sat back down, sipping her water nervously. She was starting to regret doing this for Finn. Rey had started to nibble at her thumbnail when the large office door down the hallway opened. She couldn’t see anyone inside and it was slightly unnerving. Suddenly, a man slid through the door, shook a hand that was just out of Rey’s line of sight and then turned to walk down the hallway; smiling at the three women as he went. “Good afternoon ladies,” he said as Keira nearly ran to the elevator to press the button for him. Rey was too busy watching that she nearly missed Phasma talking to her. “Mr Ren will see you now, Miss Kenobi. Go through the doors at the end of the hallway.” She said. Rey stood rather shakily, forgetting all about the glass of water, which was now on the small table. She silently made her way over to the partially open door. Rey paused. “You don’t need to knock – just go in.” Phasma smiled kindly. As Rey pushed the door open, she realised that she left the paper of questions back on the table and, turning around quickly, Rey stumbled over her own two legs and landed on the floor in Mr Ren’s office. Crap. Me and my two left feet! Gentle hands gently grasped around Rey’s arms and helped her to stand. Her cheeks flushed red with embarrassment. She stole a glance up, finally putting a face to the mysterious name that was Mr Ren. Holy crap – he was so young. And attractive. He was tall, dressed in a fine grey suit, white shirt, and black tie with messy black hair. His intense, dark brown eyes were watching Rey shrewdly. “Miss.” He extended a large hand. “I’m Kylo Ren. Are you all right? Would you like to sit?” “Erm, actually I need…m-my –” “Your questions, Miss.” Keira was suddenly behind Rey, her hand outstretched to Kylo. He took the paper from her and the intern briskly walked away. In a daze, Rey placed her hand in his and they shook. As their fingers touched, she felt an odd exhilarating shiver run through her. His hands were so strong. Rey withdrew her hand hastily, embarrassed. Must be the static. “My friend Finn is indisposed…so he sent me. I hope you don’t mind, Mr Ren.” “I did wonder if you were called Finn,” he murmured, handing the sheet over to her. His voice is warm, amused possibly, but Rey can’t quite tell. “I’m glad that you’re not. What is your name?” “I’m Rey Kenobi. I’m studying Engineering, I go to the same university…as…Finn…” “I see,” he said simply. Rey thought she saw a ghost of a smile in his expression, but she wasn’t sure. “Would you like to sit?” He waved her towards a white leather couch. His office was way too big for just one man. In front of the floor-to-ceiling tinted windows, there was a huge modern dark-wood desk that six people could comfortably eat around. It matched the coffee table by the couch. Everything else was white - ceiling, floors, and walls except, on the wall by the door, where a mosaic of small paintings hang to create a striking red mark in the shape of a sword against, what Rey could only just make out, the night sky. “A local artist.” Ren said, when he caught Rey’s gaze. “They’re amazing. When they stand alone, they’re beautiful. But when they’re brought together, they are simply sublime.” Rey replied, distracted by both him and the artwork. He cocked his head to one side and regarded her intently. “I couldn’t agree more, Miss Kenobi.” He replied, his voice soft and for some inexplicable reason, Rey found herself blushing. Apart from the paintings, the rest of the office is cold, clean, and clinical. Rey wondered if it reflected the personality of the man who slinked gracefully into one of the white leather chairs opposite her. She shook her head, disturbed at the direction of her thoughts, and sat down on a chair too, fumbling with the small recording device Finn had loaned her. Rey nearly dropped it twice – all fingers and thumbs – before she finally had everything settled. Mr Ren didn’t say anything, waiting patiently – she hoped – as Rey became increasingly embarrassed and flustered. When she plucked up enough courage to look at him, he was watching her, one hand relaxed on his lap and the other cupping his chin, his long index finger trailing across his lips. It looked as if he was trying to suppress a smile. “Sorry,” Rey murmured. “I’m not used to this.” “Take all the time you need, Miss Kenobi,” “Um, do you mind if I record your answers?” Rey asked, pointing to the recorder lying on the table. “After you’ve taken so much trouble to set it up – you ask me now?” Rey flushed. I hope he’s teasing me. She blinked at him, unsure what to say, and he finally took pity on her. “No, I don’t mind.” “Did Finn explain what the interview was for?” “Yes. To appear in the graduation issue of the student newspaper as I shall be conferring the degrees at this year’s graduation ceremony.” Oh! That was news to Rey, but she was temporarily preoccupied by the thought that someone not much older than her – maybe six years or so – was going to present her with her degree. She frowned, dragging her wayward attention back to the task at hand. “Good,” she swallowed nervously. “I have some questions, Mr Ren.” She smoothed that stray lock of hair behind her ear. “I thought you might,” he said, deadpan. When Rey realised that he was laughing at her, her cheeks blushed and she sat up straighter, squaring her shoulders in an attempt to look taller and more intimidating. She pressed the start button on the recorder, trying her best to look professional. “You’re very young to have amassed such an empire. To what do you owe your success?” She glanced up at him. His smile his rueful, but he looked vaguely disappointed. Dammit Finn, couldn’t you have been a little more original? "Business is all about people, Miss Kenobi, and I'm very good at judging people. I know how they tick, what makes them flourish, what doesn't, what inspires them, and how to…incentivize them. I employ an exceptional team, and I reward them well." He paused and fixed Rey with his deadpan stare. "My belief is to achieve success in any scheme one has to make oneself master of that scheme, know it inside and out, know every detail. I work hard, very hard to do that. I make decisions based on logic and facts. I have a natural gut instinct that can spot and nurture a good solid idea and good people. The bottom line is, it's always down to good people." Wow. “Maybe you’re just lucky?” That wasn’t on Finn’s list – but he was so arrogant. His eyes flared momentarily in surprise. “I don’t believe in luck or chance, Miss Kenobi. Today’s generation doesn’t seem to grasp that the Fates ignore the day-to-day hubbub. The harder I work the more luck I seem to have. It really is all about having the right people beneath you and directing their energies accordingly.” “You sound like a control freak.” The words were out of her mouth before she could stop them. “Oh, I exercise control in all things, Miss Kenobi,” he said without a trace of humour in his smile. She looked at him, and he held her gaze steadily, impassive. Rey’s heartbeat quickened and her face flushed again. Why does he have such an unnerving effect on me? His overwhelming good looks maybe? The way his eyes blaze at me? The way he strokes his index finger against his lower lip? I wish he'd stop doing that. “Besides, immense power is acquired by assuring yourself in your secret reveries that you were born to control things,” he said, his voice soft. “Do you feel that you have immense power?” Ugh. Control Freak. "I employ over forty thousand people, Miss Kenobi. That gives me a certain sense of responsibility - power, if you will. If I were to decide I was no longer interested in the telecommunications business and sell up, twenty thousand people would struggle to make their mortgage payments after a month or so." Rey’s mouth dropped open. She was staggered by his lack of humanity. “Don’t you have a board to answer to?” She asked, disgusted. He obviously wouldn’t care about the people getting laid off. “I own my company. I don’t have to answer to a board.” He raised an eyebrow at her. Rey flushed. Of course, she would have known if she had done some research. Holy crap, he’s arrogant. She changed tack. "And do you have any interests outside your work?” "I have... varied interests, Miss Kenobi." A ghost of a smile touched his lips. "Very varied." And for some reason, she was confounded and heated by his steady gaze. His eyes were alight with some wicked thought. “But if you work so hard, what do you do to chill out?” “Chill out?” He smiled, revealing perfect white teeth. No one should be that good looking. It wasn’t fair. "Well, to 'chill out' as you put it - I fight, I fly, I indulge in various... physical pursuits." How can he make that last part so suggestive? Rey glanced at Finn’s questions, wanting to get off the subject. "You invest in manufacturing. Why, specifically?" She asked. Why does he make me so uncomfortable? "I like to build things. I like to know how things work: what makes things tick, how to construct and deconstruct. And I have a love of ships. What can I say?" Rey understood that, she liked to see how machines worked, too. “That sounds like your heart talking rather than logic and facts.” His mouth quirked up, and he stared appraisingly at her. “Possibly. Though there are people who’d say I don’t have a heart.” “Why would they say that?” “Because they know me well.” His lips turned into a wry smile. “Would your friends say you’re easy to get to know?” Rey regretted saying that almost immediately. It wasn’t one of Finn’s questions. “I’m a very private person, Miss Kenobi. I go a long way to protect my privacy. I don’t often give interviews,” He trailed off. “Why did you agree to do this one?” “Because I’m a benefactor of the University, and for all intents and purposes, I couldn’t get your friend off my back. He badgered and badgered my PR people, and I admire that kind of tenacity.” Rey knew just how tenacious Finn could be. That was why she was sitting there, squirming uncomfortably under Kylo Ren’s penetrating gaze, when she should be studying for her exams next week. The alcohol last night better be worth it. “You also invest in farming technologies. Why are you interested in this area?” “We can’t eat money, Miss Kenobi, and there are too many people on this planet who don’t have enough to eat.” He’s worried about world hunger? “That sounds very philanthropic. Is it something you feel passionately about? Feeding the word’s poor?” He shrugged, very non-committal. “It’s shrewd business,” he murmured, though Rey thought he was being disingenuous. It didn’t make sense – feeding the world’s poor? She couldn’t see the financial benefits, only the virtue of the idea. She glanced at the next question, confused by his attitude. “Do you have a philosophy? If so, what is it?” Ren shrugged. “I’m very singular; one might say driven. I like control – of myself and those around me.” “So you want to possess things?” He is a control freak. “I want to deserve to possess them, but yes, bottom line, I do.” “You sound like the ultimate consumer.” “I am,” he smiled, but the smile doesn’t touch his eyes. Rey couldn’t shake the feeling that they were talking about something else; she was absolutely mystified to what it could be. She swallowed hard. The temperature in the room rising, or maybe it was just her. Rey wanted the interview to be over with. Surely Finn had enough now. She glanced down at the next question. “Your family. How far do you think that has shaped the way you are?” Rey grimaced a little, that question was incredibly personal. She stared at him, hoping that he wasn’t offended. His brows furrowed. “I have no way of knowing.” Rey’s interest is piqued. “How old were you when you were sent to your uncle’s?” That was probably the only thing Rey had originally known about Mr Ren. How couldn’t she? It was plastered all over the news when the media found out. “That seems awfully personal, Miss Kenobi.” His tone was stern. Rey flushed, again. Crap. She moved on quickly. “You’ve had to sacrifice a family life for your work.” “That’s not a question.” He was terse. “Sorry.” Rey squirmed, the man in front of her making her feel like an errant child. She tried again. “Have you had to sacrifice a family life for you work?” “I have a family. I have a mother, a father and an uncle. We don’t always see eye to eye but it is what it is. I’m not interested in extending my family beyond that.” “Are you gay, Mr Ren?” Crap. Rey’s eyes widened and her head snapped down at disbelief. I wasn’t going to ask that one! Ren inhaled sharply, and Rey cringed, absolutely mortified. How can she possibly tell him she’s reading from the questions Finn gave her? “No, Rey, I’m not.” He raised his eyebrows, a cold gleam in his eyes. He does not look pleased. “I apologise. It’s um…written here.” It was the first time he said her name. Her heart rate has accelerated, her cheeks heating up once again. Rey nervously bit her lip. He cocked his head to one side. “These aren’t your own questions?” The blood drained from Rey’s face. Oh no. “Err…no…actually” Rey coughed nervously “these are Finn’s questions…h-he compiled them for me.” “Are you colleagues on the student paper?” Oh crap. Rey had nothing to do with it. It was Finn’s extra-curricular activity, not hers. “No…Finn’s my roommate.” Mr Ren scratched his chin in quiet deliberation, his dark eyes appraising Rey. “Did you volunteer to do this interview?” he asked, his voice deadly quiet and Rey couldn’t help but gasp a little. His eyes burned into Rey and she found herself compelled to answer the truth. “I was drafted. He wasn’t well.” Her voice was weak and apologetic. “That explains a great deal.” There was a knock at the door, and Phasma entered. “Mr Ren, forgive me for interrupting, but your next meeting is in two minutes.” “We’re not finished here, Phasma. Please cancel it.” Phasma looked stunned, as did Rey, and she stood there, at the door, a second too long. Kylo Ren slowly turned his head to face her and raised an eyebrow. “Is there anything else?” “No. Sorry, sir.” Phasma exited quickly. Frowning, Kylo turned his attention back to Rey. “Where were we, Miss Kenobi?” So we’re back to ‘Miss Kenobi’ now. “Please don’t let me keep you from anything.” Rey was itching to leave now. “I want to know about you. I think that’s only fair.” His eyes were exceptionally dark and Rey found herself getting lost in them. Where was he going with this? He placed his elbows on the arms of the chair and crosses his fingers in front of his mouth. It was a very powerful pose…very distracting. Rey swallowed. “There isn’t much to know.” She said, flushing again. "I doubt that. What are your plans after you graduate?" Rey shrugged, thrown by his interest. Go back home and live with… Rey hadn’t really thought about that. Who would she live with? Plutt was hardly going to welcome her back with open arms… Probably move in with Finn, find a place and a job. “I haven’t made any plans, Mr Ren. I just need to get through my final exams.” Which I should really be studying for now rather than sitting in your palatial, swanky, sterile office, feeling uncomfortable under your dark gaze. “I have an excellent internship program here,” he said quietly. Rey raised her eyebrows in surprise. Was he offering her a job? “Oh. I’ll bear that in mind,” she murmured, completely confounded. “Though I’m not sure I’d fit in here.” Shut up, Rey! “Why would you say that?” He cocked his head to the side again, intrigued, a hint of a smile playing on his lips. “It’s obvious, isn’t it?” Rey asked. “I’m uncoordinated, scruffy, and I’m not blonde.” “Not to me,” he murmured. His gaze was intense, all humour gone and a muscle deep within her clenched suddenly. Rey tore her eyes away from his to stare blindly down at her knotted fingers. What was happening? I need to leave. Now. Rey leant forward to retrieve the recorder. “Would you like me to show you around?” “I’m sure you’re far too busy, Mr Ren, and I do have a long drive back.” He looked anxious at that prospect. Rey glanced outside. It had started to rain. Finn was right. “Well, you’d better drive carefully.” His tone was stern, authoritative. Why would he care? “Did you get everything you needed?” “Yes, sir,” Rey replied, packing everything back into her handbag. His eyes narrowed, speculatively. “Thank you for the interview, Mr Ren.” “The pleasure’s been all mine,” he said, polite as ever. As Rey got to her feet, Kylo stood and held out his hand. “Until we meet again, Miss Kenobi.” It sounded like a challenge, or a threat, Rey wasn’t sure which. She frowned. When would we ever meet again? She shook his hand, astounded that that odd current between them was still there. “Mr Ren.” Rey nodded at him. Moving with lithe, athletic grace to the door, he opened it wide. “Just ensuring you make it through the door this time, Miss Kenobi.” He gave her a small smile. “That’s very considerate of you, Mr Ren.” Rey snapped and his smile widened. I’m glad you find me entertaining. As Rey walked to the foyer, she was surprised when he followed her out. Keira and Phasma both look up, equally surprised. “Did you have a coat?” Mr Ren asked. “Yes.” Keira leapt up and retrieved Rey’s coat, which Ren took from her before she could hand it to Rey. He held it up and, feeling ridiculously self-conscious, Rey shrugged it on. Ren placed his hands on Rey’s shoulders. She gasped at the contact. If he noticed, he showed no indication. His long index finger pressed the button summoning the elevator, and they stood waiting – awkwardly on Rey’s part, coolly self-possessed on his. The doors opened and Rey hurried in, desperate to escape. When she turned to look at him, he was leaning against the doorway beside the elevator with one hand on the wall. He really was very, very good looking. It was incredibly distracting. “Until next time, Rey.” He said as a farewell. “Kylo.” Rey replied and mercifully, the doors slid shut. Chapter 2 Notes: Hey guys, Thanks to all the nice comments on the first chapter - so happy people want to read this! Sorry it took a bit to get this up, life is pretty hectic at the moment! Hope you enjoy :) Rey’s heart was pounding. The elevator arrived on the first floor and she scrambled out as soon as the doors slid open, stumbling once, but luckily not sprawling on the immaculate sandstone floor. She ignored the squeaks that were emitted as she raced towards the wide glass doors; near bursting through them in a rush to get outside. She was free. Standing there in the bracing, chilly, damp air, Rey shut her eyes, tilted her face up and welcomed the refreshing rain; trying to recover what was left of her equilibrium. No man had ever affected Rey the way Kylo Ren had, and she couldn’t fathom why. She breathed in an enormous sigh of relief. What the Hell was that all about? Leaning against one of the steel pillars of the building, Rey valiantly attempted to calm down and gather her thoughts. She shook her head. That was…that was intense…and only when Rey’s heart steadied to its regular rhythm and she was able to breathe normally again, did she head to her car. She arrived back at their apartment almost three gruelling hours later – the traffic leading up to her exit was backed up due to an accident – and when she finally stumbled through the door, Finn’s head snapped up from the floor where he was surrounded by books galore, clearly studying for the finals. He still wasn’t dressed, wearing a pair of blue pyjamas that Rey had gotten him for his birthday last year, but he looked significantly a lot better than this morning. His sick bowl was nowhere to be seen, much to Rey’s delight. “Rey! You’re back!” He shot up from the floor and engulfed Rey into a rib-breaking hug. “I was starting to worry! I thought you’d be back sooner.” “Yeah, well, I thought I would too; but the interview ran over and then the traffic coming back was just awful.” Finn gave her a sympathetic look. “Tea?” “Please.” “Go sit down, I’ll be right back.” Finn said, “then you can tell me everything.” Great, Finn’s specialised in his inquisitions. Finn disappeared into the kitchen and Rey removed her damp coat before hanging it on a hook on the wall. When she collapsed on the sofa, Finn called out as the kettle began to boil. “Ugh – Rey, we’re getting low on milk!” “It’s your turn to get it.” She called back. She heard him groan. A few minutes later, he came back into the lounge with two steaming mugs and handed her one. He sat down next to her and as one – like some synchronised team – they took a small sip of their tea. “You’ve always had a talent for making an excellent cup of tea, Finn.” He smirked proudly. “So, what was he like?” Here we go. Rey struggled to answer. “I’m glad it’s over, and I don’t have to see him again…he was kind of intimidating, y’know?” She shrugged. “He was very focused, intense even – and young. Really young.” Finn looked exceptionally sheepish. Rey frowned at him. “You have every right to look like that. Why didn’t you give me a biography? He made me feel like such an idiot for skimping on basic research!” “Jeez, Rey, I’m sorry – I didn’t think.” She huffed. “Yeah, you really should be sorry.” “I really am. I should have briefed you but I was in such a panic.” Finn sighed. “Do you have the recorder? I need to start getting to work.” Rey grabbed it out of her bag and handed it over. “You look better,” she noted. “Did you eat your soup?” She was keen the change the subject. “I did, and it was delicious. I feel so much better.” “Good,” Rey sighed. She checked her watch. “Ugh – I’ve gotta run. My shift at Niima starts soon.” “Rey, you’ll be exhausted.” She just shrugged as she stood, mug in hand. “Why do you think I drink so much tea?” Rey joked. “I’ll put this in a travel mug and drink it on the way. See you later, Finn.” Rey had been working at Niima since she started university. It was the largest independent store in the area, and over the four years that she had worked there, Rey had come to know a little bit about mostly everything they sold – even if it was ironic that she wasn’t the best at DIY. When Rey walked through the store’s door, Maz looked relieved. “Rey! Child, I didn’t think you were going to make it!” “My meeting lasted a little longer than I thought it would. I can work a couple hours.” “I really am pleased to see you.” She sent Rey to the storeroom to start re-stocking shelves, and soon, despite how dull the task was, Rey got lost in her work. When Rey arrived back home, Finn was wearing headphones and working on his laptop intently. He was focused entirely on his work – she didn’t even think he had heard her come in. Rey was drained. From the long drive, the gruelling (and slightly embarrassing interview), and being completely rushed off her feet in work, she was well and truly exhausted. Rey slumped onto the couch, thinking about the essay she needed to finish and all the studying she missed out on today because she was stuck with…him. “You’ve got some good stuff here, Rey. Well done!” Finn was genuinely pleased. “I just can’t believe you didn’t take him up on his offer to show you around. He obviously wanted to spend more time with you.” Rey shook her head, her cheeks glowing red slightly. That wasn’t the reason. It couldn’t be. He just wanted to show her around so she could see that he was the lord of his business. Rey suddenly realised that she was biting her lip and quickly stopped. “I hear what you mean about formal. Did you take any notes?” He asked. “No…I didn’t…” “That’s fine. I can still make a fine article with this. Shame we don’t have any original pictures…good-looking dude, isn’t he?” Rey flushed again. “I suppose so.” She tried to sound disinterested. “Oh come on, Rey. Even you can’t be immune to his looks.” She quickly tried to distract him with flattery. “You probably would have gotten a lot more out of him…you’re much more skilled in this than me…obviously.” “I doubt that, Rey. Come on! He practically offered you a job. Given that I foisted this on you at the last minute, you did really well.” He glanced up up Rey speculatively. She made a hasty retreat into the kitchen. “So what did you really think of him?” Finn is so inquisitive! “He’s very driven, controlling, arrogant – scary really, but very charismatic. I can understand the fascination,” she added truthfully, peering her head around the door to look at Finn. “You, fascinated by a man? That’s a first.” He snorted. Rey quickly started to make a sandwich so Finn couldn’t see her face. “Why did you want to know if he was gay? Incidentally, that was the most embarrassing question! I was mortified, and he was pissed to be asked too.” “Whenever he's in the society pages, he never has a date…plus he’s kinda hot." "It was embarrassing. The whole thing was embarrassing. I'm glad I'll never have to lay eyes on him again." “Rey, it couldn’t have been that bad. He seemed quite taken with you.” Rey couldn’t help but smirk at that. "Would you like a sandwich?" "Please." They spoke no more of Kylo Ren that evening, much to Rey’s relief. Once they had eaten, she was able to sit at the dining table with Finn and, while he worked on his article, she worked on her essay. By the time she had finished, it was midnight; Finn had long since gone to bed. Rey, exhausted, silently made her way over to her bedroom, where she collapsed into her bed and fell asleep immediately. For the entire week, Rey threw herself into her studies and work at Niima. Finn was busy too, compiling his last edition of his student magazine before he had to relinquish it to the new editor while also cramming for finals. The pair hardly saw each other until Friday night; where they were both debating what to do with their evening – Finn wanted to go out clubbing while Rey wanted to order take out and watch a crappy horror film – when the doorbell rang. Standing on their doorstep, was Finn’s good friend Teedo, clutching a bottle of champagne. Rey was a little taken aback. She had never quite like Teedo, no matter how hard she tried. “Teedo!” Finn yelled, charging past Rey to tackle Teedo in a tight hug. “Come in.” Teedo was also studying engineering and was in most of Rey’s classes – not that they talked much, she kept to her group of friends and he kept to his – but his real passion was photography. Rey had to admit, the guy had a great eye for a good picture. “I have news!” He grinned, mainly talking to Finn. Rey just leant against the door, watching as Teedo’s eyes twinkled. “Let me guess – you’ve managed to beat your drinks per night record?” Finn teased. Teedo laughed. “No, I wish. I’m still the master of shots. Anyway, the Takodana Gallery is going to exhibit my photos next month!” Rey gawped at him as Finn slapped his shoulder. “That’s amazing! Congratulations!” “Way to go, Teedo. Well done.” Rey added. He smiled at her. “So I thought I’d come round to celebrate! I want you to come Finn! To the opening.” Teedo beamed at him. “Both of you, of course,” he added, glancing nervously at Rey. Finn looked at her too and she reluctantly nodded, forcing a smile. “Of course! We wouldn’t miss it for the world.” Rey’s Saturday shift at the store was a nightmare. They were besieged by do-it-yourselfers wanting to spruce up their homes. All the staff were rushed off their feet the second they entered the shop. However, around lunchtime, there was a lull and Max asked Rey to check on some orders as she sat behind the counter at the till while she discreetly nibbled away at a bagel. She was engrossed in the task, checking catalogue numbers against the items they needed. Her eyes flicked from the order book to the computer screen, making sure that all the entries matched. Then, for some reason – boredom quite possibly – Rey glanced up and found herself locked in the bold, dark gaze of Kylo Ren. Christ. “Miss Kenobi. What a pleasant surprise.” His gaze was unwavering and intense. Rey was frozen solid on her seat in shock. What was he doing here? Her mouth had popped open and she couldn’t locate her brain or voice. “Mr Ren,” she whispered. It was all she could manage. A ghost of a smile formed on his lips and his eyes were light with humour. “I was in the area,” he said. “I need to stock up on a few things.” Rey offered him a weak smile. “It’s a pleasure to see you again, Miss Kenobi.” She shook her head, utterly thrown by the sight of him standing there before her. “Rey. My name is Rey,” she muttered. “What can I help you with, Mr Ren?” He smiled. “There are a few items I need. To start with, I’d like some cable ties,” he murmured, his eyes cool but amused. Cable ties? “We stock various lengths. Shall I show you?” Rey muttered, her voice soft. Get a grip, Kenobi. “Please. Lead the way, Miss Kenobi,” he said. Rey tried for nonchalance as she walked out from behind the counter, but really, she was concentrating hard on not falling over – her legs are suddenly the consistency of Jell-O. "They're in with the electrical goods, aisle eight." Her voice was a little too bright. She glanced up at him and regretted it almost immediately. Damn, he's handsome. "After you," he murmured, gesturing with his long fingers. With her heart suddenly racing, Rey headed down one of the aisles to the electrical section. Why was he here? At Niima? "Are you here on business?" she asked, her voice a little too high. "I was visiting the farming division in your area. I'm currently funding some research there in crop rotation and soil science," he said. "All part of your feed-the-world plan?" Rey teased. "Something like that," he acknowledged, and his lips quirked up in a half smile. He gazed at the selection of cable ties they stocked at Niima and as his fingers trailed along the various packaging, Rey - for some inexplicable reason - had to look away. He selected a packet. "These will do," he said with that oh-so-secret smile. "Is there anything else?" "I'd like some masking tape." Masking tape? "Are you redecorating?" The words were out before she could stop them. "No, not redecorating," he said quickly, then smirked, and Rey had the uncanny feeling that he was laughing at her. "This way," She murmured, embarrassed. "Masking tape is in the decorating aisle." Rey glanced behind her as he followed. "Have you worked here long?" Kylo's voice was low, and he was gazing at her, eyes concentrating hard. Rey blushed even more brightly. I haven't blushed this much in my life. "Four years," she replied as they reached their goal. To distract herself, Rey reached down and selected the two widths of masking tape that they had in stock. "I'll take that one," Ren said softly, pointing to the wider tape, which she passed to him. Their fingers brushed very briefly, and the current was there again, zapping through Rey like she touched an exposed wire. She gasped involuntarily as she felt it, all the way down to her stomach. "Anything else?" Her voice was husky. Ren's eyes widened slightly. "Some rope, I think." His voice mirrored hers, husky. "This way." She ducked her head down to hide her recurring blush and headed for the aisle. "What sort were you after? We have synthetic and natural filament rope... twine...cable cord... " She halted at his expression, his eyes darkening. "I'll take five yards of the natural filament rope please." Quickly, with trembling fingers, Rey measured out five yards against a fixed ruler, aware that his hot gaze was on her. She didn't dare to look at him. Taking her Stanley knife from the back pocket of her jeans, Rey cut it then coiled it neatly before tying it in a slipknot. By some miracle, she managed not to remove a finger with her knife. "Were you a Girl Scout?" he asked, sculptured, sensual lips curled in amusement. Don't look at his mouth! "Organised, group activities aren't really my thing, Mr. Ren." He arched a brow. "What is your thing, Rey?" he asked, his voice soft and his secret smile was back. Rey gazed at him unable to express herself. "Books," She whispered. "What kind of books?" He cocked his head to one side. Why is he so interested? "Oh, you know. The usual. The classics. British literature, mainly." He rubbed his chin with his long index finger and thumb as he contemplated her answer. "Anything else you need?" She had to get off that subject - those fingers on that face were so beguiling. "I don't know. What else would you recommend?" What would I recommend? I don't even know what you're doing. "For a do-it-yourselfer?" He nodded. Rey flushed, and her eyes strayed of their own accord to Ren's snug jeans. "Coveralls," Rey replied, and she knew she was no longer screening what was coming out of her mouth. He raised an eyebrow, amused, yet again. "You wouldn't want to ruin your clothing," Rey gestured vaguely in the direction of his jeans. "I could always take them off." He smirked. "Um." Rey could feel the colour in her cheeks rising again. "I'll take some coveralls. Heaven forbid I should ruin any clothing," he said dryly. Rey tried and dismiss the unwelcome image of Kylo without jeans. "Do you need anything else?" She squeaked as she handed him a pair of blue coveralls. He ignored her inquiry. "How's the article coming along?" "I'm not writing it, Finn is. My roommate, he's the writer. He's very happy with it. He's the editor of the magazine, and he was devastated that he couldn't do the interview in person." Rey felt like she had come up for air - at last, a normal topic of conversation. "His only concern is that he doesn't have any original photographs of you." Ren raised an eyebrow. "What sort of photographs does he want?" Rey shook her head. "Well, I'm around. Tomorrow, perhaps... " he trailed off. "You'd be willing to attend a photo shoot?" Rey's voice was squeaky again. "Finn will be delighted - if we can find a photographer." She was so pleased, she smiled at him broadly. Kylo's lips part, like he was taking a sharp intake of breath, and he blinked. Oh my. Kylo Ren's lost look. "Let me know about tomorrow." Reaching into his back pocket, he pulled out his wallet. "My card. It has my cell number on it. You'll need to call before ten in the morning." "Okay." Rey grinned up at him. Finn was going to be thrilled. "REY!" Paul had materialised at other the end of the aisle. He was Maz's youngest employee - the son of one of her oldest friends who had come back home from Princeton. Rey didn't think she would see him today. "Er, excuse me for a moment, Mr. Ren." Ren frowned as Rey turned away from him. Paul had always been a buddy to Rey, and in that strange moment that she was having with the rich, powerful, awesomely off-the-scale attractive control-freak Ren, it was great to talk to someone who was normal. Paul hugged her hard, taking her by surprise. "Rey, hi, it's so good to see you!" he gushed. "Hi Paul, how are you? You home for your brother's birthday?" "Yep. You're looking well, Rey, really well." He grinned while he examined her at arm's length. Then he released her but kept a possessive arm draped over her shoulder. Rey shuffled from foot to foot, embarrassed. When Rey glanced up at Kylo Ren, he was watching them like a hawk, his dark eyes hooded and speculative, his mouth a hard impassive line. He had changed from the weirdly attentive customer to someone else - someone cold and distant. "Paul, I'm with a customer. Someone you should meet," Rey said, trying to defuse the antagonism she could see in Ren's eyes. She dragged Paul over to meet him, and they weigh each other up. The atmosphere is suddenly arctic. "Er, Paul, this is Kylo Ren. Mr. Ren, this is Paul Clayton. Maz is old friends with his father." And for some irrational reason, Rey felt she had to explain a bit more. "I've known Paul ever since I've worked here, though we don't see each other that often. He's back from Princeton where he's studying business administration." "Mr. Clayton." Kylo held his hand out, his look unreadable. "Mr. Ren," Paul returned his handshake. "Wait up - not the Kylo Ren of First Order Inc?" Paul went from surly to awestruck in less than a nanosecond. Ren gave him a polite smile that didn't reach his eyes. "Wow - is there anything I can get you?" "Rey has it covered, Mr. Clayton. She's been very attentive." His expression was impassive, but his words... it was like he was saying something else entirely. It was baffling. "Cool," Paul responded. "Catch you later, Rey." "Sure, Paul." She watched him disappear toward the stock room. "Anything else, Mr. Ren?" "Just these items." His tone was clipped and cool. Taking a deep breath, Rey turned and headed for the till. What is his problem? Rey rang up the rope, coveralls, masking tape, and cable ties at the till. "That will be forty-three dollars, please." She glanced up at Ren, and she wished she hadn't. He was watching her closely, his eyes intense and smoky. It was unnerving. "Would you like a bag?" She asked as she took his credit card. "Please, Rey." His tongue caressed her name, and her heart once again was frantic. Rey could hardly breathe. Hurriedly, she placed his purchases in a plastic carrier. "You'll call me if you want me to do the photo shoot?" He was all business once more. Rey nodded, rendered speechless yet again, and handed back his credit card. "Good. Until tomorrow perhaps." He turned to leave, then paused. "Oh - and Rey, I'm glad your friend Finn couldn't do the interview." He smiled, then walked with renewed purpose out of the store, slinging the plastic bag over his shoulder, leaving Rey a quivering mass. She spent several minutes staring at the closed door through which he had just left before she returned to planet Earth. Okay - she liked him. There, she admitted it to herself. Rey couldn't hide from her feelings anymore. She found him attractive, very attractive. But it was a lost cause, she knew, and she sighed with bittersweet regret. It was just a coincidence, him coming here. But still, she could admire him from afar, surely. No harm could come from that. And if she fond a photographer, she could do some serious admiring tomorrow. Rey bit her lip in anticipation and found herself grinning like a schoolgirl. Rey needed to phone Finn and organise a photo-shoot. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the 50 Shades of Ren series