putrefaction … The Doctor was a madman, an incorrigible heathen. Hux was blind not to have noticed before, the putrid stench of his breath, his monstrous form pressing him into a sweat-slick mat, reeking of decay, his hollow-husk mind a mere carrier for something more grotesque. It was this rottenness that had chained them together, tethered by a mere cord of pathetic, sickened mentality. Yet it was apparent that Hux would be unable to find this rapport with anyone else. It was 1847, a year lined by the fear of death, of disease carried in the bones as well as the mind, and abnormality was to be frowned upon at the least, wrung out of one with a slice to their throat at worst. So when he was carted away to the sanitorium, he had said nothing. There was nothing to be said with violence or calamity, much less when he held only the company of mere panderers, their vile-snake tongues drawing lines of venom wherever they touched. Hux could imagine what his compatriots would say, the soldiers who once fell under his command no longer made to seal their lips. Homosexual. Depraved. Moonstruck. The incarnation of Wrongness, the Devil himself inside his skin, red-haired witch, made to tempt others with his slightness and fae-features. And how could you understand how tempting you are? Ren had whispered, his mouth caught in a childlike pout, lip stuck out with an indignation commonly seen amongst the upper class. The Doctor’s hands had been a welcome warmth to Hux’s gelid skin, pallid from hospitalization, too long spent tucked away in darkness, incapable of leaving his own bed without a hand on his shoulder. His eyes had sparked, roused with a heady lust that seemed to be their only true intimacy, kissing the paper-thin nape of Hux’s neck and drawing a mark over the surface as though placing a claim over the repudiated Lord. Hux remembers, too well, the same claim of their first night lain together under woolen blankets, Ren’s rough hand sticky with the aftermath of their sin, trailing over the arch of Hux’s crooked spine, admiring in a manner rife with animosity. Everything Ren has done has been to humiliate him, strike him further into that blackened pit of dependence, as though Armitage were nothing more than a weak-willed woman, pinned under his thumb until he’d fulfilled Ren’s use of him, cast aside once he was no longer worthy of those attentions. “I would have you at the end of a bayonet,” Hux told him, once, after being dragged through the asylum hall, kicking and writhing in his scorn. The skin had been half-ripped away from his brittle legs, teeth gnashed together around the confines of a cloth stuffed in his mouth to shut him up. Ren had laughed, mocked him, stroking the side of his cheek as he might a kitten, ruffling his filthy red-gold hair in mirth. “I would have you try,” Ren replied, “if only to mesmer at how you debase yourself over your wounded pride. You are under my care, Armitage, because you are unfit to care for yourself. You are here because you are mine, you diseased strumpet.” And then Ren would caress the bloody-raw abrasions down his legs, teasing moans from the disgraced Brigadier General with each touch, pinching nippy flesh between the pads of his fingers until Hux hissed. It proved him right, as it always had; that Hux was an animal, that he was filthy, throwing himself at the Doctor’s feet with the mere promise of touch. Ren would kiss him, rough and demanding, invading Hux’s dry mouth with his tongue, their saliva mixing and draining down Armitage’s throat with each taken breath. And he hated it, hated it because it made a fool of his own innermost desires, his need to be held, subjugated, as long as it meant he knew touch. Hux never pulled away. He knew better than to defy the irate, choleric wretch that was Ren, for all defiance ever wrought was chaos. Brendol had known better than anyone, drilled it into his head from a young age, this indefinite longing for order, for a system that held each aspect of society in a fixed momentum. He never spoke out against Brendol, and so why should he act toward Ren, display just how needy he really was, that he belonged in this hangnation of a place? But his loathing screamed from within him, wishing for nothing else than Ren’s untimely death, long-winded and continuous, a brutality that nothing had been able to portray as of yet. Hux imagined he would enjoy lacerating the good Doctor more than he would be wise to admit. As it was, the sentiment did appear to be mutual. Ren’s hand was bleeding, a half-stump of a finger shorn off of his body, the mangled remnant a constant accusation of his foolishness. He was shaking, shoulders drawn rigid even in their spanning width, eyes murderous and wretched in the tune of a predator about to kill. There were marks along his neck, a line of indentations made by teeth that would have surely made Armitage surge with an overwhelming hubris when he’d seen his handiwork. Curled fists were an indicator of rage, and Kylo’s enmity was soul-deep, anything resembling affection he’d once held for the bloodnut vixen long abandoned. And Hux stared, watched the displays of his unsaid despair, as Ren seemed to crack over and over again under those glinting eyes. His arms were wrenched past his back, the gut-wrenching noise of bones being dismantled and reimagined out of place a never-ending torture. The jacket was ill-laced, improperly done over his shoulders in precisely the manner which would cause him most pain. Because Ren knew, he knew that this manipulation was a mere offset of his withered mind, knew that Hux was stronger-- “For your sake , you slut,” Ren hissed at him, “you should stay down.” The Doctor pressed himself forward and forced his way between Hux’s thighs once more, the displayed lines of tormenting fingers still lingering over the vein-stained curve of his pelvis. Hux’s leg kicked reflexively, and the sneer held firm along his broken visage, but he did nothing more than stare once Ren was atop him, their breaths mingling in the chilled space between them. “ Careful, Doctor.” Hux replied, as he surged upward to drag lips over the man’s cheek, his lips, down his neck, thrashing inside the confines of the restraints locking his limbs to his slight figure. “You nymph,” Ren says again. “I should make you pay for that--” But he kisses Armitage anyway, bites at his lips, opens him up once more with a knee slotted against the underside of his weeping cock, scissoring a spit-slick entrance open once more to the melodic cry of moans above him. “And what would you do, Ren? Render me useless, tear me asunder, make me plead?” Hux jerks his head up, dismissive, flirtatious. “No,” Ren snaps at him. “No. I would break you, bend your bones out of place and leave you slack on the stone floor of the operating theatre. I would stretch you open and prop your legs out, snap your jaw out so you can’t bite back.” “A muzzle is not so effective anymore, Doctor?” Hux asks, and Ren’s hands bracket his hips, bruising. “Not for your kind. You need to be forcibly shut up. All you are good for is fucking, taking a cock up that disgusting hole of yours until you’ve lost your capacity for speech. It would be better to fuck a corpse than you, Armitage, better than a heinous bitch that refuses to mind his manners.” And Ren’s palm is hot across his face, stinging as Hux yields to him once more, averting his eyes with a wince. But it is only momentary, as he turns once more, and spits into Ren’s face, delights in the reprehensible man’s anger. “You-!” “Yes, Ren. Me, as you always seem keen to spit. It’s not my fault you make yourself so weak that your life revolves around screwing a lunatic.” Ren is leering now, and screaming, hissing out words as he hefts Hux forward by the lapels of his straightjacket. “I would have you bent over before everyone, you loose fuck, your dead eyes betraying nothing as I use your body over and over again. You could be putrid and oozing filth, black-teeth and rotting skin, and I would still paint you with my seed. You worry so much about your reputation, Armitage? You have no reputation, you’re nothing more than a thing to be stuffed and broken and taken apart until I can play with your organs. Imagine that, having your blood seep out around my fingers, my mouth molesting your blue lips whilst I show you off to your troops. It’s all you’ve ever wanted, Armitage, to be dead, to be fucked, and you crave it. You crave me.” “I would ride your corpse into the ground,” Hux responds, as though it is nothing more than a debased fantasy, and he’s baring himself, kicking and twisting into a true mess of a creature, thrusting himself upward against Ren’s hands and moaning. “You’re hellspawn,” Ren spits. “I’d pop your eyes from your sockets and keep your bones as a memento. Even in death you’d be begging for it, twitching while I defiled you, told you what a sick thing you were-- possessed slattern.” Hux says nothing, his eyes closed and tightly-shuttered, the slight warmth of tears seeping back into him and draining the wrong way, a bitter taste creeping into the hallows of his throat with each word. His hands twitched, eager to latch onto Ren once more and pull sticky trails of black blood from his flesh, paint his face in it and reveal his true degeneracy. He bucks, digging a foot into the back of the Doctor’s knee until Ren is half-collapsed over him once more, the wails of others as insane as them echoing through the background of the prison. It was inevitable that they’d end up here, on a molding mattress, pouring out their innermost urges until they’d both been bled dry. If it were anything more ignominious, Hux might’ve laughed, could imagine himself rolling them over and bracketing Ren’s waist with his thighs, thrusting their lower halves together until the Doctor whined and came across his thighs. He could see himself marking the man with his own unsanct fluid, ruining him for the rest of his life and damning him to remain in this pit of perversion with him. He doesn’t bother to speak once Ren presses his length in between the bare cheeks of his rear once again, presses up along his rim and ruts there, the vestiges of precum trickling down his thighs without ever truly staining him. Ren’s breath is heavy on his ear, panting and exasperated as he pulls Hux flush to him and jerks the buckles around his ribs, pulls them taut and chokes his circulation. Hux’s hands flex in the bonds, strained and dead as he allows Kylo’s depravity, his head tipping back to rest along Ren’s collarbone as he moans and stretches and casts his breath across the Doctor’s cheek. “You’re mine,” he tells Ren, raving with psychosis. “You’re mine, Doctor, always. I will be the only one who knows what you really are, the only one who allows you this company. Fuck me, Ren, fuck me until I’m beyond uncivilized, drive me insane with that monster cock of yours--” Ren’s hand brackets his mouth and slams Hux forward, biting at his shoulders and his neck and his waist, clawing at him as though he could physically rip out his entrails with his scraggled nails. “You belong here,” he tells the older, once more. “You belong here, Armitage, you monster. The fire was only the last of your proclivities, your non compos mentis. I think you’ve been suffering for too long. I think you suffered because you knew, you knew how demented you were, that nobody would ever claim you the way insanity has. Your existence has been spent pining, waiting for this moment, for me.” “Quiet, Ren,” Hux whispers. “Let me indulge.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Unsanctimonious; Victorian AU series Next Work →