Hux dabbed the thick cream under his eyes, sighing at the cold clamminess as he tapped it on his skin with his fingertips. He always kept it in the refrigerator (now yurt-sized mini fridge) to depuff his eye bags before applying makeup. Hux grumbled at himself in the mirror and blamed the extra-dark circles on jet lag. The troupe had only been in the States since Wednesday. The first night was spent in a hotel, the actors stumbling around to each other’s rooms, sharing a bottle of vodka they bought in a nearby convenience store, Hux frowning and yelling at all of them to get some sleep. And they wondered why he insisted on a team-building, discipline-oriented, enforced educational stint in North America. Hux rolled his bloodshot eyes before squeezing drops into them to alleviate the redness. Yesterday had been ten hours of patience-testing hell for Hux as the group’s leader (he didn’t like to be called the boss, though technically he was, and insisted on leader because then they were reminded that he was part of the troupe as well). Setting up a tent was apparently a skill none of his six fellow actors had ever needed to learn, and therefore each tent took several failed attempts to construct. Thank god Hux had hired a local company to come in and assemble the yurt and generator, or he probably would have ended up in one of his troupe's lopsided tents, ear plugs shoved deep in his ears, trying to ignore either chatter or snoring, and pretending he was still in his London flat. As it was, the men who assembled the yurt also took pity on the other actors and helped get their tents to rights, probably due in no small part to the actors pouting prettily at them in distress. Hux had rolled his eyes, refusing to play the ‘damsel in distress’ routine the others - even Kurt and Brandon - seemed so good at. This morning was the first day of their performance, and Hux already had a headache to end all headaches. He stared at his own face in the mirror, sneering at his freckles and the few visible lines he’d accumulated over the last few years. He felt calmer as the makeup went on, layer after careful layer covering up his glaring flaws, until at last he could slip into his character’s skin and forget that he was anyone other than a woodland Elf. The long red wig completed the look, and he motioned for one of the other actors to come help him with the corset. Rebecca loped over to him, her long legs kicking out the skirt of her robe carelessly, not in character yet. That was alright. Hux only required that they stay in character after the warm up, right before heading out for the faire. For him the act started as soon as he looked the part. He understood that it wasn’t the same for the others. As Rebecca tugged at his corset laces, Hux braced himself against the makeup table and stared into his own eyes in the mirror. Only after the dark-haired actress was beginning to tie off the laces did Hux let his eyes drop to his body in the reflection. “Tighter,” he said. Rebecca rolled her eyes. “I can’t pull it any tighter than this. My wrists were literally trembling to get it this tight in the first place.” “I’ll breathe out.” “You’ll faint and fall into a mud puddle, Hux.” “On the count of three, pull. One, two, three.” Hux blew the air out of his lungs and Rebecca leaned her entire weight back as she pulled the laces tight, tying them off before Hux could breathe back in. Predictably, the corset loosened slightly as everything settled into place, and as long as he kept himself in perfect posture and took only shallow breaths, he would be able to manage the eight hours ahead of him. Looking at himself in the mirror again, Hux let his hands stroke over the sides of the corset, loving the long, lean shape of it over the robes. He knew he would be aching by the end of the day, but it was worth it to have the smallest frame possible. None of the others let themselves be laced this tight. Their loss, he thought, stroking over the small seams at his waist, feeling the way the fabric constricted around his ribs, holding him together. Keeping him whole. He refused to think about Bronson, even as his own fingers traced over his ribs in the mirror, enough to trigger the memory of other hands. All that was in the past. This was a new beginning, and neither that man, nor his repellent father, was going to ruin it for him. The faire was loud and muddy. They were constantly having to skirt around puddles, some of which were poorly patched up with gravel or had particle board laid over the top as makeshift bridges. Hux was glad he had insisted on high quality boots for all of them, complete with several coats of sealant that he had applied himself back in London. He ordered the troupe, on pain of death, not to get the hems of their robes dirty. None of them took it as an idle threat. He kept them together as a group for the first day, making sure they knew how to handle the different situations that would crop up. They had trained for this for weeks before flying to the States, but he knew that they had no real idea how hard this was going to be on their bodies and minds. Staying in character for eight hours a day, with only short breaks for food, water, and using the facilities, was a brutal introduction to the world of acting. By tonight, they would all be exhausted and hating Hux’s guts. Their backs and heads would ache - even their faces would feel wooden from holding the ethereal demeanor of an Elf all day. Well, they had to learn somehow. He knew they had it in them. If they did not possess the skills to buck up and see this through, Hux wouldn’t have hired them. His plan for the theater in London would work. He could whip this group of ragtag actors into shape, and their opening season would be fantastic. Hux wouldn’t need to rely on his father’s name or Bronson’s contacts to open doors for him. He would earn recognition in his own right. Just last evening, he’d received a text from his contractor updating him on the work being done to the stage area of his theater. The man had sent a few pictures, and Hux had pointed out some issues he’d noticed with the way the trap doors were being redone, but otherwise everything looked like it was going as planned. It had been a leap of faith to leave in the middle of construction, but he trusted his contractor and friend, and the actors were a bigger problem than the theater at the moment. By lunchtime, the troupe had started to unravel from the combined torment of the sun and the constant requests for pictures, all while needing to stay in character. Abbie was starting to complain at alarmingly increasing volume that she was hungry, and Brandon kept slowing down around the pubs, giving them sad puppy dog eyes as they passed by. At precisely one o’clock, Hux herded them all back to their campsite to have some lunch. He had prepared some healthy wraps that were easy to eat without destroying their makeup, and a huge bowl of cut up fruit. He made sure everyone had a bottle of water with a straw (again because of spill and makeup concerns), and once they were through, he made everyone chew a stick of gum before retouching makeup. Then it was back into the fray for the rest of the faire day, the expected amount of grumbling buzzing around him until they made it back to one of the lanes of shops. Rebecca, Nina, Carissa, and Kurt were doing fairly well, though Abbie and Brandon kept mumbling that they were going to die any moment from a long list of things that included: their corsets, lack of snacks and/or beer, their sore feet, and handsy photo ops. Hux quietly reprimanded them when they got too loud with their whining, and that helped for a few minutes. They weren’t even halfway through the afternoon, and he was already considering bribing them like they were unruly toddlers at the supermarket. Maybe he would simply reward the other four who were behaving, rather than punishing the two that weren’t. That might work better, actually. His musing was cut off by a large group of guests asking for photos. Hux inclined his head the way he’d been practicing for weeks- the perfect mix of haughty and gracious that fit his character perfectly. The whole troupe posed for several shots, and then one of the guests started chatting with him about the costumes and how lovely they were. Hux answered in character, explaining in his rich put-on Elf voice that he got his robes specially made by Rivendell Elves, and the gems were mined from Erebor. He was interrupted by a peal of laughter coming from his troupe. To Hux’s astonishment, it was Rebecca who had crumpled in mirth, with two of the tallest, most terrifying people Hux had ever seen standing in front of her. He shot her a death-glare before turning back to the guest and finishing up their conversation. Hux was annoyed that, out of all of them, it was Rebecca who’d so completely broken character. He normally held her up as a model of self-discipline, and here she was, acting like they were hanging out backstage and not in the middle of a performance. He watched from the corner of his eyes as she said goodbye to her new acquaintances, looking appropriately shamefaced. The two terrifying giants drew his attention again. They were most certainly performers themselves. No one who wore that kind of armor was a mere guest. It looked like they actually lived in those outfits. They wore them like other people wore t-shirts and jeans. Hux could see bits of leather that had been sewn back together on the various straps holding the woman’s armor together. There were soldering marks on the knight’s breastplate, barely showing up in the black metal, along with gashes that must have been made by some sort of blade slamming into it repeatedly. These were not new costumes. They had seen years of use and wear and had been painstakingly mended time and again. Hux’s gaze flicked to the woman’s face. She was done up in blue war paint, the markings not so much delicate as authentic looking. It gave her the look of someone out of time. As though she had stumbled out of an ancient Celtic realm, rather than looking like a mere cosplayer. She carried a battle axe that looked like something out of a museum, and her breastplate and chainmail looked old, worn shiny in some places and tarnished in others. The knight who stood just behind her was dressed head-to-toe in black armor. It was the sort of thing that was made to actually be worn into battle rather than just for show. It looked fully mobile, lithe instead of clunky. The vital parts of him were covered in metal- head, chest, arms, thighs. The rest of the armor was mostly black leather encrusted with coal-hued chainmail. The helmet didn’t show anything of his face, but the width of his shoulders and his height alone were intimidating. He reminded Hux of something, someone, so strongly that he was shocked when he couldn’t remember who. As he motioned for the troupe to follow him down the lane, he peeked one more time at the knight, standing menacing and silent at the blond warrior’s side, and raked his mind for a name. The way the man had been standing when he first laid eyes on him… something about the heft of those shoulders, the stillness… Hux knew he’d remember eventually. Besides, it wasn’t important. What was important was getting his motley crew through the rest of the day without any meltdowns. Rebecca was probably chastened enough to not cause any more problems, but Brandon was practically trying to sneak into line at the pubs they walked by, and he caught Abbie trying to buy cinnamon donuts when his attention was diverted by a guest. He promised them both that there were plenty of treats and alcohol back at the campsite, and that they could have as much as they wanted in two hours, they just had to make it until then. All the while, Hux ignored the pain in his back. He ignored the way he had to breathe so shallowly that he felt lightheaded. Instead, he focused on the others, helping them to keep going, allowing Carissa to loosen her corset when she felt dizzy. He kept them hydrated and out of the sun as much as possible. And when the guests gasped at the picture they made wandering the lanes under the tall trees, he knew it was all worth it. Chapter 2 As soon as they made it back to their campsite, the others started wailing about their all-consuming need to “get out of the bloody torture corsets this instant.” He herded them into the yurt and they began the tedious business of returning to the mortal realm. Hux was distracted for at least an hour and a half, helping with wigs and robes, getting everything back on its appropriate manikin and examined for damage. He checked in with each of his team members, offering ibuprofen and ice packs for aching backs and necks. He pulled Rebecca aside for a moment and reminded her that he expected better from her- that she was one of most disciplined of the group, and that the others looked to her for how to act. “I need you at your best,” he said. “This is not a vacation for us, we are working. You can’t start chatting during a stage performance, so you can’t act like that while we’re on the clock here. I know it’s difficult. It’s meant to be difficult. After this, stage work will seem easy.” He offered a small smile, trying to show his affection for his teammate. She nodded and gave him a sheepish grin in return. Once everyone was finally back from the showers and in comfortable clothes - properly medicated and with blisters bandaged - he sent them out to the fire with the big rolling cooler of drinks and a few armloads of snacks. Nina stayed behind in the yurt to help him out of his corset. With his attention turned to the others, he had remained in full costume until everyone else was set. That was what a good leader would do, and he had no regrets for the sacrifice, even as Nina tsked at the way Hux started trembling as the corset came off and his spine tried to relax, the muscles spasming painfully. Nina met his eyes in the mirror. She shook her head, her dark hair swept over one shoulder, forest green streaks breaking up the brown. “Hux-” “It’s fine,” he interrupted her. “I’m fine.” He turned around on the makeup stool, forcing his smile to look as normal as possible. After making sure that he was able to get out of the corset, Nina took off on an errand of her own and Hux finished the tedious process of undressing and arranging his wig and robes. Like he had with the others, he inspected his costume carefully for any signs of damage before slipping off to the showers. The hot water felt especially good. His spasming back finally calmed as the water beat down on him. He let it sluice through his hair and over his tired face. He could still feel the effects of the jet lag. They would take awhile to disperse, he knew. Until then, it was strong coffee and a strict sleep schedule. Hux shut off the water with a sad little huff, knowing he should get back to his team and congratulate them all on an excellent first day. He wrapped a white towel around his waist tightly and headed out to the row of mirrors and the long shelf where he set out his hair products. He caught his image in the mirror and scowled, avoiding his reflection as he slipped into his briefs and then his pants under the towel before pulling it off and tossing it into a plastic bag. He pulled on a black t-shirt quickly, and only then did he look at himself in the mirror. He didn’t want to get caught up scrutinizing himself- he needed to be out there for his troupe. Still frowning at his face in the mirror, Hux carefully combed gel through his hair, parting it precisely and then slicking it back out of his face. He swapped his shower sandals for a pair of black leather ones, glad that he’d taken the time to get a pedicure on Thursday as he looked down at his immaculately clean nails and smooth heels. Slipping back into the quiet yurt, Hux put away his toiletries and tossed the towel into a laundry hamper that was already brimming with everyone else’s damp towels. He needed to do at least one laundry trip this week, possibly two. He would figure out a perfect schedule for the task once their routine was settled. Feeling a little chilly but not cold, he pulled a cardigan over his shoulders before grabbing his phone and a bag of grapes out of the mini fridge, finally heading for the fire pit. On the short walk over, he mentally prepared his little congratulatory speech. Nina wouldn’t be there, but he had made sure to tell her what a good job she had done at the faire while she was helping him with the corset. So that left the other five. Hux straightened up as much as he could, ignoring the cry of dismay from his muscles, and stepped into the ring of firelight. His eyes snapped over all seven people sitting in a circle and he couldn’t help feeling annoyed that strangers were there. He probably should have expected others to join them, but he had wanted it to just be the the actors tonight. Frowning, he decided his speech would have to wait until warm up the next morning. Rebecca introduced the two giants sitting next to her, and only then did Hux really look at them. They were the same ones from earlier that day- the ones that had gotten Rebecca to break character. He recalled the woman’s bright hair and striking height, but it was the dark knight that arrested his attention. He recognized the overall shape of him from earlier- the impossibly broad shoulders and the way he carried himself like a fighter. His face was obscured in the shadow of his hood, and before Hux could take a careful look at him, Rebecca was saying their names - Phasma and Kylo, to which he suppressed a scoff - and he nodded at each of them, still annoyed that he couldn’t have the team-building night he had been hoping for. He grabbed a water bottle out of the cooler and then sat down in a chair facing the newcomers, just slightly off to the side. It was a good place to observe without appearing too obvious. He opened a script he was considering for their second performance - he had the first one so polished that he doubted even his proofreaders would find a single flaw - and began highlighting the different roles he saw his troupe in. Hux slowly ate his grapes, taking a sip of water in between and mentally counting how many he was consuming. He crushed each one in his mouth, savoring the sweetness and the slight variance in flavor of each grape, no two exactly alike. He counted sips of water as well, making sure there was an even amount of sips to grapes, as he got further into the script. His concentration was broken by a deep chuckle from across the fire. It was a low but genuine sound, as if it had been surprised out of its owner. Hux glanced up and saw the knight - Kylo - smiling over at Rebecca and Phasma, his hood slipping back just far enough that Hux could see the left side of his face as it turned toward the light. Time slowed down, allowing Hux to absorb that fleeting moment before it was gone. It seemed significant somehow, in a way Hux didn’t understand clearly. He felt it viscerally, like pain. Then time was speeding back up, continuing at a normal pace. Hux stared, oddly fascinated. Kylo’s face shouldn’t have been so arresting. In profile, he looked like an exaggerated sketch of masculine beauty- his nose was long, his brow heavy, yet his chin was delicate and didn’t quite balance out the lush mouth. His smile stretched his cheek into grooves and the corner of his eye crinkled pleasantly. It was a smile to make others smile. There was something joyful and young in the expression. Then the dark gaze turned away from Rebecca and Phasma and pointed straight at Hux. The smile dropped away and Hux was left facing an alternate version of the man. Without the smile he looked entirely different, his eyes dark and deep, the mouth almost pained. The chin looked vulnerable, the face sensitive- though Kylo was obviously used to schooling his features to appear unaffected, there was a well of pain and loss under the pale skin. His long hair looked like ink in the darkness, almost completely obscuring the right side of his face, but as he stared back at Hux, his long throat flashed as he swallowed and Hux caught the movement in surprise. It brought his eyes to the edge of his jaw as the firelight licked over it, and that’s when he noticed the scars. Hux could barely make them out in the dim light but they looked… severe. The reason for the long hair and hood was suddenly obvious. It was camouflage. Hux’s eyes went back to Kylo’s for a second longer before he dropped his gaze back to the script on his phone. He bit his lip and held his breath as he searched his photo gallery, bringing up a picture of his favorite drawing. He had about thirty original pieces by different artists framed on his wall in his London flat. Most of them were portraits of random subjects done by local painters. He had enjoyed collecting them in different galleries and small shops over the last few years. Before leaving for the States, he had taken a photo of each of them, thinking that he might add to the collection while he was in the US and wanting examples to show local dealers what interested him. He looked at the graphite and charcoal drawing that had caught his eye a few months ago- the one that was his favorite out of all of the others. His eyes flicked back up to Kylo when he heard that soft chuckle again, a deep sound that went right through him. Kylo could almost have been the subject in the drawing. The hair was similar as were the features. The right side of the drawing was in shadow, the dark lines filled in aggressively, almost savagely… like scars. Hux backed out of the gallery and returned to his script, trying to regain his earlier sense of complete concentration. Each time he heard the low rumble from the other side of the fire, his eyes went immediately to search Kylo out. Their eyes only met a few times more, and soon it seemed as though the other man was avoiding his glances. Hux felt embarrassed all of a sudden, worried that he might have been staring too obviously. The knight was clearly attempting to hide his scars and it was possible that he thought Hux was staring at them. He tried to keep his eyes on his phone, and Kylo was much quieter, his laughter dying away into silence even as the two women kept joking around and telling stories. Abruptly Kylo was on his feet. He said a quick thanks to Rebecca and then spun around and was gone, melting into the darkness. Hux couldn’t stop glancing up at the empty chair, an odd twist to his stomach each time he saw it vacant. Rolling his eyes at himself he stood up and headed to the yurt. Folding the cardigan and stowing it in a chest, he pulled on one of the loose, long-sleeved shirts that he liked to sleep in, and traded his dark jeans for a pair of cotton pants with a drawstring waist, which he had to pull tight to keep on his hips. He crawled into bed with his phone, pulling the blankets up to his chin. It was chilly in the tent away from the fire, but not cold enough to justify using the heater, so he just snuggled down into his comforter, glad yet again that he’d insisted on an actual bed. Sleeping on the ground would have been a nightmare with his sharp bones and delicate skin. He checked his email, though there was nothing new. Not surprising since it was the middle of the night in England. He quickly cycled through all his social media sites, bored almost instantly. Before long he found himself gazing at the photo of the sketch again, looking at it like he had missed something, searching the lines over and over. It wasn’t the same face as the man by the fire, but it was close enough to make Hux feel like he already knew Kylo from somewhere. Hux flicked the phone off and plugged it into the charger by his bed. He rolled onto his side, pulling a pillow into his chest, holding it tight in an effort to comfort himself. It had been awhile since he’d fallen asleep next to another person, and even then it had been… well, it hadn’t been very conducive to sleep. Often with Bronson there had been sex. Not the kind that led to peace afterwards. Bronson had usually left him unsatisfied and aching. And when he had stayed the night, he either held Hux in a stifling embrace or completely ignored him. Hux had told him he didn’t always like cuddling though, so that was his fault, he supposed. In the end he was glad they hadn’t shared many tender moments. It made it slightly easier to walk away. Or rather, limp away, in Hux’s case. He snorted into the feather pillow, screwing up his eyes as he hugged it tighter. He didn’t want to waste any more time thinking about Bronson. He needed to sleep. It was going to be a long day and he was already sore, his ribs and spine still throbbing from the strict posture and unforgiving corset. The coffee was truly terrible. Hux drank it anyway. Chaos reigned in the yurt. “Hux! My wig got tangled in my necklace,” Carissa called out over the rising level of panicked voices. “You’re supposed to put the wig on after the jewelry,” Hux retorted, yanking on Kurt’s corset and getting a squawk from the broader man. “Yeah, well, I forgot and now I’m caught.” “Hold on a second,” Hux said, tying off the laces and getting a dirty look in the mirror by way of thanks. “Here,” Hux grumbled, picking carefully at Carissa’s wig. He extracted the hairs and then helped put everything to rights while Rebecca ran around behind him trying to get everyone else into their wigs. Hux had been the first one ready, and so he was available for all the last minute disasters of the cast’s complicated wardrobe. He had made it very clear in the beginning that they were holding to a strict time schedule. Just because they could be late to this particular job did not mean it would work that way on a play night. Anyone who was late on faire mornings would be assigned extra campsite chores as punishment. Once they were all in costume and inspected, Hux gave his congratulatory speech for their performance the previous day. Then they ran through their morning Elvish routine and finally set out for the faire. Rebecca came up beside Hux and they walked a few moments in silence, trailing behind the others. “Were you planning on giving that rousing speech last night?” she asked him, a slight smirk curling her lips. Hux huffed. “Yes, but your new best friends completely ruined our bonding moment. I hope you’re satisfied.” Rebecca continued smirking. “Sorry,” she said, not at all convincingly. Then her face got serious for a moment and her eyes darted over toward Hux. “You, uh, did miss something, though, after you left.” “Was it Brandon almost barbecuing himself in the fire? Because Abbie already filled me in.” “No, although that was hilarious.” Rebecca snorted, before turning serious once more. “I asked Phasma about Kylo’s face. You, uh, saw the scars, right?” Hux sobered. “What could be seen of them, yes, I did.” “Phasma wouldn’t give me any details because she says that’s up to Kylo to talk about, but…” Rebecca trailed off. “Hux, I’d like it if they hung out with us more, you know? I like Phasma, and Kylo just seems… I dunno. I guess I feel sort of bad for him. Phasma says he doesn’t talk to anyone but her and Mitaka.” “Mitaka?” Hux asked. “A friend of theirs, I guess. Anyway, I asked them both back over tonight, and Phasma said sure, but then she gave us all a warning not to make Kylo feel weird about his face. She wants us to, you know, treat him normal and totally ignore the scars. We all said that would be no problem, and I filled Nina in this morning. I knew you wouldn’t say anything anyway, but…” “I’m glad you let me know,” Hux said and then heaved as deep a sigh as the brutally tight corset allowed. “Does this mean no team bonding evenings?” Rebecca laughed. “Oh god, Hux. Do you think we’ll even want to see one another, let alone talk to each other after a week of this?” She elbowed him in the side only to rub her arm afterward in regret. Hux smirked for a moment, then softened and tentatively patted Rebecca on the shoulder. “Thanks for telling me,” he said. “I promise not to embarrass you in front of your friends.” “Gee, thanks dad,” Rebecca retorted, and barely managed to duck away before Hux swatted at her. “Be professional Hux, for god’s sake.” He glared daggers at her but couldn’t help sneering a bit before slipping into character and staying there for the remainder of the morning. The second day was not as exciting as the first. The novelty had worn off already, and now it was just work. Backbreaking work. Everyone’s faces were strained, the realization that there was nearly two months of this left to go was hitting them. Hux had been prepared for this, but the others clearly hadn’t. They were whiny and sullen. Even Rebecca snapped at him a few times. Through it all, Hux was still proud of his team. No one was bursting into tears or demanding to go home, which honestly, he thought might happen. This weekend would be the worst. If they made it through this, then they could manage the next few months. At lunchtime Nina and Kurt helped some of the others loosen their corsets and slump around the cold fire pit while they ate. Hux once again made sure everyone was drinking enough water. Then it was a makeup check and they were all marching back out for the final four hours of the faire. Hux couldn’t help but smirk a bit as the actors filed past, their faces looking as though they were headed to their execution. This is the worst it gets, he thought at them. Everything after this will be like a dream in comparison. Which of course, was part of the point. From now on, whenever one of them complained about rehearsals or costumes, he’d just say, “Oh, do we need to do another faire in the States?” More than likely, that would be the end of the complaining. During the last hour of the faire, the others had all slipped into some form of shocked coping mechanism that had them walking around in character, but with no higher brain function that Hux could detect. He knew this stage well. They would be fine once they got changed and fed. Right now, they were just trying to survive until the end, just waiting for him to tell them it was over and they could go back to camp. There was no complaining, no whining. Hux had broken them. Finally, he thought. The rest of the faire would be easier for it. Most importantly, the rough nights back in London - when things went wrong and all they could do was just push through the performance like professionals, listening to Hux and Hux alone for direction - would be worth all this hardship. Now it was all about surviving that last hour. Hux was just as tired as the rest of them, but he refused to show it. He had to be the last man standing, always, in order to keep the unquestioning respect he needed from the others. He lead them slowly down the quietest lanes he could find, trying to avoid the taverns now that it was getting later. He directed them toward families as much as he could, letting them talk to children and their parents, shielding the group from the drunk guests as much as possible. Amidst all of it, Hux found his eyes sweeping over to the stages they passed, looking at the performers, only to turn away when there wasn’t a knight performing. Glints of dark armor caught his eye from time to time in the crowd, but no one was as tall and formidable as Kylo. Hux shook his head when he realized what he was doing and refocused on his team. He had to shoo away a group of teenagers that were shyly, but persistently, hitting on Abbie, and then steered everyone back to camp. The look of sheer relief on all their faces made him wince in sympathy. He gave one more look around for anyone standing with their head reaching above the crowd, before he turned and followed the exhausted Elves back to the yurt. Chapter 3 The look on everyone’s faces when they finally made it back to camp was, frankly, pitiful. Hux sighed as he helped with the corset-freeing process, no one so much as saying a word to each other as they stripped down. Brandon grabbed for a pair of sweats out of his duffel bag and Hux interrupted him with an upheld hand. “No sweats,” he announced. He got six murderous glares in return, but the ingrained obedience from the last two days was still in effect. The few actors who had started pulling out their comfiest clothes stowed them away again, and he thought he caught a hint of tears in Abbie’s eyes. “We’re going out.” There was stunned silence, the troupe looking at one another nervously. “We all need our eyebrows done-” a loud groan from everyone - “and then we’ll do something relaxing and fun. I booked us for an art night. With wine. Lots of wine.” Rebecca sucked in a long breath and held it for a moment, looking around at the others. “Alright, Hux,” she sighed out. “For you. And the wine.” As the others started grabbing their shower toiletries in a daze, Rebecca got out her phone and sent a quick text. “Sorry,” Hux whispered to her. “I should have said something this morning when you told me you invited them over. I wanted it to be a surprise.” Rebecca just shrugged. “It’s alright, Hux. They can come over tomorrow- er well, actually no, Phasma says she goes home on Sundays.” She heaved a long-suffering sigh at him and typed a few more lines of text into her phone. “There. Just sent Phas a message telling her you’re a sadist.” Hux rolled his eyes and got them all out of the yurt and headed for the showers. He paused as they loped down the trail, thinking that he caught a glimpse of two tall figures in the distance, one wearing head-to-toe black armor. He hurried to follow the troupe, telling himself that he really needed this night away from the campground, all while trying to ignore the fact that they had only been there a total of two working days. The night out proved to be an overall success, though everyone was clearly wiped-out from the long day. It made them surprisingly docile for the eyebrow grooming part of the evening, and no one complained about showing up for the art and wine evening with red blotches around their eyes, even though they were all a rather vain lot. Hux was happily sipping his wine - having calorie budgeted all week so that he could indulge - and dabbing blobs of crimson and orange onto a black background on his canvas, when the instructor came around his easel to take a look. The man was an eccentric type, probably a local art teacher at one of the elementary or high schools. He had that starved-for-adult-company look to him. He peered at Hux’s canvas through funky glasses, his bright shirt open at the neck, a few hemp necklaces showing at his throat. “You’ve studied art,” the instructor said, sure of himself. Hux just nodded. He wasn’t crazy about the guy’s cologne. He had a rule about men who wore tacky scents. “This is really well executed,” the teacher continued, leaning forward to look closer at the canvas, a hand gently resting on Hux’s lower back as he did so. Hux inwardly rolled his eyes. Of course this guy was interested. Why was this type of guy always interested? Why not the big, silent ones? Big and silent and strong, with dark eyes and masses of unruly hair... On the other hand, it had been nearly a year. A whole year without the simple release of sex. A one-night stand may not be that satisfying in the long run, but it was an excuse for human contact, for caresses and kisses and sweet words. He was getting a bit desperate for touch, but he sincerely doubted that this art teacher could give him what he really wanted. He seemed like a sappy romantic. Sure, he might be willing to do a few of the things Hux liked, but he would probably talk the whole time. He seemed like the sort that couldn’t live in the moment, couldn’t let go. Hux had learned to trust his instincts. And his sense of smell. This guy and his cologne were not on the same page as Hux. “Thank you, yes,” Hux replied, straightening up impossibly further and moving away from the warm hand at his back. “My boyfriend and I own a studio in London.” The hand disappeared as if burned. “Oh, how nice,” the instructor said, smiling like it hurt him. After a few more comments about Hux’s canvas for face-saving purposes, he moved on. Hux let out a sigh and tried to remind his libido that nothing satisfying would have come out of that particular conquest. Hux had limited himself to one - very satisfying - glass of wine, so he drove the rest of the team home in their big rental SUV. They were all rowdy from overindulging, shoving and teasing one another like a bunch of middle-schoolers as Hux helped load the flat boxes with their wet canvases into the back of the vehicle. By the time he was pulling onto the packed dirt and gravel road of the faire campsite twenty minutes later, half of them were asleep and the other half were playing some sort of confused version of truth or dare. “Oh yeah?” Nina was slurring from her spot in the middle of the back seat. Kurt was poking her forehead and smirking. “Yeah,” he replied with a sneer. “Well, in that case I dare you to… to, uh… to kiss Hux!” Nina decided, giggling wildly. Rebecca, who was the only other one still awake, shook her head. “He’d never get close enough to try,” she stage whispered. “Hux would flip him over his shoulder and have him pinned in about two seconds.” “I only said kiss,” Nina said, a tad hysterically. “I didn’t say fu-” “No one is kissing Hux,” Hux said from the driver’s seat as he pulled to a stop in the small campsite parking lot and turned off the engine. “Anyone who tries to do so without permission will have laundry duty for the rest of the time we’re here.” Nina pouted and Kurt looked relieved. Rebecca just laughed and sent a text to someone. They woke up the other three, practically having to drag Brandon out of his seat. Hux needed to have a chat with the boy about moderation. At their body weight, none of them could drink much without feeling the effects, even Kurt, who had about fifteen pounds on the next smallest actor, and still would have been considered thin. Hux made sure everyone ended up in the correct tent before turning in himself. He lay awake for a bit, wondering if he had made a mistake not going home with the art instructor. He never missed Bronson as much as when he was alone in bed after a long day. Sure, their relationship hadn’t been everything Hux had needed or wanted, but once in awhile, on special occasions, Bronson let him have what he craved. Hux wanted that now. He was starving for it- that fine line of control. Hux orchestrating the events of their coupling in a finely-crafted dance, seemingly effortless, but requiring strict discipline on his part. Winding Bronson up to the perfect degree, becoming the sole focus of the other man’s senses and thoughts, then stretching that sensation out on a long wire, pulling, tearing, until finally they found their release at the same moment. He realized that he was tracing himself through his clothing at the memory. Hux had often bottomed for Bronson, but he had been the one in control. He thought of the look on Bronson’s face as he rode him, that lost, reverent look. Hux slipped his hand under his waistband, impatient with the clothing. He stroked faster, enjoying the feeling of his hard-silky flesh. Grabbing a few tissues from beside the bed for what he knew would be the inevitable end of this little fantasy, Hux slipped back into the memory, Bronson moaning so sweetly and saying his name like a prayer. Hux stifled a groan, rolling his pillow over his face to muffle himself. He never could keep quiet when he was close. The feeling of driving himself onto a man that was stronger than he was, of pulling an exquisite pleasure out of them that was beyond their control- yes. That was what he loved. That look of surrender. That look that was almost like love. Bronson’s face swam away from his memory, only the sensation of racing to the end, a strong body beneath him, and then… a beautifully marred face- scratched as though with the point of a pencil. Dark eyes, a lush mouth looking almost pained in the throes of passion- Hux almost didn’t get the tissues over himself in time as he came, biting his tongue against a cry, catching his come neatly in the soft paper, his other hand still moving, pulling the last milky drops up from his spasming core. He lay for a moment, sated and drifting, one hand gently balling up the used tissues, protecting his sheets from his own mess. He eventually persuaded himself to move and get cleaned up, gently dabbing the remaining drops from the head and tucking himself away. He tossed the tissues in a plastic grocery bag, then stuffed it the trash. He would have six nosy actors in the tent in the morning, and he really didn’t need to chance an embarrassing mishap with Kleenexes full of come. Dropping back into bed, Hux double-checked that his alarm was set for the morning. He curled up on his side and avoided thinking that the face that pushed him over the edge had not belonged to Bronson. In the morning, no one was avoiding his eye or treating him differently, so Hux assumed he had been able to stifle his late-night moment enough that they hadn’t heard him. Good. That was a headache he really didn’t need. It was enough of a challenge to get them all into costume on time. They drank cup after cup of the god-awful coffee Rebecca kept handing them, and Hux doled out the pain relievers like candy. The day went well, though Hux had to pretend to himself that he wasn’t looking for a knight in dark armor nearly the whole day. He had purposely not looked at the performance schedule for Phasma and Kylo’s act because he really didn’t want to know whether or not he would steer the Elves in the direction of certain stages at certain showtimes. Everyone was more or less burnt-out and crabby by the time they were sitting around the fire that evening, showered and in comfortable clothes. Brandon had one rather obnoxious guy sitting with him for a bit before they wandered off somewhere, and then it was pretty quiet for the rest of the evening. Hux counted grapes as he ate and tried not to look at the empty chair across the campfire. He did the laundry run on Tuesday. It took him four hours round-trip, plus half an hour organizing everything once he was back. At least it kept him busy. By Wednesday he was bored. He usually woke up before the others, staying in the yurt to read the news and catch up on emails and make phone calls to the contractor in charge of the theater restoration. By nine in the morning, he had completely exhausted his list of tasks, and found himself alphabetizing the eyeshadows by color name on the makeup tables. Rubbing his face, he wondered what to fill his time with. He was going to do the grocery shopping Thursday. They had enough wood to keep the fire going for a week straight. The yurt was spotless. He decided to go for a walk. They had been here nearly a week and Hux had not investigated the surrounding trails yet. He pulled on a pair of running shoes, grabbed a bottle of water, and headed out for the nearest hiking path. Everything was well marked, and he chose one of the longer loops around the campsite and faire grounds. He breathed deep as he marched along, concentrating on his heart rate and maintaining a decent pace. After an hour or so, the white noise of his ordered thoughts began to give way to the scenery around him, the sounds and smells of the forest seeping into his consciousness. He slowed down, looking around him and taking in the gentle roll of hills and gullies in the forest floor, the carpet of drying leaves, the freshness of the air. Several hours later, he emerged from the woods, sweaty but peaceful. Going to the yurt, he ate a banana and half a granola bar, mentally slotting the calorie information into his tally for the day, before grabbing his shower items and a fresh change of clothes. Standing under the water, Hux zoned out staring at the concrete wall spattered with droplets. The hike had felt good. He had gotten a little light-headed at the end, but he had neglected to up his calorie intake beforehand, like he did on faire days, to keep from passing out. After all these years, he knew his body well. He knew when he could push it and when he needed to yield to the weakness of eating. His common sense was the reason he’d never been hospitalized for what others would call his disorder. He could handle it. He was handling it. Hux turned his thoughts away from that particular rut. There was an edge there, a steep and dangerous cliff, one that he knew to steer away from before he looked too close. Shutting off the water, he wrapped a towel around his waist and went to stand in front of the mirrors to dress and do his hair. Only, he made the mistake of looking at himself while his torso was still bare. He winced. When he was in costume, Hux had no problem looking at himself. He even liked what he saw. He liked the way the corset looked rigid and smooth, hugging him tight and holding him together. But revealed like this, stark and pale and freckled… he hated the way he looked. He was so… ugly. Narrow in the wrong places. Wide in the wrong places. Out of proportion. A monster. He made a disgusted sound at his bared chest and stomach, his hand coming up to pinch at the excess weight he always saw around his navel, though no one else seemed to notice it. If he could just get his waist smaller, then his shoulders would look wider, and he would overall look more balanced… Someone moved behind him in the locker room. Hux jerked his gaze up in the mirror, zeroing in on the impossibly huge reflection in the doorway at his back. Kylo was dressed in stripped-down fair gear- a pair of black cotton pants and a black shirt - likely what he wore under his armor. He was drenched in sweat, obviously coming for a shower after a workout. His shoulders were massive. His chest and arms were- oh god, Hux was going to have a problem not thinking about those arms tonight. He didn’t need this, he really didn’t need even more fantasy fodder about this man- Then Kylo’s eyes trailed up the length of his body and he met Hux’s eyes with an expression of awe and wonder that left the actor breathless. Kylo returned to himself with a jerk, turning his scarred side away and heading for the showers. It took Hux several controlled breaths to get his heart rate back under control. He did his hair much more quickly than usual and fled. Thursday was grocery day. Hux talked Kurt and Carissa into coming with him to help carry everything. Even with their help, the trip took several hours. They filled up the entire back of the SUV with boxes and bags, and it took the combined effort of the entire troupe to unload and carry everything down the trail and into the yurt. Hux divvied up the snacks and toiletries, handing each team member their preferred brands. He just snorted when he handed Abbie -the tiniest one among them - a truly barbaric amount of junk food in shiny, crinkly bags. She squealed a bit. “I love that Americans believe in family-sized crisp bags,” she beamed, immediately ripping into a bag of Lays and crunching loudly. “Out of the yurt with crumbly snacks,” Hux reprimanded. “Hey, Hux, what kinda beer did you get?” Brandon asked poking through the bags while Hux struggled to organize. “Oatmeal stout, IPA, and amber- all local,” Hux listed. “Imperial stout, Guinness, and something called Blue Moon that Carissa wanted.” “Dibs on both stouts,” Brandon hollered loudly, tearing through the pile of groceries in an effort to get to the beer first. “No fair!” Rebecca challenged, beating him to the oatmeal stout and prancing around with it. “All of you, out,” Hux commanded, not even raising his voice. Sighing, they slowly obeyed, snatching up anything they perceived to be theirs on the way out, Nina already scarfing down a candy bar Hux had bought for Rebecca. He spent the next few hours putting away groceries and preparing meals for the weekend. He made baggies of trail mix, cut up veggies for hummus, assembled a large fruit salad, and organized supplies for making sandwiches the following day. Then he carefully wedged everything perishable into the mini fridge, wondering yet again if he should buy a second one or just figure out more room-temperature lunches. He was just squeezing in a few bottles of water to get cold, balancing his bags of grapes on top precariously, when he heard screaming from outside. It was bloodcurdling. Hux was running full speed toward the fire pit before he even realized he had started moving. The shrieks were still ringing out in the darkness, and Hux decided that if anyone was attempting to attack his team, whether it be human or animal, his best bet was to grab a log from the firewood pile and brain the interloper. Hux was brought up short as the banshee screeching turned into helpless laughter. Both Rebecca and her new friend, Phasma, bent over double and almost choked as a burning marshmallow got tipped out of a camp chair and sputtered out on the ground. Hux looked up at them, panting. Rebecca and Phasma took turns apologizing through fits of giggles. The tall blond warrior, who looked like she had just come from some modeling job, grabbed the bag of marshmallows and waved it Hux. “I’ll make you a s’more,” she gasped, finally regaining some composure. “No thank you,” Hux responded, trying to be polite and not grit his teeth. He sat down instead, thinking that he would stay by the fire for a little while before going back to the yurt to check that everything was ready for the following day. He had a few tweaks he wanted to make to the girl's costumes and- There was a movement outside of the ring of firelight. Hux’s full attention snapped to it, and he realized that Kylo was sitting there in the semi dark. He had pulled his hood forward and it was his hand that had caught Hux’s notice. Their eyes caught and Hux swallowed hard, feeling strangely exposed. Kylo stared steadily back, his face oddly calm in the darkness. He looked like a classical painting- a Caravaggio - illuminated skin against the black canvas of the pines. Hux was suddenly distracted by Phasma’s voice calling his attention away from the knight. “So, Becca, Hux, why are you guys here?” she asked. “I mean, why a ren faire?” Rebecca was laughing and Hux just stared between her and the blond. Phasma made a gesture at Kylo, who flinched. “Like this kid said, you are way too professional to be here. You should be on stage or something.” Hux thought of his theater- all this training they were going through. All for the express purpose of being on stage. Rebecca gave him a look and he gestured at her to explain, as she clearly wanted to. “It’s sort of a workshop,” Rebecca said, before pointing at Hux. “His idea of course. The rest of us are all either about to graduate or just have, but Hux has been acting for years. He sorta scraped us all together and is helping us learn discipline. He claims that’s the only thing we’re lacking.” Hux wanted to groan. She made him sound like he was ancient. “So wait, you are playing Elves at a ren faire, in the States, thousands of miles from home, camping in the woods, just as acting practice?” Phasma asked, looking at Rebecca like she was joking. “Um, well, yeah.” Rebecca’s eyes drifted over to Hux and she gave him a little nervous smile. Phasma watched the interaction, her blue eyes narrowing. “And this guy is your troupe’s, what? Sugar daddy?” Phasma asked, clearly trying to get a rise out of either Hux or Rebecca. Hux choked a bit at the wording, and he thought he heard Kylo make some sort of noise at the same time. “Well, when you put it that way...” Rebecca wheezed, barely able to talk through her laughter. She was drawing breath to say something else, something likely damaging to Hux’s reputation. “I recently acquired a small theater in London,” he said, before Rebecca could get it together enough to form words. “We have a show opening in January, and this lot is the main cast. They lacked the required discipline, but otherwise, they are the perfect choices for the roles. I want to keep the troupe together long-term, and I realized that drastic steps had to be taken with their education.” “Hux offered us a range of options,” Abbie said shyly. “This sounded like the most fun. At the time, anyway. Then he showed us the costumes.” Rebecca groaned in sympathy with that statement. Hux sniffed. The costumes were lovely. Not to mention expensive. They were film quality, for god’s sake. Realism demanded sacrifice, he had explained this over and over- “What were some of the other options?” Phasma asked, her eyes sparkling with mischief. She threw a glance over at Kylo, who seemed to be paying attention to the conversation. “Um, let’s see,” Rebecca said, getting ready to list off the range of weird ideas they had come up with months ago. Hux mentally prepared himself for the imminent demise of his dignity. “Theme park work. Like dressing up as Disney characters and stuff. Then there was that one where we would only be allowed to speak lines from Shakespeare’s plays for two months, and if we misquoted we couldn’t speak for the rest of the day.” “No, no, the best one was the strip club idea,” Brandon suddenly butted in, a beer bottle held loosely in his hand. Hux worked at keeping his face impassive. “Oh my god,” Phasma cried. “Please tell me all about that one.” “What was it again?” Rebecca asked, turning to Hux. “Two months at a classy dance club? We almost went with that one, but we would have been required to learn pole dancing. Besides, Abbie is shy.” “Hux would have been the star for sure,” Brandon said. “He probably would have given up acting and stayed a stripper.” Hux couldn’t help but give him a sly smile, even though he was inwardly cringing. They’d had a whole conversation about it at the time, and the team had voted Hux most likely to succeed at any sort of sex work venture. It had been an interesting evening back in the theater’s prop room, a bottle of Bailey’s being handed around as they all tried on hats left over from old productions and choked on the dust. “No,” Rebecca laughed. “I see Hux at a BDSM club instead.” Hux’s heart rate picked up. Rebecca knew things about him the others didn’t, and she had been very discreet so far about keeping those things private. He wondered how much she’d had to drink in order to get so close to the truth in front of the rest of the team, not to mention virtual strangers “Oh, absolutely,” Brandon said, and then they suddenly had everyone’s attention, the other four actors dropping their own conversations and turning towards them instead. Hux couldn’t help but sneak glances over at Kylo, who was watching them with his dark eyes- gleaming with sparks of red and gold in the firelight, revealing nothing. Rebecca thumped Hux on the shoulder, pulling him back from his reverie. “We have your new future all planned out, boss. If this whole acting thing doesn’t work out, we will personally take you to the most prodigious club in London and sign you up as a dom. You would never need to touch your father’s money again.” Hux knew that anything he said would just be used against him, so he remained as gracious as he could, not confirming or denying anything. “This slip of a thing?” Phasma asked Rebecca, just loud enough that he could hear the exchange. “A dom? No way.” Rebecca gtinned. “Oh, don’t let him fool you. He's terrifying.” Hux rather liked that description of himself, and looked over at Phasma to see if she would challenge it. She gave him an appraising look, smiling softly. Her eyes flicked to Kylo for just a second and then back at Hux. “Okay,” Phasma said, her voice low and a gleam that Hux didn’t entirely like creeping into her eyes. “Hey, who drank all the Imperial stout?” Brandon suddenly whined, looking around like it had simply been misplaced. Carissa and Nina both giggled and Brandon shot them a withering look. “The Blue Moon was for you guys,” he complained. Hux tuned out the ensuing bickering, pretending to scroll through his phone while keeping an eye on Kylo. He saw the large man look his way a few times, and once he caught him staring as though mesmerized at Hux’s feet. Curious, Hux let the sandal dangle from his foot carelessly, the light from the campfire highlighting his pale skin. Kylo shifted in his chair. Oh, well, that was interesting. It was only a short time later that Kylo was standing, just as suddenly as the first time, and was gone. Hux watched after him, realizing that they had yet to say a single word to one another. Once again, the empty chair across the fire was distracting. Hux finally stood up himself, shoving his phone in his pocket and turning to go. Phasma caught his eye, raising her platinum brow and giving him a look. She turned to Rebecca and whispered something, then both women were looking at Hux. Rebecca seemed confused for a moment, but then her face cleared and she smiled. Turning to Phasma, she cupped her hand around the blond’s ear and whispered something back. Phasma nodded and they both laughed, sneaking looks at Hux as he finally walked away from the circle of people and headed for the yurt to finish preparing for the following day. That night in bed, Hux couldn’t help but think of Kylo’s eyes on him, his big hands on Hux’s smooth feet. First, he imagined Kylo running his calloused fingers over the tops and between his toes, but that quickly escalated to the knight bending Hux double, holding his feet to his massive chest, the dark hair falling over his face, moving across his features as Kylo drove into Hux’s prone body- Hux bit his tongue again as he came. He hadn’t thought of Bronson once. Notes: MothDustMouth on Tumblr Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the The Cage of Your Ivory Ribs series