“Come in, Finn.” Finn paused mid-step in his pacing and glanced across the hall. The door he had been pacing in front of remained sealed but the gentle commanding voice sounded out again: “You may enter, Finn. Pacing won’t do you a lick of good.” Finn stared for another second, took a deep breath, and held his new ID card reading -Finn - Corporal - Access Level - 3- up to the scanner at the door’s right. He stepped into the room and up to the General’s desk with precise and snappish footfalls, his arms held straight and loose at his sides, his hands curled, and, hopefully, his face blank. She didn’t look up at him, using one hand to sign off on the emergency supply runs delivered a few minutes before, and using the other to twirl a set of stones in the air in increasingly intricate patterns. He waited for her to speak, keeping his eyes on a spot next to her left ear. She rolled her eyes and said wryly, “At ease.” He complied. She let the stones drop as she reached for her comm. “Supply run ready. I’ve included some new additions. Uploaded to central database.” A reply buzzed, “Affirmative, General. I’ll let Snap know.” She then tossed her communicator unceremoniously onto the desk and leaned back in her chair with a sigh. “Alright, Finn,” she said, with a welcoming wave. “What is it you need at so late an hour?” The General and Finn were the only pair left in the central command room, as skeleton crews were rarely made up of tacticians and bargaining leaders. A maintenance droid, recovered from an old First Order base, was scrubbing along, a familiar sound to Finn who had once been worth just as much to his peers and commanders. (It was possible that Finn was still an equal to the mouse droid in the Resistance, in operational value if not intrinsic worth, but that would only be because of the significantly higher opinion everyone outside the Order apparently had of droids.) The room was dark but splashed with a purple glow from a nebula drifting in the void outside the window. It was quiet. Yet Finn could feel Leia amongst the emptiness. If he closed his eyes and covered his ears, he would still know she was there. She was a solid presence of warm gold just beneath the surface of everything he sensed he the room. This was what he came here for. “I wanted to speak to you in private,” he said, still not meeting her eyes. “And why is that?” “I want to be reassigned.” While she absorbed this, Finn took a moment to breathe deeply and consciously through a wave a nausea threatening to overbalance him. He remained upright and shut his eyes against the noise in his head. I’m allowed to want. I’m allowed to want. He opened his eyes and instantly knew he had taken more than a moment to collect himself, as he met the General’s eyes for the first time, registering the pure sympathy and patience that had turned the stressed lines around her mouth soft. “You’re going to have to give some good reasons as to why you want a new assignment,” she began, a small smile taking away any edge that would have accompanied the words otherwise. “Your aptitude tests were stellar, your marksmanship near perfect, your basic training clearly more in depth than what even the republic navy requires…you’re the whole package. We could use a leader like you.” “So could the First Order,” Finn snaps, the praise grating on him. “That’s why my training was so broad. I was being packaged for command - ” He cut himself off and watched the mouse droid scrub out of the room, no doubt to gossip with the rest of the droids about the General’s late night visitor. Leia waited for him to collect himself again, showing patience Finn had yet to encounter in all his life. Even those he had met in the Resistance these past few months were always bouncing and running and barely waiting long enough for Finn to catch up. “I was being packaged, I was Phasma’s favorite,” Finn began again, less heated. “My way of survival was learn whatever they taught me. To be competent enough for their continued interest in me... well, staying alive. I know what I can do. I know what I can do but I know something else about what I can do that they never learned about, I think. I would like to show you?” Leia’s eyes widened slightly, but otherwise her face gave nothing away. She nodded once at his request. Finn gave her a small smile than let his head drop forward. He focused in on a single dirty smudge on the floor between the toes of his boots. He held one breath in for as long as he could handle, then let it go slowly. He imagined taking off his armor. With another breath he started letting the tight coiled rope bound around his limbs unwind. Starting with the muscles in his feet, ankles, calves, thighs, wrists, arms, shoulders, the top of his head and his chest, and finally his stomach. They all fell away and for the first time in years, the world around him came into focus. He looked up at Leia and her eyes were shining, a sad grin stretched across her weathered cheeks. “Finn,” she asked softly, “Is that you?” Now the empty room was not just full of Leia’s solid presence, stony gold yet shimmering with dark blues and velvety greens, but now held Finn’s liquid presence as well, yellow and pink and so bright, like sunlight on an ocean at dawn. Finn felt his way through the room, touching the essence behind chairs and tables, tasting the air with splashes and sprays. He hadn’t been this free since he first discovered his affinity all those years ago as a child, desperately wishing for a different life than the one he had been dealt. Leia stood up, wading through the waves of his mind unbound and came to him. She reached up and with a shaking hand brushed away a tear from his face. “You are so brave, Finn,” she whispered. “To be this strong in the Force and to have kept it a secret for so long. How did you do it?” He shook his head and simply replied, “When I was young, I would have dreams, visions I guess you call them now, of a man talking about the Force to students, maybe? They were only brief glimpses, but I was learning from him all the same. I knew if I stood out too much, I would be, well, decommissioned. And when I started to practice what I saw in my dreams, I found I was able to control my ability enough to lock it away.” She grasped his hand as he spoke and he felt so warm and welcomed in that moment, it was getting more and more difficult to speak. “There weren’t any Force-users around at the time. When…” he paused, “When Kylo Ren joined the Order, I realized that he was the same as me. But I didn’t want to be the same as him. So I kept it hidden from him.” Ironically, if it hadn’t been for the intensive training he and the other troopers had gone through from childhood he would never have been able to keep his ability under lock and key. The discipline and unwavering physical exertion allowed him to let out the Force and it’s power over him, through him, in small ways everyday so the tight bounds he kept on it never suffocated, just shielded. He put the extra work in with the blasters, with the tactical training, with the medical training, with it all, but he also put in whatever he could so as not to drown in the power of the Force. He didn’t know it was the Force until they taught him about the shameful fall of the Empire, about Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker and Leia Organa. By that point, he had already known that eventually he was going to run away. After that lesson, his unspoken dream would be to find the man in his visions, or Luke or Leia. They would show him how not to be a monster. “I want you to teach me,” he said, squeezing her hands. “Please, I don’t know much more than hiding it. I want to help.” “I don’t understand,” Leia said, “Of course I’ll teach you what I know, but why do you want to be reassigned?” Finn grimaced, “I need to be on the ground. I don’t want to be in a command seat, away from it all. Let me be a Pathfinder. I have pretty extensive medical training and I know they need more medics, and I’ve been a soldier ordered into battle only once, no matter all my training, and I need to be out there, to learn, if I’m ever going to take a command, be a leader, I could be a field medic, or in intelligence, I know how they operate, I could - ” “Finn!” Leia cut in. “This is the bare minimum of a military operation. I promise, this isn’t what you are used to. It’s not even what I’m used to. But if you don’t want to be in Command than you won’t be. I already said, you’re incredibly skilled. You will be helpful anywhere.” She stepped back and dropped his hands. “I think for now, you should reign yourself back in. We’ll start Force training tomorrow, but I don’t want your first day under Dr. Kalonia to be filled with accidental floating mishaps.” They both looked around the room and styluses and pads and empty cups drifting on the liquid force quivering with Finn’s agitation from a few seconds before. Leia raised her eyebrows with a teasing smile. Finn bashfully wrapped himself up again, putting the armor back together. Force contained, the cups and such fell to the floor. Leia laughed as she put the room to right again with a few seconds of concerted handwaving. A strange feeling of hope descended on her spirit, a feeling unfelt for many years.