"Homeboy is staring at you. AGAIN." Rey glanced up from her book, frowning slightly. She hated to be interrupted when she got to a good part. The two upper grades were crammed together in the auditorium for yet another boring assembly about college, and "choosing the right career path for you!" Personally she didn't want to think of any of this stuff for at least another year, so she had brought a book with her, spending the long hour going back and forth between reading and talking to the boy next to her, her best friend, Finn. She briefly locked eyes with the person in question; a tall, dark haired boy sitting about two rows to the side and beneath them. He was covered in head to toe black, with a baggy hooded sweatshirt, strap and chain-adorned pants, and clunky military-style boots, also decorated in straps. He hadn't always dressed like something out of an emo kid's wet dream. She had known him for years, as his family had lived in the house across the street from hers since grade school. When they were younger they were often forced (or as the grownups would call it, "encouraged") to play with one another, as their moms were good friends, and always at one another's houses. Then about two years back her mom passed away, and the visits from the Solo household became less and less frequent. Which wasn't due at all to lack of effort on /their/ part; but after her mom's death, her father became more and more of a social recluse, pushing away those once close to him and burying himself in his work. Their differing personal interests and groups of friends pulled them away from each other, resulting in a friendship that was more neighborly than actually friendly. Still, she texted with him quite often, and on rare occasions she also hung out with him in the outside world; platonic activities where they shared slightly common interests, such as food and movies. Despite the often scary black clothing and his carefully crafted cynical demeanor with others, he was actually a really nice guy. And, for some reason, it seemed like since the start of this year, his Senior and her Junior, he had been making more of an effort to talk to her, spend time with her. She couldn't imagine WHY; she was so different, probably dull, compared to the group of friends he normally hung out with. She had off-handedly mentioned this to Finn, one time when they were watching TV at her house. He jumped right away into the whole "Maybe he has a crush on you" spiel, and despite her protests, hadn't left the idea alone ever since. It wouldn't--be such a bad thing, if he DID see her like that. Which she doubted. It was just, she honestly didn't see what the attraction would be, on his end. Again, despite questionable fashion choices, he was actually quite good-looking. Tall and muscular, with tiny dark moles standing out against pale skin on his face and neck. Unusually full lips for a boy, and a full head of long, semi curly black hair that often fell in a messy tangle across his dark, expressive eyes. His name was Ben Solo, although, about three years back, he had started going by Kylo Ren, which he had informally christened himself around the same time he went into full-goth mode. With the exception of his parents and a few stuffy teachers, nobody ever called him by his /real/ name; she doubted that half the people in his life even knew what it /was/. He was sitting with his core group of friends, an eclectic trio who, like him, wore mostly black and went by singular, made-up names. The girl was tall, taller than Ren even, with short spiky blonde hair and multiple piercings in her ears and lip. She went by the name Phasma. One of the others, Ren's best friend, was a guy who went by the name of Hux. He was about shoulder length height to Ren, skinny and pale, with dark-framed glasses and bright orange-red hair. If Rey had to guess she'd say that, aside from Ren, he was the most intelligent one in that group. Certainly the quietest; or at least he was that way in public. Lastly, there was the other boy, about halfway in height between Ren and Hux, with straight brown hair, big ears, and a mouth that wouldn't quit. He had one of those annoying carrying voices, loud and somewhat nasal, that you could pretty much identify out of any group of people. He went by the name of Mitaka, although his friends had adopted to calling him Mitty on most occasions. She looked at Ren, now, who was indeed looking at her; and she raised her hand a little , wiggling her fingers at him in a slight wave which he returned, smiling tentatively, before turning back to the sketchbook sitting on his lap. She couldn't see very well what he was drawing from here, but it looked sort of like a dog or some small animal biting the head off of another, larger animal. Turning back to her book, she said to her best friend "He wasn't /staring/; he just happened to be looking in this direction, Finn." Finn snorted a laugh, leaning back further in his seat. "So he just 'happened' to be looking in this direction, like 5 separate times, now?" "Well, obviously that's not such a hard thing to do, if you've 'happened' to /see/ him looking over here all these times." "Touché", he said, grinning. "Hola, amigos", said a voice from behind them. Finn turned around, smiling widely; but Rey didn't have to turn around to know who is was. It was Poe, the guy who had moved here a little over a year ago from San Antonio; a startling attractive half-Latino boy with an adorable accent, curly brown hair, huge soulful eyes, and skin that stayed enviably tanned-looking even in the coldest winter months. And, most importantly, he was dating Finn. The first time that Finn had confessed to her that he had feelings for the charismatic newcomer, she had been somewhat surprised, but supportive. Finn had never shown interest in /anyone/ before, male or female, so she had assumed that there must be terribly special about the one person who had finally caught his eye, in that way. Eventually the two started dating, casually at first; and then earlier this semester they had declared themselves in love and exclusive with each other. It was somewhat awkward, in the beginning, trying to include Poe into a group that had been a duo for so long. However his charms and his obvious devotion to her best friend warmed Rey's heart to him, and now the three of them were nearly inseparable, spending copious amounts of time at each other's houses and hanging out. He walked up now, leaning across his boyfriend to give Rey a tight hug before pecking Finn on the cheek and slipping into the seat he had been saving for him. "So what's new in the land of boredom?", he asked, leaning back in his seat and frowning at the stage, where some representative from the local college was giving a speech about freshman enrollment. "You know, same old same old," Rey said, not looking up from her book. "What do YOU want to be when you grow up?", she asked in a mock-cheerful voice, imitating the speaker at the podium. Sitting up a little, he said "I don't know about the rest of these losers, but I'd like to be Mr. Finn one day", he said teasingly, reaching over to grab Finn's hand. Finn gave his hand a squeeze before saying "I think they mean something that'll earn money, babe. Something lucrative." "But it will earn money. I mean, at least YOU will. You're going to be a professional basketball player, right? You'll be making millions, and I'll get to be a stay at home spouse, with the kids. It's a good plan." Finn laughed, before saying "Yeah, okay; tell that to Coach Dickwad the next time he has me riding the bench the entire game." "Sounds like a smart plan to me, Poe", Rey says as she turned another page. "Well what about YOU, mamacita?", he asked, using the nickname he had assigned to her from the very beginning. "What do YOU want to be?" She frowned, looking up from her book at him. "Happy, mostly." "That's -- deep", Poe said, now looking at her thoughtfully. "That should be the answer everyone has; to be happy." "I suppose; but happiness doesn't pay the bills, in most scenarios", she said, yawning and stretching out a little. "Which is why we have to sit through bullshit assemblies like this one." Finn leaned forward, conspiratorially. "Well I know what would make you happy," he said, shifting his eyes down towards where Ren was sitting. "What's that?, asked Poe, confused. Right then the bell rang, dismissing the auditorium and saving Rey from having to answer Poe's question. Her heart sank as she heard Finn say to him, low, "Don't worry; I'll tell you later." Chapter 2 iMessage Tuesday 8:47 PM Finn: what's up bestie and bae? Poe: hey there sexy Poe: was just thinking of you Finn: yeah? why's that? Poe: eating brownies Finn: . . . are you saying that cuz we're both brown? Finn: that's racist, you ass Poe: actually it's bc you're both sweet--but now that u mention it Finn: what if I said I was thinking of you cuz I was like, eating tacos? Poe: I'd think that was AWESOME. Poe: bc tacos rule. Finn: lmao Finn: truuuuue. Poe: where's wifey? hasn't joined in yet...sad Finn: Reeeeeey? Finn: reyyyy? Poe: mamacita? donde esta? Finn: I feel like she's ignoring us Poe: I know. Poe: breaking our hearts, Rey Poe: suicide pact if she doesn't respond in 5 minutes? Finn: agreed. Finn: but maybe we shouldn't be too harsh Finn: maybe she's out w Ren somewhere Poe: Ren? who's that? Finn: you know, her neighbor. Senior @ school. Finn: I think you've seen him at least once, when we've dropped Rey off Poe: ooooh wait, I think I know who u mean Poe: the tall goth-looking kid? w the dark hair? Finn: yeah him Poe: sooooo since when has this been a thing? Poe: you two bitches just weren't gonna say anything huh? Finn: calm down Bae Rey: it's not a "thing"!!! Rey: we're neighbor's! Rey: barely friends! Finn: REY!! Poe: Mamacita!! Poe: wait no, I'm mad Poe: who's this dude I have yet to meet/ approve of? Rey: Finn, I'll kill you. Rey: he's no one Rey: just a friend Rey: he lives across the street Finn: he's got the hots for Rey Poe: well, who wouldn't? Finn: so obvious it's almost painful Rey: you're really putting my business on front street like this, Finn? really? Poe: so I'm not part of "front street"? Poe: :-( Finn: awww babe Rey: of course you are! u know I love both of you. Rey: I just don't know why we're talking about this Rey: we're FRIENDS. Rey: that's it. Finn: he's cute tho Poe: .... Finn: not cuter than YOU, bae. Finn: but he IS cute. Finn: and so are you, Rey. Finn: you go together Rey: just bc two ppl are both cute don't mean they fit together, tho Finn: fair point Finn: but clearly u don't see the way he looks at you when we pass him in the hallways Finn: it's like his eyes are on fire or something Poe: geez I need to start paying more attention Finn: u really do. Rey: eh Rey: don't wanna talk about this anymore Poe: heard. Finn: fine Finn: not th last time I'm gonna bug u about this tho. Rey: heard. Finn: so we still on for the mall this weekend? Poe: hells yeah! Rey: what day? I gotta work on Friday Poe: Saturday right? Finn: was thinking Saturday Rey: ok good Rey: we need to go to Hot Topic Rey: I wanna get the new Power Rangers Funkos Poe: lord girl Poe: when u gonna give up those goofy things? Poe: they're creepy af Finn: don't knock the Funkos bae. just because YOU don't know what's cool . . . Rey: creepy?! u misspelled "adorable", there, Poe. Poe: you two are weirdos. they are to creepy! they all have the same scary soulless eyes. Rey: lmao Rey: suddenly I know what to get you for your birthday Poe: ugh Poe: they're freakin' bobble-heads! Poe: didn't that shit go out w the 90's or something? Rey: they're not ALL bobble-heads. Rey: plus they'd cute Rey: theyre* Finn: we should get him all the serial killer ones Finn: like Chucky, the clown from IT, etc Finn: they can sit on his dresser n watch him sleep Poe: noooooo! I'm good over here, thanks Rey: lol Finn: lol Finn: party pooper Poe: speaking of party pooper tho--I've gotta go Poe: got a Dentists early morn b4 school Rey: ugh Rey: have fun w that Finn: yeah I gotta take my ass to bed too Poe: I know rite? Poe: *kisses Finn* Poe: *bear hugs Rey* Finn: kisses love Rey: goodnight! loves you both! Finn: love u Rey Poe: loves u mamacita Chapter 3 Ren crumpled up another drawing, sighing to himself. This was his fifth attempt at drawing the stupid self-portrait he had been assigned in Art, and for the life of him he couldn't figure out why it kept turning out so bad. He also didn't get why, when he was alone with his sketchbook, drawing came so easily to him. He could draw anything off the top of his head, and most of his stuff turned out pretty good. But whenever he had to draw something for an actual assignment-- He had thought that taking Art as his elective for the semester would be s breeze, as he spent most of his free time sketching out the pictures in his head, anyway. He quickly learned, however, that his work suffered greatly when it had to be drawn within the confines of school assignments and standards. It was too far into the year to drop out and take something else, so he just put his head down and plowed through, trying to make the best of the situation. Even if his class work was horse-shit compared to his actual work. Like now. He was almost temped to take out his phone and snap a picture of himself, to work off of, before telling himself how stupid of an idea that was. Why in the world do you need to look at a picture of your own face?, he thought angrily to himself. You've lived with it for 18 fucking years; do you not know what you look like, yet, or what? Frustrated, he sat up in his seat, looking around him. Most of the tables in the library were empty, except for a few kids scattered here and there at random tables, reading or talking quietly amongst themselves into the stillness. It was about an hour after the final bell, and most of the other kids had gone home. He was sitting in here waiting for Hux, who had a meeting down the hall with his creative writing club. Hux's car was in the shop, getting new brakes put on, and Ren had grudgingly offered him a ride home. He really shouldn't complain; before he had gotten his wheels Hux had driven him all over the place, without complaint. The least he could do was wait for him one lousy day, right? He turned back to his sketchbook, sighing again as he tried to make another attempt at drawing his face. No, fuck; now his ears were all wrong. Resisting the urge to scream, he crumpled the drawing up into a ball and tossed it beside the other balls, sitting on the table. At this rate he would have quite a collection before he left. He was staring down at the blank piece of paper, but found himself thinking of the assembly earlier. Mostly it was boring, but he was paying attention enough to hear the benefits of possibly going to community college for 2 years, before transferring to a "real" school. It was probably a smart option, considering that his grades weren't the best; and community college was an extremely cost-efficient way to build up both grades and transferable credits before going to the "big boy's school". Not that he particularly wanted to think of any of that now. He had been half paying attention, his eyes wandering around the auditorium, until they landed on Rey, his friend and across-the-street neighbor. He wasn't sure why, exactly, but lately she had been on his mind more than usual. They texted each other every so often, mostly lighthearted things like funny memes or amusing anecdotes about school. But he often found that, no matter how short or how goofy the conversation, he always wanted more. Like, he could go on talking to her forever. He had been thinking this when he was looking at her, not realizing he was staring until she caught his eye and smiled at him, giving him a little wave. She'd be easy to draw, he thought to himself, absently moving his pencil over the paper and beginning to sketch out the face in his mind. A pale, small-oval face framed by chin length dark hair. Tiny nose ending just above full lips. Semi-sculpted cheeks. A smile that crinkled her wide eyes and illuminated her whole face. "Hey, I'm ready, let's get out of here", Hux spoke behind him, causing him to jump a little in his seat. He hadn't even noticed him walk up. "What'r you working on?", he asked curiously, attempting to peek over Ren's hunched shoulders. "Self-portrait for art", Ren mumbled, curling his hand around the picture to hide it; too late. Hux had already seen. "I don't know, man, I don't think you look quite as pretty as that. Really NOTHING like that, at all. Do you want to borrow my glasses?", he asked teasingly, taking them off and holding them out to Ren. "Shut up, Hux", Ren growled, slamming the book closed and stuffing it into his backpack. He stood up and slung his bag over his shoulder, pushing in his chair as he said "Come on, let's get out of here already." The two boys walked through the empty hallways in silence, a bit, before Hux cleared his throat and said, somewhat awkwardly, "Was that--your neighbor?" Ren scowled at him and said nothing, as Hux continued "Because, if it was, it was good. Like, really really good. Very--lifelike." Ren shrugged his shoulders, still saying nothing, as they reached the parking lot and made it to his car. He unlocked the doors and got in, tossing his backpack in the back seat and cranking the key in the ignition. His stereo immediately started blaring out his old Black Sabbath CD, the last thing he had been listening to this morning. He winced, turning it down a little. They drove along in silence a little towards Hux's house, before he spoke again, in a low voice. "That girl--is really cute, Ren. At least, she is in the picture. Why don't you ask her out sometime?" "We do hang out sometimes," he mumbled, not looking at Hux. "Just last week we went to see that movie, remember?" "I know that, man. I don't mean like /that/. I mean like, an actual DATE." "She wouldn't want to for-real go out with me, Hux. I don't think I'm her type. Plus, you know, we're friends. Just friends." "Jesus Christ you're a jackass", says Hux, a smile in his voice. "Haven't you ever heard that the best relationships are ones that start off as friendships?" "No, I haven't, you dick", Ren said, smirking as he looked over at Hux. "If that's the case, why aren't WE going out, then?" "Because you're an ugly, ignorant fuck-face and I have standards. Idiot." Now both boys were howling with laughter, eyes tearing up and coughing into their hands. When they calmed down a bit, Ren looked back over at him, grinning. "I think you meant to say that I'M a drop dead sexy genius and you're a pale puny ginger numb-nuts." "Eh. To-may-toe, Tah-mah-toe." They pulled up in front of Hux's house and he got out, leaning back in the open window to say "Thanks for the ride, punk-ass. Text me later, huh?" "Yeah, yeah, yeah. See you later, loser", he said and pulled off, leaving Hux standing on the curb, still chuckling to himself. Chapter 4 iMessage Tuesday 11:03 PM Ren: so you dicks comin over or what? Ren: hello? Hux: what? Phasma: coming where? Ren: my house! Ren: asked u guys this last night Hux: dude it's 11pm Hux: the fuck we comin to your house for? Hux: to read poetry? Phasma: no u didn't Hux: seriously Ren at what point yesterday did u open your mouth n say "hey Phasma hey Hux hey Mitty come to my house tomorrow st 11 at fucking night for no fuckjng reason?" Phasma: lmso Phasma: lmao* Ren: can't sleeeeeeep Ren: I told u I got Naruto shippuden right? the new box set? Vol 5 Hux: no u didn't Hux: and that's not new asshole Hux: that's from like 2011! Ren: 2010 Ren: point is it's new to ME Ren: n I just got it so Phasma: Jesus Christ you guys are geeky af Hux: I'm not the one wTching that shit! Phasma: yet you knew right away but he was talking about Phasma: aka geek. Ren: haaaaaa no. Ren: clearly you have NO taste Hux: would it be better if we watched that lame-ass shit u like? Hux: like OITNB? Phasma: omfg don't hate on my show! Phasma: that show is like a god! Ren: it's like updated 70's lesbo porn Ren: with slightly better plot lines Ren: and music Ren: but still. lame. Hux: not gonna lie some of those scenes hit as fuck tho Hux: hot* Ren: no one needs to know what u think is "hot as fuck", Hux Ren: like no one Phasma: lmao Phasma: gotta agree w Hux on that Phasma: but still Ren: don't let him know u thin it's hot too Phasma! Ren: boy has no free time as it is, considering all the shit he jerks it to now Phasma: *blush* Phasma: *prolonged awkward silence* Phasma: glad to be of service--? Hux: speaking of hot a fuck Hux: how's your mom Ren? Hux: ::grins:: Phasma: daaaaamn Phasma: shots fired? Ren: what the fuck? Ren: UGH! Ren: I should beat your ass for that u dick Hux: rather have your mom beat my ass Hux: but ok Hux: lmfao I'm sorry u walked into that Hux: please don't kill me dude Hux: u know I love you right!? Phasma: *cough* Bromance *cough* Phasma: *cough* take out the "B" *cough* *cough* Hux: ugh Ren: yes u jerk off Ren: I enjoyably tolerate you, too Ren: even if u obsessed w OITNB pseudo porn Mitaka: I'd come but no red bro Mitaka: ride* Hux: hey Mitty Phasma: my late to the damn party Phasma: mr* Ren: funny how u don't show up til someone mentions porn Phasma: lmao Phasma: good point Mitaka: I'm gonna need u guys to stop adding me to lame ass group chats when I'm trying to sleep Hux: lame? really? Phasma: hurtful, bro Phasma: wtf r u doin asleep so early anyway? Mitaka: it's called being tired, genius Hux: oooooh damn Phasma. burn! Ren: you can't come at my bitch like that bro Ren: I'll fight you Phasma: bitch? Phasma: wait why am I YOUR bitch in this scenario? Hux: damn Mitty u better hide Ren: bc I'm the alpha male here, duh Ren: alphas=gets bitches Phasma: fair point but can we lay off the "bitch" term Phasma: kinda harsh Ren: you're right. apologies ::hugs:: Hux: wait, wjat? Hux: what* Phasma: ::hugs:: Ren: changing the word don't change the situation tho Ren: u still mine Ren: just FYI Phasma: fair point Ren: what Hux? Mitaka: winner of "having the weakest game ever" award goes to... Hux: how the fuck do u think YOU'RE alpha male here? Mitaka: seriously! Phasma: why not? Ren: because I AM. Ren: like it's obvious Hux: this motherfucker is delusional Ren: 1. Smarter 2. Better looking 3. Fuck you Hux. Mitaka: better looking? For real? Phasma: agree w #3; not so sure about first two Mitaka: lol Hux: thanks Phasma Hux: *pout* Phasma: kisses @ Hux Hux: 1. Egotistical 2. Delusional 3. Insane Phasma: lol Ren: just because you use big words doesn't make u right Hux. just so you know. Hux: u think those are big words? smh I should have added "dumb as fuck" to the list Hux: you know what THAT means, right? Hux: wink Hux: wait fuck I didn't mean wink lol Mitaka: --whispers--yes he did Mitaka: u want me n Phasma to leave so ya'll can talk in private? Ren: fuck you Mitty Hux: eww Mitaka: I'M not the one trying to fuck you, here, bro Phasma: rofl hey cmon Ren is mine. Phasma: Hux is mine too Phasma: so r u Mitty Phasma: you're like my male concubines lol Ren: but I'm your favorite one tho right? Ren: I mean your other choices aren't that great Hux: uh no Ren: like I win by default Hux: you would suck as a man whore Ren Hux: and you're nowhere near as pretty as me, sooooo Ren: since wen r gingers considered "pretty"? Hux: since when r pale-ass all-black wearing serial-killer looking mother fuckers considered "pretty"? or even "normal"? Mitaka: good question. Ren: I'M pale?! Phasma: interesting. maybe I should have u all fight to the death to be my main hoe, huh? Ren: you look like you've never seen the sun a day in your damn life Hux! Mitaka: not fair to Ren or Hux. I'd smoke these two! Hux: doubt it Ren: really Mitty? Mitaka: like they wouldn't even have a chance! Ren: you gonna make me choke I'm laughing so hard Mitaka: if the prize was you, Phas, then I'd literally have no choice but to destroy these two candy-asses. Phasma: jeez apparently talkin to a group of horny-ass boys late @ nite isn't the best move here lmao Hux: and the award for 2nd weakest game ever goes to... Phasma: *sits back w popcorn* Ren: at least Mitty n me r trying, douche Ren: u just sitting there like a loser Hux: mere mortals do not attempt to obtain Goddesses. Hux: that's what Phasma is btw Hux: Goddess. Hux: *drops mic* Phasma: swoon Phasma: *takes Hux arm* Phasma: "lets get out of here" Phasma: *whispers* I fucking love redheads Hux: BOOM Hux: suck it Ren, fuck you Mitty Ren: *rolls eyes* Ren: u guys make me sick Mitaka: ur mad cuz his game just shot yours to pieces bro Ren: what's that word u used earlier, Hux? Ren: delusional? Ren: that's what Mitty is, not me. Mitaka: uh huh Ren. Mitaka: I'm not delusional Mitaka: I'm TIRED Mitaka: peace out, losers Hux: lame! Ren: smh can't hang w the big kids huh? Phasma: neither can I. I'm fucking tired. Phasma: see ya'll tomorrow huh? Ren: Noooooo! Ren: you're all abandoning me? Phasma: sorry. but for real I'm tired. Phasma: we still going to movies tomorrow after school? Hux: I'm still in; you still giving me a ride? Phasma: yep we can all talk @ lunch m figure out when we going Ren: yeah I'm in Phasma: ok good. Phasma: g'nite my loves Hux: night Phasma Ren: g'nite lady Ren: nighty night asswipe Hux: dick Ren: jerk-face Hux: punk-ass Ren: your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Hux: ... seriously? Hux: stealing from Monty Python now? Hux: bigger loser than I thought Ren: just jealous cuz u didn't think of it first Ren: bitch Hux: mother-fucker Ren: hey now lets leave your mom outta this Ren: come on bro I can do this all night! Hux: cock Ren: nerd Hux: idiot Ren: mongoloid Hux: freak Ren: dipshit Phasma: *pushes open door w bat in hand* Phasma: BOYS. Phasma: GO. TO. BED!!! Hux: ... fuck Hux: sorry mom Hux: *flips off Ren before pulling covers over head* Ren: sorry ma Ren: *sticks tongue out at Hux b4 hiding in bed * Phasma: that's better Chapter 5 iMessage Thursday 8:38 PM Ren: hi Rey: hey Rey: what's up? Ren: not much, trying to distract myself from this homework lol Rey: what subject? Ren: Calculus Rey: ugh. Rey: fucking hate math Rey: have like a D in pre-calc right now Ren: that sucks Ren: u ever need help u can ask me Ren: I got a B when I took it last year Rey: I might do that sometime Rey: it's like I can't make myself focus Rey: like I see numbers n my brain shuts off lol Ren: that's how I feel in lit lol Rey: really? that's like my fav class Ren: I mean I like the books n stuff Ren: but like Ren: having to analyze a book ruins it for me Ren: I can't enjoy something that I'm like worrying about if I "get" it or not. maybe I don't want to "get" it. maybe I just want to enjoy a damn story. Ren: if that makes sense Rey: I can see your point Rey: yeah it makes sense Rey: but some of the books, I would never have read if they weren't assigned. and some I really liked, so that's a good thing Ren: agreed. Ren: so wyd? Rey: honestly, nothing. Rey: laying here listening to music. Rey: staring at the ceiling. Rey: like a loser. lol Ren: don't worry I do that same shit Ren: who are u listening to? Rey: I've got my iPod on shuffle Rey: right now it's Adele Ren: gag. Rey: whaaaaat?! Ren: Gag. capital G. Rey: how can u even say that? who the hell doesn't like Queen Adele?! Ren: Queen? really? that's a bit much for such mediocre talent, isn't it? Rey: r u trolling me right now? Rey: Kylo I will fight you. Ren: well you know where I live, darlin'. I'm not scared! Rey: ha. Rey: I can guarantee Adele is better than some of the shit you listen to. Ren: shit? Ren: my highly refined musical tastes can hardly be classified as "shit". Rey: half the stuff I listen to doesn't even have real words! It's just screaming to a loud beat! Rey: you** Ren: that "screaming" is actually quite soothing. u should give it a listen. Rey: pass. Ren: you're missing out, but ok Ren: geez you're stubborn Rey: I know Rey: but so are you Rey: prob why we're friends right? Ren: probably. Ren: God I'm hungry Ren: I want some ice cream Ren: gonna go to Coldstone Ren: come w me? Rey: I'd like to but I'm broke as a joke lol Ren: that's ok, you know I got you Rey: really? Rey: that's sweet Rey: okay when? Ren: cool, I'll drive over in like 10-ish minutes Rey: I can just walk over you're literally right across the street goofy Ren: but there's raccoons out there! what if u get attacked/eaten? Ren: safer this way, trust me Rey: lol ok weirdo Rey: see u in 10 Ren: k Chapter 6 He pulled up in front of her house and jumped out, grinning. She was sitting on her front step, under the porch light. Her hair was pulled back into a messy bun, and she was wearing her dad's oversized Yale hoodie over a pair of pale pink pajama bottoms, black Converse shoes peaking out from underneath the hem. She looked absolutely gorgeous. He walked over to the passenger door, pulling it open and lowering his head in an exaggerated bow, moving his arm in a sweeping gesture. "Your chariot awaits, mi'lady", he said, smirking up at her from beneath the hair. She laughed and stood up, turning red as she said "You really do know how to go full dork-mode, don't you?" He laughed as she got in, saying "I'm nothing if not amusing." The ride to Coldstone was punctuated with more laughs, as they switched back and forth between various radio stations, arguing with each other's "taste" in music. Pulling up, Rey couldn't help but notice how crowded it was, for this time of night. It was only around 9pm, but still, for a school night that could be pretty late. They ordered their ice cream, Kylo getting an Oreo sundae and Rey getting a double chocolate waffle cone, before going to sit at one of the little tables by the window. She looked around the room. Lots of the people here seemed to be from school. As she focused on a large group sitting between two tables across the room, she recognized them as the school's drama club, probably just coming from rehearsals for the new play they were putting on. Oh, shit, she thought; if they're here, then that means . . . As if reading her thoughts, a tall curly headed brunette boy happened to glance up and meet her eyes, grinning in slow recognition. Then he looked to her left and saw Kylo, and his smile got even wider, his eyebrows going up with curiosity. Excusing himself to his friends, he stood up and headed across the room towards them, pushing a lock of hair out of his face with one hand and holding a sundae in the other. "Rey! Hi girl! What's going on?", he asked loudly, looking pointedly at Kylo through narrowed eyes. "Hey Poe", she said, standing up to hug him. "This is Kylo", she said, gesturing towards him with her head. "Hey. I'm Poe.", he said, extending his hand before pulling over a chair from the next table and flipping it around, sitting on it backwards. "What are ya'll doing out here so late?" Rey gave him a brief explanation of what they were doing there, before distracting him with a question about his groups play. He launched into a full diatribe of their rehearsal, gesturing with his hands and acting out a few of his favorite scenes for them with his spoon and a straw from the little dispenser on the table. Kylo was watching him and listening, polite but somewhat confusedly. Rey could understand that last part; Poe often came across quite strongly to those who didn't know him very well at first. His dynamic nature and sometimes exhaustive charisma could be hard to handle, at first. "Looks like my group is leaving", said Poe, tossing the remains of his sundae in a nearby trashcan. "I'll talk to you later, mamacita," he said as he leaned over to hug her again. "And it was nice to meet YOU," he said, nodding at Ren. Ren nodded back, watching as Poe left and walked towards his friends, looking back over his shoulder at Rey one last time. Oh, God, she thought to herself, Now I really AM never going to hear the end of this. "He's--interesting", said Kylo, absently scooping up the rapidly melting remains of his ice cream. "Yeah, he is," said Rey, nibbling the last bit of her cone and throwing the stub in the trash. "He's the one dating Finn now. You remember Finn, right?" Kylo nodded, wiping his mouth with the corner of his napkin and tearing the rest into tiny strips. "That's funny", he said, seemingly absorbed in his little task. "I never would have thought that Finn was . . . you know . . ." "Gay?" "Yeah", he said, looking at her tentatively. "Not that there's anything wrong with that. It's just, not something I would have pictured." "Well, truthfully, I don't believe he IS gay. Poe neither. Or anyone, for that matter", she said, glancing up at the confused look on his face before continuing. "Or I guess that's not what I mean. I mean, I don't think labels should be a thing anymore. People put so much emphasis on what other people are or aren't, and like, why should it even matter?" "I think you should love who you love, or like who you like, and just leave it at that. If you're a guy and you love a guy, fine. If you're a guy and love a girl, fine. What you do should have no effect on other people's lives, you know? But why's it so important to put a label on /everything/?" She stopped speaking, abruptly, looking at him to see what he thought of her impromptu rant. He probably thought she was a little crazy. He was looking at her with a thoughtful expression on his face, his brow furrowed slightly as if in thought. "I never really thought of it that way", he said slowly, running his hand through his hair. "But I see the point of what you're saying, and I think I agree. Labels ARE pointless and you SHOULD just love who you love, no matter what other people decide to /call/ it, or /say/ about it." "You're pretty smart," he said shyly, looking down at the table. "And you're pretty sweet", she said, timidly reaching across the table and grasping his hand in a brief tight squeeze before letting go. "For the ice cream, I mean. Very nice of you." "It's no problem," he mumbled, before standing up. "It's getting kinda late though; are you ready to go?" "Yeah, I'm ready." He held the door for her as they stepped out into the chilly night, each pursuing their own thoughts as they glided through the dark towards the car. ~*~*~*~*~*~ "Hey", she said, glancing around shyly at his friends before pulling a small brown bag out of her backpack. "I made these for you, this morning. A little thank you for the ice cream." He and Hux and Phasma had been sitting in their usual corner table in the cafeteria, when suddenly Rey walked up to them, seemingly materializing out of thin air. He wondered how she had gotten in; this wasn't her lunch period, and usually the lunch aides at the door would check the ID's of all unfamiliar faces to make that they belonged there. Now he took the bag, opening it and grinning. Inside was a handful of large, fluffy looking M&M cookies. "Geez this is nice of you. Thank you." Hux elbowed him in the side, and Ren jumped a little, clearing his throat before saying "Oh. This is Hux, and that's Phasma", he said, pointing to each one in turn. She smiled and said Hi to each of them, before looking back at Ren. Do you--want to join us? I can pull another chair over.", Ren asked, straightening up in his seat a little. "Thanks but no. I was just passing outside and saw you sitting here." "Besides I should probably get out of here before Godzilla over there realizes I snuck in.", she said, gesturing towards the burly lunch aide standing a few feet away from the door, chatting with one of the teachers. "That's cool. Well, thanks", he said, somewhat awkwardly, trying to control the blush he felt creeping over his face. "No problem", she said, turning to leave. "Let me know if you liked them later; if the secret poison doesn't get to you first", she teased. "It was nice to meet you both", she said to the other two at the table, smiling shyly. "You too", said Phasma, eyeing Ren before smiling back at the girl. Hux nodded and smiled, also looking at Ren. Phasma couldn't control the wide grin spreading over her face as she waited for Rey to be completely out of sight, before she pounced on Ren. "Geez, Ren, your face is so red right now", she teased, leaning across the table and flicking at his cheek with her fingers. "Shut up", he grumbled, flinching away from her hand and pulling his hood over his head. "Not sure but I think that girls in my Bio class", Hux said. "Like she sits in the back of the room. Wow, up close . . ." "Cute, right?" Phasma joined in, taking a sip of her Coke. "So tiny! Like a little doll!" "Yeah Ren you better be careful with her, you're liable to break her with your big self.", said Hux, leaning back in his chair and lacing his hands behind his head. "Hey guys, what's up?", asked Mitaka, coming over and plopping down next to Phasma, setting a large plate of fries and a Kit Kat bar in front of him. "What's wrong with you, Ren? You look like you're having a stroke or something." "Shut UP", he growled at him, grabbing his bag of cookies and pulling out the biggest one, scowling as he nibbled at it. "Who shoved a stick up /his/ ass?", Mitaka muttered, shoveling a fistful of fries into his mouth. "He's just a little embarassed because his ~girlfriend~ was here", Phasma cooed, stealing a handful of fries off his plate. "Girlfriend?", he asked, confused; then he said "Oh--you mean that one girl?" "Yeah, that one girl", said Hux, also leaning forward to steal fries from Mitaka. "Seriously though have you ever seen her up close? Really adorable." "No, I haven't", he said, as Ren glowered at them all from underneath his hood. "Isn't she with that one guy though? The one from the basketball team?" "No, she's NOT", snapped Ren, slouching back in his seat. "That's her /friend/." "Okay dude, calm down. Just asking, God." "So we still going to the play tonight?", asked Phasma, changing the subject. Mitaka groaned next to her. "I HATE these school plays," he said, opening up his candy bar. "They're so damn boring!" "So do I but if Mr. Rebar is offering extra credit for this, I can't NOT go. And you either, genius, not after you flunked that last quiz." "That quiz was bullshit, anyway. Like none of the questions were in the book!", he exclaimed, waving his candy bar around, tiny flecks of chocolate falling from the wrapper. Phasma rolled her eyes. "Yes they were you idiot. You'd know that if you actually /read/ the damn thing!" "All we've gotta do is go, right? And we get the extra points?" "See, this is why you keep failing. We also have to write a one-page review of the play, critiquing the actors 'n shit." "Seriously? That sounds like a lot of work. Aren't there just Cliffnotes or something I can copy? It's Hamlet, right?" "Yeah but you're not writing a review on the damn book; its on the play itself, the actors. Pay attention once in a while!" Mitaka pouted, balling up his candy wrapper and stuffing it into his empty water bottle. "Now I really /don't/ wanna go." "Well suck it up buttercup cuz you're /going/. So are these two weirdos. Not like /they/ have to. Hux actually loves these things." "I do. They're really good. And honestly it wouldn't kill you ignorant cretans to get a little bit of culture.", said Hux. "Wait so why am /I/ going, then?", Ren demanded, crumpling up the now-empty cookie bag and tossing it on top of Phasma's empty tray. "I don't need extra credit, and I don't like plays, either." "Peer pressure, bitch. We're going, you're going. Plus you're driving, so--" Ren frowned but said nothing, fiddling with the lid of his bottle of Sprite. Phasma watched him for a little bit, seemingly about to say something but then changed her mind, sighing a little. "I've gotta go; I have to get my art project out of my car and get it to class before the bell rings. Don't want it to get broken by some asshat in the hallway." She stood, walking across the room to dump the garbage on her tray before coming back and grabbing her backpack from the back of the chair. "Cmon Mitty, come help me carry it in, please?" "Fine," Mitaka huffed, standing and smoothing back his hair. "Later, D-bags", he said, tipping a nod back to Ren and Hux as he and Phasma made their way out the door. The two boys sat in silence a few minutes, each lost in their own thoughts, before Ren said, somewhat awkwardly, "I think--I really do like her, Hux." "Who?" "Who do you THINK?", Ren asked, sighing and rolling his eyes. There was another long pause before Hux said, in a serious voice, "So tell her." Ren ran a hand through his thick locks, chewing his lower lip before saying "I couldn't do that, Hux. I'm almost positive she doesn't like me, like that." " 'Doesn't like you' ?", Hux repeated, looking sideways at him. "Dude she MADE YOU COOKIES! If that's not "like", I don't want to know what /is/!" When Ren didn't respond, he looked over at him again and sighed, taking off his glasses and rubbing the lenses with the back of his shirt. "Look", he said, squinting as he readjusted his glasses back on his face, "What's the worst thing that could happen if you told her? I mean no matter what at least you wouldn't be sitting around wondering about it anymore, right?" "But at the same time," he continued, turning in his chair to face him, "If you DON'T say anything then you'll never know what could have happened. Always that what-if. And we're too young for what-ifs, man." "I'M too young for what-ifs, Hux", Ren said, a soft smile on his face. "But you're like 12 years older than me, so it should be fine for /you/." "ONE year, you ass", says Hux, smiling and punching Ren on the arm. "But anyways," he shrugged, growing serious again, "Think about what I said, and let me know if you need some help or something. I can be a great ice-breaker." Ren rolled his eyes at that, smirking. "Yeah I'm sure you can be, Hux. Thanks for the offer but I'll handle this myself, okay?" "Ok", Hux shrugged. "But if you change your mind. You know I only say this shit because I love you, right, Ren?" "Yes I know, weirdo. Geez why don't you say that a little louder, I don't think they heard you in the back." "I FUCKING LOVE YOU REN!", Hux screamed out, drawing several amused stares from around the cafeteria. "Ass", said Ren, before both boys burst out into hysterical, raucous laughter, clapping each other on the back as the bell rang, sending the room into scattered little groups all around them. Chapter 7 iMessage Friday 7:42 PM Hux: hey Rey: hi who's this Hux: this is Hux. I'm Ren's friend, the redhead. we have adv bio 3rd period w Walters Hux: n saw u in cafe when u brought him cookies Rey: oh ok Rey: hey Rey: what's up? Hux: I'm sorry I'm not trying to bug you Hux: wanted 2 tty abut Ren Rey: :-/ Rey: ....ok? Hux: what's that fabe for? Hux: face* Rey: I dunno Rey: didn't expect you to say that Rey: what about him? Hux: he's gonna kill me for saying this but seriously I'm tired of eatching him go on like this Hux: watching* Hux: he like, really likes you Hux: like, really Rey: ...... Rey: are you being serious! Rey: ?* Hux: yeah Hux: like I feel shitty for him Hux: tryin to get the ball rolling here lol Rey: this is kinda weird Hux: y? Rey: ok like Rey: we've been friends for a while Rey: never would have even THOUGHT this. Rey: y doesn't he say this himself? Hux: he's shy Hux: like REALY shy Hux: really* Rey: doubt that Rey: known him for a while Rey: ANYTHING but "shu" Rey: shy* Hux: maybe u don't know him lik u think then Hux: very shy w girls Rey: wel maybe he's gay, then. Rey: doesn't mean he likes me. Hux: would u think it bad if he was gay? Rey: no I wouldn't care dude my best friend is gay Rey: not saying that like id have a prob w it Rey: just saying Rey: really don't see him liking ME Hux: y not? Hux: not trying to be a dick just honestly curious why you feel like that Rey: feel lik ejat? Rey: what* Rey: like** Hux: I seem kinda angry about the idea if him liking you Hux: u* Rey: does he know you're texting me this stuff rugby now? Rey: right* Rey: fuck I can't spell tonite Hux: lol Hux: no worries, me either Hux: no he don't know Hux: he my best friend tho Hux: tryin to help him Rey: I appreciate you letting me know this Hux. I do. But please do me a favor n don't let HIm know that you telling me this. Rey: not ready to deal w it yet Rey: want to think about it b4 I do anything Rey: please? Hux: that's cool I get it Hux: as long as u don't tell HIM I told YOU lmao Rey: deal Rey: hey off subject here but do u know what pages we supposed to read for class 4 Monday? Rey: I wrote it down like 128-146 but I don't think it's rite bc didn't we just read up to 135 last week? Hux: 138-152, n were supposed to do the study guide questions on 156 Rey: shit glad u told me that Rey: thanks Hux: no prob Rey: I love you. Hux: ...wtf? Rey: lmfao sorry couldn't resist Rey: wanted to make it awkward for you Rey: :-D Hux: lol Hux: you're funny Hux: I can see why Ren likes you so much Rey: oh god Rey: lol Rey: thanks? I think? Hux: welcome. Chapter 8 iMessage Friday 10:16 PM Poe: hey my loves Poe: what's going on? Finn: hello bae <3 Rey: hey Poe: so.... Poe: I'm gonna make this short and sweet. Poe: REY. Finn: uh Finn: what's going on? Poe: so u know how me Britney n Mark n them were at Coldstone after rehearsal? Finn: yeah? Poe: guess who was there? Finn: I'm gonna guess Rey Finn: since she's in this convo Finn: Rey u went to Coldstone w/o me? Finn: or are u secretly dating Poe behind my back? Finn: :-/ Poe: mamacita wasn't there with ME Poe: wink wink Rey: ...shit Finn: wait, whaaaaaat?! Finn: ?!?!?!!!! Rey: dammit Poe Rey: I knew u were gonna bust my balls over this Finn: wait a fuckin minute here Finn: don't tell me... Poe: you were right Finn, he IS really cute Finn: aaaahh Rey! Finn: u weren't gonna say shit about this?! Finn: seriously? Rey: I mean Rey: not that big a deal? Rey: he invited me to get ice cream Rey: not like, get married Poe: not yet. Finn: so Finn: stil in shock here Finn: so r u like dating, or? Rey: NO Rey: we're friends! Rey: JUSY friends Rey: just* Poe: boys got really dreamy eyes Poe: and fabu hair Poe: and so tall! Poe: shit Rey if u don't want him... Finn: not funny. Poe: cmon u know I'm kidding Poe: you're my stardust Poe: my moon Poe: my heart Poe: <3 Finn: I better be. Finn: but ok Rey Finn: like Finn: I don't get why you're not pulling the trigger here Rey: there's no trigger to pull Rey: why can't ppl just be friends? Rey: like u realize b4 u started dating each other, Finn, ppl said me and you should have hooked up? Rey: "all the signs are there" Rey: "ya'll been friends so long" Rey: "PULL THE TRIGGER" Finn: really? Finn: that's actually really flattering Poe: I know right? Poe: mamacita is fiiiiine af Rey: shut up Finn: not what I meant Poe Finn: yeah she "fine af" Finn: but like Finn: she's really cool too Poe: yeah u right Poe: but still Poe: like if I was to ever sleep w a chick it'd be Mamacita Rey: ...wtffffff? Finn: wtf? Finn: no way man, dibs Finn: total dibs. Poe: not fair Finn: I've known her longer! Poe: but I called it first! Rey: um... Poe: stay outta this mamacita Poe: doesn't concern you Rey: lmfao Rey: not sure how to feel about this conversation Rey: ... but thanks? for the compliment? Finn: no point talking about this anyway Finn: Kylo looks like he'd kill a bitch for even looking sideways at her Poe: truth. Poe: u should have seen the way he looked at me when I came over to hug Rey Poe: thought he was gonna stab me or something lol Poe: really wanted to like, kiss her cheek, see his reaction Poe: prob would have been in ER lmao Finn: God I'm glad that didn't happen Finn: cuz then I'd have to fight him Finn: dudes kinda big Poe: that's weird tho rite? Poe: like normally goth kids all y'all n skinny Poe: tall* Poe: boy is tall but like has muscles Poe: weird Rey: seriously Rey: are u two ever gonna get off my nuts about him! Poe: I dunno I rather like being on nuts Rey: ....really? Rey: TMI weirdo Rey: lol Finn: definitely TMI bae Finn: and to answer your question, No, Rey. Finn: not until u do something about it Poe: exactly Rey: like what? Rey: like Rey: show up naked at his door Rey: hey Kylo i know u kinda like me n I kinda like u so let's fuck? Poe: lmao Poe: giiiiirl Finn: uh no ma'am there would be NO sex until Poe and I have a formal sit-down with him to ask about his intentions with you Poe: agreed Poe: waaaaait a sec Poe: "I kinda like you"? Finn: wait Finn: reads back over last part Finn: side eye Rey: that was just a hypothetical Rey: really. Finn: sure it was Finn: I'm screenshotting that btw Finn: future reference Poe: well when u do sleep him make sure ur on top Poe: you're so tiny Poe: he'd crush you Poe: just sayin' Finn: omg Finn: I like how u said "when", there, chief Finn: and not "if" Rey: jessssuuuuus christ Rey: first off, ugh Rey: second, there is no "if", there is no "when" Rey: third, the both of you are 3 seconds away from a nut-punch the next time I see you. Finn: I'm sorry Rey. really, I am. Don't hate me I love you so much babe Poe: I love you too Mami don't break up with us please Rey: sigh Rey: it's ok j Rey: you guys r killing me tonight Rey: u really are Rey: so which one of u loves me enough to bring me some chicken nuggets? Poe: I do! but alas, no car. Poe: *looks at Finn* Rey: *looks at Finn* Finn: *looks at Finn* Finn: .....oh wait Finn: Rey if u want I can call Kylo for you Finn: bet if u told him u want nuggets he'd come over w the whole damn menu Poe: lol Rey: :-( Finn: I'm kidding Finn: yeah I will Finn: from McDonald's? Rey: yes pleeeease Rey: u can both come over, we can have a chicken nugget and Family Guy party Poe: shit sounds good to me Poe: Finn come get me? Finn: yes dear Finn: I guess we be there in like 20 min-ish Finn: s+s or bbq sauce? Rey: s+s please Rey: sweet I'll see u both then! Poe: woot woot Rey: lol Chapter 9 "Hey. What are you doing here still?" Rey turned around, surprised to see Kylo standing behind her. It was about 2 weeks after their venture to Coldstone, and she hadn't seen much of him since then. It was growing late, getting on 5pm, and most of the students had gone home already. Finn was supposed to give her a ride home, but the coach had called an impromptu basketball practice and now he wouldn't be free for at least another hour. Rather than wait around, she had told him that she was just going to catch the city bus home. She gave him a hug and watched as he loped off towards the gym, duffle bag slung over one shoulder. Now she was standing between the two sets of glass doors to the school entrance, keeping watch on the bus stop across the street. It was too cold to stand outside so she picked this semi-heated vantage point instead, standing and idly watching the flow of traffic and random pedestrians hurrying by. She explained all this to Kylo now, who was listening to her with a concerned look on his face. "Is that really all you're wearing?", he asked, eyeing her. Rather than her normal heavy pea coat she was wearing leggings and a light-weight hooded sweatshirt that barely went past her waist. She shrugged and said, "Well like I said Finn was going to be my ride so I didn't think I needed anything heavy." Shaking his head, Kylo pulled his own leather trench coat off and held it out to her, ignoring her protests until she finally took it. It was, of course, HUGE on her, hanging all the way to her ankles and burying her tiny arms in its massive sleeves. But it was warm and comfortable and smelled good, /really/ good, so she was glad to have it. "Come on," he said, pushing open the heavy doors and gesturing for her to follow. "I'll give you a ride home; but on one condition." "Which is?" "Come hang out with me somewhere first." "Like--where?" "I don't know", he said, unlocking his car doors and climbing in, turning the key in the ignition and immediately cranking up the heat. "Somewhere. Anywhere." "Well---I was going to ask Finn to take me to that new record place on Terrance Street. Do you want to do that?" "You mean CD store?", he asked, confused. "No I mean /record/ store. It just opened like a month ago. Supposedly they sell actual /real/ records, like the old Vinyl ones. Supposed to be fairly cheap, too. Also I think stuff like VHS's, cassette tapes, old posters--things like that." "How have I not heard about this?! Okay let's go!", he said excitedly, pulling out of the parking lot and into the flow of late-afternoon traffic. When they pulled up to their destination, Rey was struck by how charming the place looked. It was a small dusty-brick building with a large front window and an overhanging sign with the words Sam's Records & Retro spelled out in neon bubble letters. The door was a blue velvet and glass revolving door, like in a hotel. Walking in was like stepping into a time machine. Rows and rows of different music genres and assorted movie bins lined the bright green floors, and the walls were decorated with a variety of framed posters depicting pin-up girls, muscle cars and a plethora of old movies and tv shows. A number of candles and incense sticks were placed along various small end-tables scattered throughout the store, smells of vanilla, jasmine and sandalwood blending into a seamless bouquet of fragrance. On a shelf behind the checkout counter sat an old record player slowly spinning out what sounded like "Me and Bobby McGhee". Rey wasn't really a Janis Joplin fan but the song did lend a pleasant atmosphere to the store. "Jeez, I feel like it's Christmas or something", Kylo said beside her, grinning excitedly as he headed off in the direction of the wall labeled 1980's Rock. Smiling, Rey walked around a bit, exploring different walls and containers until she came to a stack of old posters, labeled "2/$10; Buy 4 Get Fifth One FREE!" She sifted through the display, carefully turning each page and inspecting the artwork on each one. Kylo came up to her, his arms loaded down with a eclectic mix of records and VHS tapes, looking pleased with himself. "Wow, are you planning on buying out the store?", she asked, smiling at how happy he looked. "Rey there's no way I could pass up on this. Look!", he said, gesturing with his head towards an album wedged underneath his left arm. "It's Appetite for Destruction! I've always wanted one of the old vinyl records of this!" "You like Guns n Roses?", she asked, surprised. "That's interesting; I wouldn't think that 80's hair bands would be your thing." "Are you kidding? Those are like the best kinds of bands; back when rock was dangerous and exciting." "I'll take your word for it. I like Guns n Roses but if I had to pick any 80's Rock band it'd probably be Metallica. Old Metallica. You ever listen to songs from Ride The Lightning? Like, Fade to Black? Change your life." Kylo grinned, gesturing to the album wedged underneath his other arm. "Got it right here, actually." "Wow", she said, laughing a little. So it looks like we share some taste in really old music, but not current stuff? "Looks like it", he said, laughing as well. "What'd you find?" "Oh", she said, grinning. "I found 3 Bettie Page pinup posters I didn't have yet. She unrolled each one to show him, being careful not to rip the delicate aged material. "Huh. Those are really pretty", he said, as they headed towards the check out. "When would that be from? The 60's?" "50's, I think," she said as she pulled out her wallet to pay the girl behind the counter. "Bettie Page is like, my queen of the pin-up girls. She was so gorgeous." "I think it was the contrast", she went on, as Ren paid for his items, "Between the hair and the eyes. Like the bright blue highlighted by the dark hair. Different considering most pinups of her time were blondes." "Yeah, sometimes it's the different stuff that shines the brightest", said Kylo, as they thanked the cashier and headed back out into the darkening twilight of a late-fall afternoon. Back in the car, Kylo said, turning to her, "So is there anywhere else you want to go? Get something to eat, maybe?" "That's okay", she said as she buckled her seatbelt. "Unless--do you want to come over to my house, when we get back? Come keep me company? My dads gonna be working til like 10 tonight. We can--order Chinese? Or something?" "Yeah I'd like that!", he said quickly, eagerly. Then be blushed a bit as he mumbled "I mean, yeah, Chinese sounds awesome." Rey smiled down at her hands as they pulled out of the parking lot and back into the street. ~*~*~*~*~*~ The ride back to Rey's house was mostly silent. Kylo seemed to be lost in his own thoughts as he stared out at the road, answering her comments and questions with monosyllabic responses. When they got to their street, he pulled into his own driveway, saying it would make more sense to just park at home and walk across to her house. As Rey grabbed her bag, preparing to get out of the car, Kylo suddenly reached out and caught her arm, stopping her. "Wait." She turned back to look at him, slightly startled. "What's wrong?" He pulled back his hand and put both hands on his steering wheel, fidgeting a little. "Can I . . . talk to you?" It seemed as though all the color had drained from his face and he was fidgeting around harder than before, not looking at her as he spoke. Rey's heartbeat picked up a bit; he looked sick, what was wrong? "Of course", she said out-loud, hoping her steady tone of voice would help calm her own nerves. "You promise you won't like, laugh, or something?" "You know me better than that, Kylo," she said, frowning slightly. At first it didn't seem like he'd say anything else, as he continued to stare at the floor and restlessly pull at the strings of his hoodie. When he did start speaking, his voice was so low that she had to lean towards him, straining to hear. "Okay. Here's the thing: Rey, I um, I like you. Not just as a friend. I mean yes I like you as a friend; but I mean. More. A lot more. And I've been a chicken shit about telling you this for a long time but. Seriously. I've felt this way for what seems like forever. I don't think I can take not knowing anymore. Not knowing if . . . maybe? Maybe you might . . . like me, too?" Now he did look up at her, timidly, his eyes filled with a mix of hope and fear. Now it was Rey's turn to be silent, thinking of what he had just said. She couldn't sit there and say that this necessarily came as a surprise to her; not after that text from Hux and all the other subtle and not-so-subtle signs that had been there. Still, it was a shock to hear the words finally coming from his own mouth. There were a million things she was thinking, feeling, and she wasn't quite sure which one to address first. She snapped out of her reverie as she noticed Kylo was still staring at her with his big dark eyes, his anxiety practically bleeding out into the air as he waited for her response. So she slowly leaned over, carefully took his face between her hands, and gently pressed a kiss into his lips. And then a second one. And then his initial shock wore off and he was kissing her back, wrapping his long arms around her soft waist and pulling her in close. Finally they let go of each other and pulled back a bit, smiling at each other. Rey was about to say something when a splash of light from behind startled her. Twisting around, she saw her father's car pull into her driveway across the street, and she watched as he got out and trotted up the walk and into the still-dark house. "Shit! He's home early!", she said, pulling her stuff together. "I've got to go; he's going to wonder why I'm not home yet." "Wait", said Kylo, grabbing her arm again. "Do you . . . are we . . ." "Text me in like 15 min", she interrupted him, leaning over and giving his lips one last quick kiss before hopping out of the car, slamming the door behind her. Kylo continued to sit in his car for a few more minutes, in the dark, noticing how cold it was getting with the heater off . . . . . . but unable to stop smiling. Chapter 10 iMessage Thursday 7:58 PM Ren: 15 minutes. Rey: you're very punctual. I like that in a man. Ren: I'm glad. Ren: sooooooooo . . . Ren: anything new? Rey: something VERY new, actually Ren: is it a good kind of new Rey: very good. Rey: yes, btw Rey: if you were waiting for an answer to your question earlier Rey: .... I like you, too. Ren: holy shit really? Rey: yes, really. Ren: ...... Ren: ....marry me? Ren: wait I meant Ren: be my girlfriend? Rey: .... Rey: ....be my boyfriend? Ren: is 18 too old to burst into tears if you're a guy? Ren: bc if it is too bad YES! Rey: is 16 3/4 too old for a girl? Rey: also YES Ren: I've actually liked u for some time btw Ren: can't remember if I said that already Ren: but like I think u knew that anyway Rey: really? Rey: ehhhh kind of Rey: but like Rey: I liked you too Ren: really? since when? Rey: prob since forever Rey: big difference between knowing something n acknowledging it tho Ren: very true Ren: glad u "acknowledged" it Rey: so am i Rey: oh, btw.... Rey: ....if I'd known how soft your lips were beforehand--mighta sped things up a little Ren: aww really? Ren: thank you Ren: same goes to you Ren: in all honestly tho Ren: if I didn't tell u all of this soon Ren: Hux would have Ren: or Phasma Ren: maybe not Mitaka cuz he's kinda a dick, but def one of the other two Ren: they've been on my case forEVER about you. Rey: geez, mine too Rey: don't get mad at him but... youre 100% right about Hux. Rey: he... texted me some stuff about you, like, a while ago Ren: .... Ren: wow. really? Ren: should kill that ginger snitch Rey: I thought it was sweet, actually. like, ridiculously sweet. Rey: it's amazing, like, how much our friends actually /care/ about us Ren: *nods* I know, you're right. I GUESS I can spare his life, then Rey: lol Rey: good. I'm glad. Rey: looks like everybody been trying to shove us together Ren: we should just not tell anyone Ren: see if ppl figure out on own Ren: lol Rey: lmao sounds good to me Rey: no wait! Rey: invite everyone to group chat! Rey: act super sexy w each other Rey: see what reactions r Ren: omg that funny Ren: yeah let's do it Rey: ok I'm gonna add my friends and u add yours n start talkin to me right after Ren: ok Ren: *pulls u up on my lap* Rey: *straddles your legs, kisses down your neck* Rey: *reaches up to tangle fingers in your hair* Ren: *runs hand slowly down your thigh, tenderly bites your lower lip* Rey: *shivers, softly moans into your mouth* Rey: "can we take this somewhere more...comfortable?" *winks* Phasma: um wtf is this Phasma: did u mean to add me Ren, or-- Hux: *rubs eyes, blonking* Hux: blinking * Hux: am I awake right now? Rey: hi! Hux: um hi, who r u? Hux: wait a sec ur # looks familiar Hux: ...Rey? Phasma: wait...Rey? Finn: Rey uh Finn: .... why'd u add me to this? Finn: *side eye* Rey: I believe we've already met Phasma: wait I'm confused lol Phasma: Ren? wtf is going on? Poe: mamacita what the fuuuuuck? is going on? Poe: *looks around room* Poe: who the fuck ar all these people? Mitaka: wth did I walk into? Phasma: I feel like we all somehow accidentally walked into a room n caught two ppl fucking lmao Mitaka: ok I recognize u and Ren n Hux, but Mitaka: who tf is Ren in middle of cyber-humping? Mitaka: n who these other ppl?! Hux: ok I'm officially lost Finn: me 2 Phasma: ditto Ren: omg honey ((looks at Rey)) ALL our friends r really really slow Ren: *grabs Rey's hand* Rey: I know, darling ((looks at Ren)) Rey: *holds Ren's hand* Phasma: wait Phasma: whaaaaaaat?! Hux: seriously! Poe: omg Poe: Finn r u seeing this?! Mitaka: u mean u finally manned up? Finn: I'm seeing it! holy shit I'm seeing it! Mitaka: about damn time Ren Hux: seriously Poe: wait wait wait Phasma: holy shit is this real Poe: *looks at Ren* Poe: what r your intentions w my daughter? Rey: omg Poe Rey: really! Finn: OUR daughter *grabs Poe's hand, also looking at Ren* Hux: answer the question, son *claps hand on Ren's back* Hux: apparently we're in-laws now? *looks at Poe and Finn* Poe: not yet. let's hear what he has to say first. Hux: agreed. Phasma: what are YOUR intentions with our son, Rey? *looks st her* Ren: ok fair question Ren: I love her Ren: yes, barely into this and already at I Love You Ren: her beauty is only outshined by her heart Ren: she's funny and smart and gorgeous and I have nothing but love and respect for her. Ren: all I want is to make her happy Phasma: awww damn boy Hux: ....wow Mitaka: that might be the nicest thing I ever heard him say Rey: oh my godddddd Rey: *melts* Phasma: ok now really waiting on your andwer! Phasma: answer * Poe: *wipes tear from eye* Poe: well damn Poe: there goes my scary dad approach Finn: shit mine too Rey: ok Rey: 5 /seconds/ into this and already at I Love You Rey: he's weird and aggravating as fuck Rey: but also sweetest guy ever Rey: and ridiculously handsome Rey: n he looks at me like I'm the only girl in the world Rey: and he's mine <3 Rey: and all I wanna do is sit w his head in my lap and play w his hair until the zombie apocalypse Ren: *melts* Ren: *melts harder* Ren: *holy shit not even joking rite now that made my knees go weak as fuck* Ren: *Hux quick help me to a chair b4 I pass out* Phasma: *dies* Phasma: *comes back 2 life, re-reads, dies again* Hux: *has already hit floor* Hux: I'm sorry Ren did u want something? Mitaka: Jesus Christ I feel like I just caught diabetes or something Mitaka: sorry gonna have to go ahead n give a big NO to all this Mitaka: girl is clearly in need of STRONG glasses if she thinks this loser is handsome Ren: fuck u Mitty Hux: shh don't say that Mitty Hux: u want him to move out of our house eventually don't you?! Mitaka: ok good point Finn: I feel like this is like that Taylor Swift video Finn: where girl watching dude out her bdrm window n they hook up at end Hux: I can see Ren being the girl in that actually Phasma: me too Mitaka: so why can't you seeeeeee Mitaka: you belong with meeeeeeee Phasma: *repeats* you belong w me Ren: lame. Poe: Finn I'm gonna need u to come over Poe: like now Poe: I'm so wrecked right now Poe: our little mamacita just grew up Finn: crying too hard to drive, sorry Hux: *passes out tissues, tries to subtly wipe his eyes to hide fact he's crying too, everyone notices anyway, fails* Ren: fucking allergies amirite? Ren: *takes tissue blows nose loudly* Rey: *grabs Rens arm and wipes eyes with hoodie sleeve* Finn: *takes tissue, wipes Poe's eyes, then his own* Finn: *loudly* SO HOW ABOUT THAT FOOTBALL GAME LAST NIGHT HUH?! Mitaka: lmao Mitaka: how about those Bears huh? Phasma: "no no I'm fine don't need a tissue" Phasma: *uses sleeve to wipe tears and snot, horribly streaks mascara* Rey: so it sounds like we need to get our two families together soon, Kylo. Ren: sounds like a plan to me. this weekend? Hux: fuck yeah I'm in! Hux: what'r we doing? Ren: have u guys ever been to Mickey's? Mitaka: I have Finn: what's that? Poe: No don't think so Phasma: is it that place like off the highway? By that one drivers school? Ren: yeah Ren: it's got like food and an arcade, and bowling Finn: that sounds fun Finn: this weekend? Like Saturday? Finn: if so I'm in Poe: me too Phasma: you had me at "food" lol Mitaka: I'm in if one of you losers gives me a ride Hux: yeah yeah dickless, I will Hux: does anyone else want a ride? Ren: I call giving Rey a "ride". Solo. Rey: lol Rey: buy me dinner first, then we'll talk Rey: oh wait u meant in a car? Ren: I mean a car doesn't sound that romantic for our first time, but if that's-- Ren: oh wait Ren: u meant like an actual ride TO a place? Ren: awkward. Rey: *blushes* Poe: hey hey tone it down Poe: *desperately tries to recapture stern dad look despite tears* Rey: sorry dad Ren: sorry dad in law Phasma: yeah Hux save me some gas come get me too lol Hux: deal Hux: Finn? Poe? you guys need a ride? Finn: that's cool but no thanks I got a car Finn: assuming I'm picking you up Poe? Poe: you assume correctly Mitaka: ok ppl I gotta split out I'm tired Hux: for fucks sake you're always tired! Hux: u need some vitamins or something, lame-ass Phasma: I need some too then cuz I'm tired as all fuck Finn: it's emotional tiredness Finn: Rey n Ren have killed us all Rey: lol Rey: sorry bestie Mitaka: thank you! see someone understands! *nods at Finn, flips off Hux* Mitaka: I'm out Mitaka: *deuces* Poe: me too Poe: buenos noches Bae Poe: goodnight mamacita and new son Poe: hugs to the rest of you Finn: night Bae Finn: *kisses* Finn: Ren u go easy on my best friend. Finn: cuz on my LIFE boy u hurt her in any way .... Finn: *makes shooting motion w finger* Hux: I'm w Finn on this one Hux: so behave yourself Ren: understood. completely understood. Rey: awww thank you guys Phasma: me too, Ren. Phasma: but also to you Rey. Phasma: I love that boy like family so... Rey: understood. *hugs Phasma* Phasma: * hugs Rey* Phasma: g'nite all! Ren: g'nite Phas Finn: night Finn: n g'nite rest of you Finn: peace Rey: nite bestie Hux: I'm out too. see ya'll at school Ren: see ya dickface Rey: ..... are we alone again? Ren: so it would seem. Ren: hey I know it's kinda late but Ren: u wanna come over? Ren: or go for a ride? Ren: feel restless lol Rey: a ride sound good Rey: ready when you are Ren: be there in like 5 Rey: u know I could STILL just walk across the street. Ren: nope. raccoons. Rey: *smh* fine I'll wait Ren: good. Rey: Kylo? Ren: Yes? Rey: I can't wait to see you. Ren: me too Ren: on my way