O n e Kylo opened his wardrobe and peered in at the clothes hanging on the right side. His work clothes. Phasma had been emphatic that he had to go shopping for new clothes this term that held at least some form of colour. His all-black ensemble was a bit much apparently. ( “Take that giant trust fund you loathe so much and go and buy something that isn’t black. I’m not having you stalking about the corridors like bloody Severus Snape.”) Taking fashion advice from Phasma, a woman who seemed to live in silver tops and dresses and was referred to as The Captain by the students, was not lost on him but she had the potential to make his life very difficult if he didn’t. He’d been clever though. Phasma hadn’t specified what colour to buy. So he was now looking at a range of clothes in shades of black (he wasn’t giving it up altogether), grey, navy blue and swamp green. If she thought he was going to teaching English Literature to disinterested youths wearing canary yellow, she could go spin. Taking out a navy blue shirt, black slacks and a grey cable jumper, he hung them on the wardrobe door ready for the morning. He was glad to be going back to work. Unlike most of the staff, he hated the summer holidays. The concept of having nothing to pass the time with and no marking wasn’t a pleasant one. He had quickly learnt that routine gave him purpose. When he was alone with his own thoughts, things generally fell apart. Kylo knew that technically being a college professor trying to get kids to University was a bit of a waste of his skills. He was good at what he did. Brilliant even. A fanatical reader, he’d earned a Doctorate in English Literature two years back. The works of Dickens, the Bronte sisters, Austen and other British classics had gotten him to the other side of a dark and terrifying corridor of despair. He’d written his thesis and submitted papers to academic journals in his spare time to make sure idleness didn’t claim him. Phasma didn’t nag him about over working anymore. Because he didn’t listen and he was the best teacher she had on her staff. She couldn’t afford to piss him off too much. There would be a new addition to his outfit this term: a pair of spectacles. He’d worn contacts for about eight years but a recent eye test came with the advice to maybe lay off wearing them everyday to let his eyes breathe. He didn’t mind; they looked pretty decent on his face and Ren had lived with his angular features long enough to know very little could make them worse. Who cares? The last thing he gave a shit about was looking desirable while working with teenagers. Okay, some were nearly eighteen but they was still fucking kids in his eyes. Clothes ready. Alarm set. Briefcase packed. Lunch in a Tupperware in the fridge. All ready. Now the hard part: with nothing to do, he had to make his own entertainment. And Kylo wasn’t good at that. Time alone means time to think and Kylo was definitely not good at that. Couldn’t watch the TV. He didn’t have a Netflix account and he didn’t own a TV to flip through channels. Besides TV was evil. Browsing the internet was boring and he avoided social media like the Ebola virus. He could read. But he didn’t have the head for a brand new book tonight. Besides, which one? People with a to-read pile were adorable – there was an entire bookcase in the corner of his bedroom with books he needed to read. Picking a book would be a task in itself. He’d showered so no point doing that again. Pills for the day… all taken. Sighing, he went to his other bookcase of his read books (the one that took up a wall that eight foot high and ten foot across) and browsed some classics. He’d never struggled re-reading books. Taking a weather-beaten copy of Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , he went to the sofa and got comfortable. He was about to start when his phone rang. Sighing, he picked his phone up. And seeing the caller put it back down again. Mom calling… Not tonight. He didn’t have the wherewithal for her tonight. It hadn’t been a bad day but he had to have a pretty damn decent one to manage a phone-call from America. And he didn’t ever pick up on a rare good one. Because that was the quickest possible way to bring it to an abrupt end. He couldn’t end the call as she would know he was avoiding her. As soon as the call ended, Ben breathed a sigh of relief. Only to have a voicemail message pop up. He could delete it. He wanted to. But he put it to his ear and listened anyway. “ Ben… it’s Mom. I’m just checking as its… well, it’s been a while since we talked. I just wanted to hear your voice. Are you there? No, you’re probably… well, I’ll try again tomorrow. Love you… bye.” He should have deleted it. He really should have. The words were not so bad but the tone… Why did she always sound so defeated when she called him? She was a strong speaker, her job depended on it, and it’s not like he was… well, important. He knew why. But he didn’t want to. She had her chance. You were nothing to her then. Nothing. Throwing the book at the wall with a yell, Kylo clenched his knuckles. Desperate times. His gym bag was always packed and ready at a moments notice. A lesson he’d learnt in the army was preparation which explained his ritual every night to check off everything that needed to be done. There was a 24-hour gym down the road from him. The welcome burn of muscles pushed to their limits would be a good comfort. Still, it achieved one thing Kylo mused as he grabbed his keys: I couldn’t care less about work tomorrow now. Kylo entered D’Qar College early to avoid the rush. His office was situated not far from his classroom and he had barely put the kettle on to boil when there was a knock on his door. Phasma was stood in the door, all eleven foot of her, and her eyes raised at Kylo’s attire. “You said no black. You didn’t specify no grey or navy.” Kylo pointed out. “Hmmm.” Phasma didn’t look surprised. “Well, I wasn’t expecting miracles.” “Thank God, you’ll be disappointed working here otherwise.” Phasma gestured to his glasses. “Those are new.” Kylo pushed them up his nose. “Downside of middle-age.” “Middle-age? You’re only thirty.” “And most of our students would considered that ancient indeed.” “You’ll be in the gymnasium for the opening day greeting?” “If I must.” Kylo sighed pouring himself some coffee. “Yes. You must.” As a boss, Phasma was a good one. She generally left the teaching plan and his style of which to Kylo’s discretion. He could get results out of the students which helped hit targets and got the college the funding they needed to prosper. She was however immovable in some aspects. Mainly that Kylo needed to wear more colour and be more sociable. “Have the list of pupils been sorted yet?” He asked blandly. “Being drafted today. You’ll take the lower tier that needs a bit more help.” “One of these days you’ll let me near the real contenders.” He sighed. “Your job is to turn the people who have potential but otherwise struggle a bit into real contenders. There’s a reason I put up with your anti-social demeanour and that’s because you are good at what you do.” “But Mitaka always gets the better class. And he can hardly cope with them.” “You’re right he can’t. Which is why he’s left.” Kylo looked up in surprise. “The stress was too much in the end. He’s gone to the country with his family. I don’t think London is suited for him.” Mitaka, a nervous and perpetually shaking man had been the other teacher at D’Qar College in charge of the English department. He didn’t have the strongest set of nerves and always tended to start twitching if Kylo raised his voice at him. He shouldn’t have taken it personally; Kylo raised his voice at most people. “Well who’s replacing him?” Kylo asked. “Korr Sella. She’s been looking to get out of the IT department for a while.” Phasma supplied. Kylo shrugged. He didn’t really know her past spotting her in the corridor but she seemed serious and professional. She’ll do. Kylo didn’t come to work to make friends. He just wish that to the rest of the world that wouldn’t be viewed as an almost criminal offence. Phasma left him alone in his office and he had at least an hour before the lessons started when there was a knock. He looked up. A girl was stood in the doorway and not one he had seen before. She looked very young with brown hair pulled back in the most bizarre three bun up-do he’d ever seen. She wore an old battered brown jacket, a jumper and holey jeans with scuffed converse. There was nothing artificial or practised about the haphazard and thrown together look she wore, Kylo knew instantly: this was just who she was. “Excuse me, are you the Head of the English department?” She asked. Her accent sounded local. Local to London anyway. It was quite a nice accent. “I am. I’m Doctor Ren.” He replied. “Oh, good. I’m a bit new here and I just want to know where my classes are.” She stuck out a hand so quickly, Kylo couldn’t help but lean back a little. “I’m Rey Kanata.” Kylo looked at the little hand on offer. He didn’t like personal contact and avoided it when he could. Yet he numbly took hers, albeit gingerly, and gave it a quick shake. She didn’t seem perturbed by his odd response. “Right, well, do you have the sheet they give out at reception?” Kylo asked. She presented it proudly. He took it and glanced down. Then back up and back down again. It was an odd list of classes to take for A-Levels. English Literature was one of them but they were alongside Mechanics and Aerospace Engineering. Not your standard list of subjects for a young woman. “Ah right, well, you’ll need to be in the welcoming day meeting in the gymnasium at nine o’clock just to hear all that the college provides and then your new timetables will be assigned. It will either be me or Korr Sella teaching you English Lit.” He handed back the sheet. “So you’re a Doctor. You have a doctorate in English Literature?” She sounded impressed. “I do.” He said tonelessly. It wasn’t something he used for bragging rights. “That’s impressive.” She commented. Her eyes scanned the bookcase that ran the length of the room on one side of his office. It was stacked almost to bursting with books. There was a look of awe and envy in her eyes. Hazel eyes, Kylo noted. “It’s a feather in my bow of sorts.” Kylo shrugged. It sounded more confident that Ren intended. Almost bordering on arrogant. Rey raised her eyebrows but didn’t comment. “Well, I guess I will see you around then.” She shrugged and turned before he had a chance to reply. He watched her walk down the corridor from his position. Kylo rarely made a good impression on people. It rarely bothered him. But there were times, like this one, when he wished it wasn’t always so hard. Kylo entered the gymnasium with all the enthusiasm of a man mounting a scaffold. The hall was filled with noise and hundreds of youths. Some he recognised, some he didn’t. He spotted the other teaching bodies of the college. Korr Sella was standing near Phasma, looking smart and serious like she was preparing for an army mission. She was a pretty woman but didn’t appear aware of it. Her dark skin was smooth and her black hair tied back out of the way. She seemed like a woman who could handle herself. He’d never seen her running out of a classroom in pieces. Which is more than could be said for Mitaka. He also saw Poe Dameron, the aerospace engineer, and promptly rolled his eyes. He had never liked Dameron. Mainly because Dameron was everything he wasn’t: easy with people, charming, wanted to be liked. They had butted heads enough times for them to avoid one another when possible. That didn’t stop Dameron scoffing at Ren’s work ethic and hard to please persona. And that didn’t stop Kylo wincing whenever Dameron tried to get on a one-to-one level with the students and insisted they called him Poe. They weren’t here to make friends; they were here to teach. Phasma called the group to attention and started her talk. Kylo had heard this welcoming speech at least twenty times in his life and tuned out for the unimportant bits. His eyes browsed the stands of students instead. He caught sight of the Kanata girl standing with a boy about her age, exactly her height with dark skin and a soft face. Maybe her boyfriend, he mused. The boy was paying general attention to Phasma’s talk as were most of the students but the girl with the three buns was clearly listening intently. Like she wanted to suck as much information as was possible. Kylo felt oddly impressed. Most teenagers these days had the attention span of gnat. The girl, who was clearly bright, also had drive. For the first time, Kylo was eager to get his hands on the list of students. He wanted this girl in his class. Himself and Korr Sella were introduced as the English tutors (Kylo gave a nod of acknowledgement and Sella did much the same) and Call-me-Poe was introduced while flashing his smile. For fuck sake, this isn’t Blind Date , Kylo thought bitterly. Phasma finished the talk and the crowd dispersed. Ren wandered back to his office without stopping to talk to anyone. It was around ten o’clock when an email popped through his computer with all the students in his class. He scanned it. She wasn’t there. Shit. Sighing, he shrugged to himself. Oh well, Sella needed at least one good pupil in her class. It was her first year after all. Kylo approached his classroom at two o’clock just as Sella’s class was filing out of the room. Sella gave Ren a deferential nod as she walked past which he returned. Nodding to people was his preferred method of communicating respect. Maybe Phasma had given her a heads up. The last person to leave was the three-bunned Kanata girl. She was stuffing more books into her satchel than it appeared she could fit and was too preoccupied to see him. Causing her to bump right into his broad chest. Kylo stepped back a little but didn’t really feel much impact. In contrast to the girl who stumbled back and promptly tripped over her own feet. She would have fallen onto her bum had Ren not instinctively caught hold of her wrist to steady her. “Whoa, easy!” He said. It sounded more like he was reassuring a horse than a woman. No matter. “Oh! I’m sorry- Oh! Doctor Ren.” The girl looked up at him, clearly expecting her saviour to be someone, anyone, else but him. Kylo looked at the girl. She was closer for inspection now than she had been before. Her face was quite freckled and Kylo could see no visible signs of make-up. She was literally fresh-faced. That surprised him. Normally most students plastered themselves in cosmetics causing him to find it difficult to look away from the foundation line that was always apparent around their face. Noticing he was still holding her wrist, he promptly let go. That was twice he’d made skin contact today. “I trust your class went well?” He asked, eager to bring it back to an academic level. “Really good, thanks. Miss Sella seems nice.” Rey looked down at her feet, looking a bit awkward. Probably heard that he was many things but rarely nice. “Sounds promising.” Kylo noted. “Let’s hope you meet the college’s expectations with the course.” Again it came out harsher than he’d intended. She looked up at him again promptly. “I’m here to learn. So I intend to surpass expectations.” There was a proud tilt to her head and a challenging gleam in her eye. “Then you should do swimmingly.” He quipped. Rey opened her mouth again when someone called her name. “Rey! You coming?” It was the boy from the gymnasium. He had clearly come to get her from class. “Aerospace have printed off our syllabus.” “Coming, Finn.” She called. She turned back to Kylo. “Well, bye Doctor. And sorry.” She scurried off with her friend/boyfriend before he had a chance to say anything else. Kylo watched her go. He flexed his hand that had touched hers twice in one day and went into the empty classroom to prepare his lesson. Chapter 2 : T w o Notes: Hey guys. Thank you all so much for your lovely support once again. It means the absolute world to me. I run to my phone when I get an email: it might be a comment! I've also decided to give the whole Tumblr thing a go so https://waterlilyrose.tumblr.com/ is my site. I have absolutely no idea what I'm doing so don't expect miracles. I'm gonna try it and see how it goes. And for those interested, yes I totally modelled Kylo on Paul Sevier. Because Adam Driver in glasses looking nerdy makes me weak. Potential spoilers for certain Jane Austen novels in this chapter. Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The class that Kylo taught that afternoon was uneventful and as unfulfilling as he had anticipated. His teaching style was as precise as ever and he made sure that to instil enough fear that no students dared try and sneak their phone out to check their Tumblr account during his lessons. Yet it all still felt like his words were going over their head all the same. It never hurt his feelings but it did frustrate him. English Literature could be an amazing thing if done right and studying it sometimes didn’t even feel like work. Why would they want to send tweets instead of studying the words of the Dickens? But then again, Kylo had accepted a long time ago that he wasn’t like other people. The day ended with him finishing up some paperwork in his office before locking the door and leaving at five o’clock. A feeling of dread rose up within him about having to go home and find something to do when his phone vibrated in his pocket. He took it out. It was a text message from Hux. Meet for drink at The First Order. Be there in half an hour. There was no request or discussion as to whether Kylo was free. Hux probably wasn’t interested anyway. The First Order was an exclusive bar not too far from where Kylo lived. It was filled with black and white interior and was as cold and sterile as the people they served. Mostly lawyers and business men. And Hux. The red haired man was sat at the bar, nursing a scotch and glaring down at it like it had done him an injustice, when Kylo entered. In his dark yet academic dress, he stood out starkly from the polished and suited clientele. Standing at six foot three and broadly built, however, no one was in the mood to ask in a snooty tone if they could help him. Kylo noted that he seemed to give off an air of affluence even now. He despised it but had come to tolerate it. “Bad day?” He asked, taking a seat beside Hux. His red-hair companion barely glanced away from his drink. “Terrible. We lost the case against Rebel Hope.” Kylo nodded. He wasn’t surprised. Rebel Hope was an environmental group who had a tendency to get themselves between any projects that Hux was keen to support. A group had recently been caught trespassing and Hux had voiced his hopes that he could put them behind bars at long last. Sadly, it seemed that Hux would have to continue dealing with them. Kylo gave his order to the bartender and turned his attention back to his sulking friend. “At least their cases keep you in a good lifestyle.” “That’s not the point!” Hux growled. “We have the potential to make real progress if they would just leave us try. With them still out there...” Hux closed his eyes as though it was a future not worth thinking about. “You’ll be fine.” Kylo dismissed. His sympathy for these things was always limited. Mainly because he didn’t care. “Just go over to Phasma’s afterwards and let your girlfriend soothe the worries I can’t be bothered to.” Hux looked at Kylo properly for the first time. “Phasma’s not my girlfriend.” “Did you wake up at hers this morning?” “Yes.” “Do you intend to wake up at hers tomorrow?” “...Might do.” “Then get over yourself. You have a girlfriend.” Hux snorted as though in derision or maybe disbelief. “So what about you? How are this years aspiring English teachers?” “Too busy updating Snapchat to care about prose.” Kylo said bitterly and taking a deep drink of his whiskey. He tended not to drink but when he did, he stuck to spirits. It did the job in half the time. “You expect too much. No students learn for the pleasure anymore; it’s just so they can get into uni and escape their parents for three years.” “Then they should take Media Studies or something and stop wasting my time.” Kylo growled. The two men sat in a companionable silence as they brooded over the injustices of their work. Hux was… Kylo mused that by modern standards he wasn’t a conventional best friend. There were times where he didn’t like Hux and times when Hux didn’t like Kylo. They fought about everything and the brief time they had shared a flat together after their army training had been horrific. It hadn’t helped that Hux owned Millicent, a fat ginger cat who hated people even more than her owner. He was certain to this day that the cat had pissed on his bed sheets for six months straight on purpose. And yet, Hux was the only friend, apart from Phasma, that he managed to keep. Hux knew about his… quirks and odd moods and didn’t seem to care. The most he got was an unimpressed eyebrow raise from him. Maybe it was lack of other options but Hux never avoided him and that meant a lot. Though Kylo would rather undergo torture than admit it to Hux. Kylo arrived back at his apartment at about seven o’clock. His building was in a nice quiet part of the area. A Victorian style town-house with his flat located on the top floor, he accepted that he was fortunate to live there. Not many people on the salary he brought in from the college could afford to live in the basement there. But he didn’t work for money; he did it for the passion of it. He had money. A lot of money. His grandfather had left him a trust-fund with enough money that realistically he didn’t even have to work if he was sensible or chose not to. It had been revealed to him on his eighteenth birthday so he had never grown up with the expectation of it. He had even ignored it for a while for lack of knowing what to do with it. He had also been paranoid that his parents were using it as bait for him to take. Eventually he had realised that ignoring it would make little difference to it being there and had been unable to resist buying the flat upfront when he had viewed it for the first time. It was a good home with a short distance from work and secluded enough that he didn’t have to speak to anyone if he didn’t choose to. He also felt better to continue working himself into the ground. It made him feel more comfortable with his situation. Putting some pasta on to boil, he mused about his grandfather. They had never met with Vader dying before Kylo was born but he knew all about his infamous grandfather. About his political legacy. About his personal battles. And about the other legacy he may had inadvertently left his grandson. Kylo stirred the spaghetti in the pot listlessly. He was one of the few people in the world that had a sympathy for his grandfather. He kept his mobile turned off that night. He wouldn’t turn it back on for a long time. Kylo breathed in the scent of the library like his favourite cologne. One of the disadvantages of his office was that the college library was on the other side of the campus so he rarely got the time to come in and just work. Hiding away in the stacks always helped his creativity and his productivity. Finding a table between the history section, he booted up his laptop and set his flask of coffee next to it. A flash of movement caught his eye and he looked up towards the computer section. The back of her head was all he could see but he would recognise those three buns anywhere. Kylo blinked and looked at the time on his laptop. 8:00am. What on Earth was she doing here so early? Feeling a little nosey, he tilted his head to look at the computer screen. Half expecting to see her browsing Facebook. There was an academic journal on the screen and two hardbacks sitting open next to her keyboard. She seemed engrossed in her work. Kylo forced his eyes back down. A student taking such an interest in their work was lovely but not amazing. It did happen. He stared at the screen of his blank word document and closed his eyes. Just tell me where to start. Please! He had wanted to do this for years. To sit down and let his ideas find a place on the screen. When he was doing other things, like marking papers and reading other books, it felt like his ideas were going to burst out of him. Yet when the paper was put in front of him, no words were good enough. So no words were written. It was one of the things that Kylo hated most of all in his life. If he could get just one page done, it would help him sleep. And he would love a night’s sleep that didn’t depend on a combination of Horlicks and medication. The plot and the characters had been doing battle in his head since he was twenty-three. He closed his eyes and he could see them. He closed his ears and he could hear them. They were part of him. But a part of him he wanted to get rid of. Because then he could work on himself and have a chance of success. But the idea of giving them a plot and a location that was sub-par… no, he’d rather they battle it out with laser-swords in his head for the rest of eternity. For lack of anything else to do, he began to type up more of his classroom syllabus when he was interrupted. “Dr Ren?” He looked up. The Kanata girl was standing not three feet away, clutching a notebook like a shield. “Good morning.” He replied, assuming she had greeted him to mainly be polite. “Sorry, I don’t mean to interrupt...” Maybe not then. “It’s just… are you busy?” I wish. “Not especially. What can I do for you?” “I’m doing a report for my English Lit class.” She explained. “And I’m just wondering if you could take a quick look? Just to see if I’ve got it right?” She held out some notes for him to take. He didn’t reach forward. “Wouldn’t it be more prudent to have Miss Sella take a look? She is the one who set the assignment after all?” Rey shrugged. “You are both English tutors. Surely you can tell me if it’s rubbish?” “I doubt its rubbish Miss Kanata. But I would recommend you give it to Miss Sella over me.” It was almost notorious that Kylo was a much harsher teacher than his contemporaries. The Rey girl withdrew the paper that was offered and looked down at it. As though torn between disappointment and irritation. “Fine. I’ll carry on without help.” She muttered and turned away from him, stalking back to her computer. Kylo tried to turn back to his own project but his eyes kept darting back to the girl who was now furiously scribbling. She seemed pissed. He had a natural talent for it evidently. Sighing, he closed his laptop and packed it away. He wasn’t going to get any work done; he’d been kidding himself. He went to walk away but something prompted him to move towards the computer area. “What is the book you are working on?” He asked, sounding put-upon even to his own ears. Rey whipped around and stared at him wide-eyed for a moment before jumping on his help. “Miss Sella has asked us to analyse a Jane Austen classic and write an essay on a recurring theme.” Kylo nodded. Sounded promising. “It take it you chose Pride And Prejudice then?” He liked the book and had read it a few times but it was a bit predictable to base an essay on. “No! That’s what half the class are doing.” She dismissed. “I’m doing it on Sense and Sensibility. Much better and funnier.” Kylo blinked. That was unusual. Not only for a student to go against the grain, but also speak a differing opinion to the norm. The norm being that Pride And Prejudice was the best Austen book hands down. “Right. Well, what do you like about it?” Test the waters a bit. “Well, there’s romance obviously. Hardships when they have to leave their family home. Horrible snooty relatives. A strong and sensible lead in Eleanor and a hopeless almost ridiculous romantic in Marianne. And the girls get happy endings even if one of them doesn’t end up with who they imagined.” Rey listed these qualities off with an easy flair and passion of someone who knew what they were talking about. She hadn’t just read the book; she’d devoured it. Kylo took a step back. “Well, you seem to have a good grasp on the material. My help is clearly not needed. Continue what you were doing, Miss Kanata.” Kylo was eager to beat a swift retreat when she called out. “What about you? What’s your favourite Austen book?” Her hazel eyes were alive. Like she had a genuine hunger to know. He couldn’t help but feed that hunger. “ Persuasion. ” Rey blinked. “Really? I thought most academics liked Emma?” “Maybe most do but I don’t.” “Why do you like it?” Rey pressed. He clearly wasn’t going to be able to leave before he’d stated his argument. “It’s a story about people rectifying mistakes. Anne knows she made a mistake rejecting Captain Wentworth but throughout the book she maintains a calm composure and proves her worth to him all over again. I think we can all relate to that: wanting a chance to right a great wrong.” Kylo shut his mouth abruptly and glanced down at the girl. She was looking up at him. Her eyes were smiling. “Exactly.” She said quite softly. Kylo pulled away abruptly. “Write the essay and inquire to Miss Sella for help if needed. You are not in my class. Therefore I am not suitable to give an opinion.” He was striding out of the library before the last sentence was even finished. Yet he knew she had heard. And he knew that she watched him leaving with wide eyes and a perplexed look. Kylo buried himself in paperwork for the majority of the day and thankfully didn’t have a class to teach that day. He did all he could to put his discomfort and feeling of uneasiness aside. He was being stupid. The girl was bright and clearly eager to learn. It wasn’t directed at him in any way. She wanted his opinion as a teacher. She probably thought he was mad to be acting calm one minute and then terse and argumentative the next. Still, he may have to ask Phasma where she had come from… just so he had some idea of her background. Korr was in the office next to his, having moved into Mitaka’s old office yesterday. Her door was partially open and he could hear a quiet soft jazz playing. He found it oddly soothing despite not listening to music much. So he also heard the phone in her office ring next door. A moment later, Korr knocked his door. “Dr Ren? You have a call on my line.” Kylo, who didn’t have a phone in his office and relied on emails, barely looked up. “Who is it?” “It’s your mother.” His entire body went rigid and his fingers stopped typing. “Tell her I’m not here.” Korr blinked at him. “I… I’ve already said you were next door and available.” Kylo clenched his fists so tight that his knuckles cracked. Mitaka had sometimes had calls but he had never attempted to pass them on. Phasma had clearly not given Sella a head’s up about that. Unfolding himself slowly from his chair, he walked into Korr’s office and picked up the receiver. “Hello?” “Ben?” His mother’s voice was raspy yet clearly shocked that she had succeeded in contacting him. “Ben, it’s Mom.” “I know who it is.” His tone was harsher than it needed to be. He was always like that when his mother rang. “Oh, yes, of course. I just… wanted to see if you were okay?” Her tone was so cautious like he might spook. He was torn between screaming bloody murder for her to just leave him alone already and wanting to hushing her and speak softly. Anything to make her sound like the Leia Organa-Solo he had seen on CNN. He did neither. “Is everything alright?” He asked. “Oh yes, all fine. I just haven’t heard from you for….well, a while. I just like to check in. Your phone was off. I was worried.” “I’m fine Mom.” And he was. He was dammit. So couldn’t she just leave him to be fine? “Good. That’s good.” A silence hung between them and neither had a clue how to fill it. “Listen, I’m a bit busy at the moment...” Kylo volunteered. “Oh! Yes, yes, of course. Sorry to disturb you, just… keep in touch, okay Ben?” “Yes Mom.” “I love you.” “You too.” He choked. Returning the sentiment was the best he could do. Saying the words… hurt too much. He bid her goodbye and put the receiver down. He was aware of a sheen of sweat trickling down his neck. “Don’t ever say I’m available again. Do you hear me? EVER!” He barked in Korr Sella’s direction. He didn’t look at her as he barrelled past her back into his office and locked the door. He promptly grabbed several books and threw them at the wall. Trembling, a side of his brain called out: No! No, you can control this! The drawer! Wrenching it open so hard, the drawer actually came out of the desk, he grabbed what he was looking for: Diazepam 10mg. He didn’t like taking it but it was an emergency. It was mainly for panic attacks but rage induced fits could be helped too. Gulping one, he sat in his chair and gripped it. He was fine. Fine. So why couldn’t the world let him thrive? Notes: What do you think? Kudos and comments are my joy! Chapter 3 : T h r e e Notes: Hi guys. I'm so touched by how many people have taken to this idea. Your words of praise mean so much to me and I thank you deeply. The Kylo I have written is based on the outburst I saw on the screen in TFA and also from my own experiences. So yes, I am writing as myself at times though I try to keep him as in character as possible. A massive thank you to ReyloRobin2011 who made a beautiful aesthetic for the last chapter. It's in my previous chapter if you would like a look but here's the link so give her love: http://reylorobyn2011.tumblr.com/post/155716631500/i-made-this-for-waterlilyrose-for-my-newest Hope you like this one too. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The days that passed following the unfortunate phone-call were blended together like a smoothie in Kylo’s mind. The drugs did their work, calming him and making him feel even slightly out of body, but he also felt a lead weight settle in his bones. Taking additional medication on top of what he already took was never a pleasant experience as it made him lethargic and his brain slowed down to the point of sluggishness. Concentrating was near impossible. The final straw was when he opened an email and had to re-read it three times before it made any sense. He shoved the pack of Diazepam back into the drawer. It was good for emergencies but he couldn’t live on it. He had his regular prescription of Sertraline: that helped him keep an even footing. The worst thing about that episode was that Korr must have confided in another teacher who subsequently had no qualms telling the others about it. The other faculty members were being either extra nice to him or avoiding him for lack of anything else to do. Phasma did what she always did and refused to treat Kylo any differently than usual. It was one of those times when Kylo was just grateful that she was not only his boss but also a friend. She knew the score by now. She knew that once it was all over, he wanted to forget it ever happen. The shame was probably on the same level as the attacks and bouts of instability. Once he was functioning correctly and his brain had stopped playing tricks on him, he looked back at his previous actions with an embarrassed and mortified eye. The smashed objects were cleared away and he put everything back in its place as though nothing happened. But something had happened and when there were witnesses, it was impossible to forget. People never said anything but he knew. Their eyes always spoke when their mouth stayed shut. The looks of confusion, fear, concern and the ever-present judgement. Because, even subconsciously, people would ask ‘But your life is good. Everything is fine. Why can’t you just enjoy it? Why can’t you relax? Why can’t you be normal?’ with a mere stare. Kylo didn’t know why he couldn’t be happy. He would love to be. But he couldn’t and therefore the cautious offerings in the staffroom over whether he would like a cup of coffee or if he had any plans for the weekend were unbearable. The averted eyes of other members even more so. It was when Dameron asked if he wanted a Krispy Kreme doughnut from the box he’d bought in that he had to leave. The experience was awful. But sometimes remembering was even worse. Kylo woke up early on Saturday morning with an air of determination. He’d been so weary that every night that week he’d come home, collapsed onto the sofa and alternated between fitful bouts of sleep and staring at the bookcase, seeing nothing. Today, he had to get moving. Today, he had to try and break a cycle that was too tempting and too dangerous. Dressing himself in his customary black (fuck Phasma, it was his day off) and popping some contacts in, he changed into his baggiest sweat clothes and went out for a run. The sky was grey and there was a faint drizzle that whipped at his face as his feet beat the pavement. By the time he was jogging through Ileenium Park, he felt like himself a little bit more than he’d managed in days. He liked this: the mindless adrenaline and pleasant endorphins that exercise inspired. It was finding the motivation to move at all when he wasn’t in a good way that was the hard bit. Half an hour later and feeling slightly sore and sweaty, Kylo found himself back on the streets that led back to his apartment. Feeling better and a little windswept, he decided that a coffee would be a welcome improvement. Walking the streets, he spotted a Starbucks but could see the queue from his position a street away. He didn’t want to be too close to people yet. Turning down Takodana Street, he walked until he spotted a cafe. It was a large establishment and looked like it was older than him. Or maybe even his father. The sign proclaimed it ‘Maz’s Palace’. It looked the furthest thing from a palace that Kylo had ever seen. And yet, Kylo stepped inside nonetheless. The interior proved just as old and worn as the outside and Kylo looked about him. It was crowded for a Saturday morning but had enough booths empty for Kylo to have a coffee in peace and there was no shouting for a ‘Skinny Latte, extra shot, hold the caramel!’ to be heard. “You gonna sit down, Sugar?” Kylo looked around. And then down. Staring up at him was the tiniest woman he had ever seen. Dressed in dungarees, a cap that hid any hair and with spectacles that covered half her face, she still had the air of a woman who commanded respect. “Uh, I was just looking round.” Kylo mumbled. “You come in for something?” “Just a coffee.” “Well, there’s an empty booth over there.” She pointed to one by the window. “I’ll have someone take your order.” And with that, she strode off as though the matter was settled. Feeling obligated in a sense to sit down yet oddly rebellious, he sat instead in the corner of cafe. It was the furthest from the window he could get. Keeping his head down, he glanced at the menu for lack of anything else to do. “Hi, can I take your order?” Kylo’s eyes darted up. And promptly back down. Rey was standing beside his table with her notebook poised to take his order. She was his waitress. Because apparently this week hadn’t been unfair enough(!) “Just a white coffee please.” He asked. He heard the scratch of a pencil. “Anything else? You want any breakfast?” “No. Nothing thanks.” “You sure?” “Fine, thank you.” Kylo handed his menu promptly to stop this conversation and make her go away. He then made the mistake of looking up. Just as she looked at him. Her eyes narrowed and then widened in recognition. “Dr Ren?” Kylo couldn’t think of any better response other than ‘Hmmm’. Rey gave a little laugh. “Sorry, Sir, but I didn’t recognise you. You normally don’t look so… windswept.” “Morning run.” He started rearranging the cutlery. He’d polish and buff the entire dinette set if he could just be left alone. “Right… well, I’ll get your coffee.” And she, finally, left him alone. Kylo resisted the urge to bang his head against the table but only just. He was terrible with people. Even those he liked. Not that he could say that he liked the girl. He barely knew her. They’d had three conversations and he knew nothing about her other than she was precocious and loved Jane Austen. Kylo contemplated sneaking out without being served before she could come back but she arrived with his coffee on a tray and he was quite desperate for a caffeine fix. On the tray were two slices of toast for him too. “I didn’t order anything else.” “Maz sent it over.” Rey explained not looking up. “She says you look like you need a good meal.” Rey’s eyes glanced at him from the side then back to the tray again. “You do look a bit peaky Doctor. Have you been ill?” “No.” You don’t get physical symptoms with what I’ve got sadly. “No. Perfectly fine.” “Just eat the toast.” Rey instructed with a firmness that she had touched on outside his classroom that day he stopped her from tripping and falling but never seen since. “If Maz declares a stranger needs to eat, then I would take that as gospel.” “Who the hell is Maz anyway?” Kylo snapped, picking up his coffee but deliberately ignoring the toast. “The font of all womanly wisdom?” “The owner of this cafe. And my adoptive mum.” Kylo blinked and looked at Rey. Her face was hardened now. It was clear, even to someone who misread emotions all the time, that Maz was not a subject to be broached with any level of flippancy or derision. And Kylo really didn’t want this girl to despise him. He had enough enemies as it was. In a sign of tired acquiescence, he picked up a slice of toast and made a show of biting into it. Rey gave a nod of approval and walked off looking a lot happier. Somehow that made him feel happier too. He didn’t scrutinize why. Kylo did eat the toast in its entirety and drank his coffee. It tasted better than anything he had previously had in Starbucks. He kept his eyes down throughout to avoid catching anyone’s eye but lifted his head now and again to observe Rey wiping down tables and chatting to a regular. He eventually got up and handed over the money (including for the toast) to Rey at the checkout. This caused her to look a little conflicted but luckily didn’t start a fight. He walked back to his apartment feeling oddly refreshed in a way running had never achieved before. Kylo went back to his lessons on the Monday morning feeling as good as he ever did. The other members of staff were going back to how they had normally treated him and his students had started to hand in essays. Which meant it gave him something to focus on, even if that was how poor his students’ grammar skills were. He took to marking in the library instead of his office. He found that he could get more into the mindset in there to critique classic work. He didn’t always see Rey but when he did, he no longer saw it as a hindrance. He never approached her but he liked having her near. Her desire to learn had a positive effect on his own mindset. He was marking a woefully bad essay on why Bill Sykes was the misunderstood hero of Oliver Twist when she sat down at his desk. “How’s your marking going?” She asked casually. “Fine. Thank you.” He slid the papers that he had finished marking out of her sight. He knew that she wasn’t in his class but she may know someone that did. “I’m not going to steal your papers, Doctor.” She pointed out. Kylo felt his cheeks heating up a bit but ignored it. “Can I help Miss Kanata?” “Well, I hoped you would...” Kylo sighed. “Miss Kanata, I’ve told you already that I can’t help you with your essays.” “I don’t want help with my essays.” She dismissed, sounding a little tired of having the same argument. “I just want to talk.” “About what?” “Books mostly.” Kylo tried to keep his face from scrunching in disbelief but probably failed. “Books?” “What’s wrong with that?” She asked, definitely sounding defensive now. “Nothing. Just… a bit unusual for a… how old are you?” “Eighteen. Oldest in my year.” As if that made a difference. “Right, well, a bit odd for an eighteen-year-old wanting to discuss the writing style of the Bronte sisters when you could be doing something ‘fun’. Like smoking in a bus shelter or whatever it is kids do today.” “Number one: we’re not all delinquents. Number two: kids today? You sound about sixty.” “I feel about sixty.” He muttered. The truth was that Kylo had always been a bit nervous around his students outside of a classroom setting. Just like he was mistrustful of all people. It was nothing personal. But people often took it personally. “It’s true I want as much help as I can.” Rey admitted. “But I think… you get what’s good about literature. You live and breathe it; I can tell.” Kylo didn’t argue as what she said was true. “Why don’t you talk to Sella-” “Because I want to talk to you!” She snapped raising her voice before remembering where she was. “Why are you always so hard to talk to? I just want an adult discussion-” “But you’re not an adult!” It was the wrong thing to say. Even he knew that the worst thing to say to someone on the cusp of adulthood was to call them a child. Her face completely shut down and any good feeling that may have existed between them was clearly dead now. Rey grabbed her books and got up, walking away from his table and not looking back. If she noticed Kylo staring after her, she didn’t care. Kylo looked at the weekly pill organiser in his bathroom cabinet. Every Sunday he refilled and sorted them. Opening the Wednesday flap (tomorrow’s pills), he scrutinized his tablets. Two Sertraline 50mg each. Best taken in the morning. Over the counter Valerian pills. Taken before bed. He didn’t know why he bothered with those. They didn’t work. He had asked God-knows how many times for Temazepam as that had worked a treat but the doctor would not give it to him. Too high a risk. He didn’t know whether they meant the tablets or him. Diazepam 10mg. Rarely taken but organised for emergencies. E.g. your mother calling you with no warning. Not to mention the lifestyle changes to the side effects. Having to monitor his diet and exercise regularly to combat the weight gain the tablets inspired if you gave it half the chance. The stash of Codeine in the cupboard for the staggering headaches his swinging moods could cause. And a lifestyle without people in it. The less people around you, the less witnesses when you inevitably fall apart. Sitting down on the bath, Kylo ran his fingers through his hair. He wasn’t always like this. He had good days. Days when even he forgot for five minutes that there was anything wrong at all. Days when he was confident he could cope without the pills. Which inevitably led to a relapse and days hidden away as he tried to regain his sense of identity and control. A life riddled with depression mixed with an anxiety disorder and mind that just wouldn’t stop racing no matter how tired he was meant he fashioned himself as merely anti-social and cold. But his past had shaped who he was. And a twenty-year impression is a harder habit to break. Notes: Next chapter will be entirely about Kylo's past. Kudos and comments are my joy! Chapter 4 : F o u r Notes: Hey guys. Thank you so much for your lovely support. This chapter was so hard to write as I found it mildly triggering at points and spent a lot of time crying as it bought back bad memories. I wrote it to Mattia Cupelli 'Love Lost' which didn't help my crying. It's too damn beautiful. My tumblr: https://waterlilyrose.tumblr.com/ WARNING: If I found it triggering to write, then some may find it too. Frank remembrances of depressed state of mind and talk of suicidal tendencies. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ben Organa-Solo had been destined for great things. Of course he was. Because when two extraordinary people bring a child into the equation, all eyes turn on that child to rise to the same levels and show that their parents’ were capable of passing their greatness on. Kylo had managed to find various articles and photos that had been plastered across the American media of his parents and him the day he was born. It was almost quite touching to see his parents looking so pleased. His mother was holding him, her hair somewhat bedraggled due to the trials of labour, and his father looked proud as punch. Baby Ben had been completely unaware of all this of course. A day old and with black feathery hair sticking out from under his blue blanket, he was content to sleep through it all. Unfortunately, the stories that were sold to the world didn’t quite stack up in reality. Leia Organa-Solo had been the adopted daughter of Bail and Breha Organa, a royal family from Europe who had come to America to establish a political career, and whom had picked up a baby girl in need of a steady home along the way. She had proved that excellence could indeed be passed from family member to family member by rising as a Senator and the leader of a rebellion against the current force in power along the way. Being the closest that America had to a real-life princess, she was adored and held in almost unprecedented esteem. Han Solo was a man with not so illustrious a beginning but with as glamorous an end and reputation. The man who had run to the stars and came back again, he had been a RAF pilot and squadron officer with the motto: “Shoot first, think later.” It had been his means of meeting his future wife as he had been employed to rescue her with his hairy first mate Chewbacca and a boy who had grown up on an isolated farm for company. A boy who had incidently been his future brother-in-law. It was a story of love and perseverance that even Kylo wouldn’t have been able to read without questioning just how many scenarios could happen all at once. Ben was meant to be their shining beacon of light. A star that would burn endlessly. It must have been something of a disappointment to them that their only child would grow up to question everything, develop a sometimes vicious temper and be as lanky as his parents’ were shining. He’d stopped being taken out and shown off when his ears began to stick out at an alarming angle. His mother explained that it was so the papers couldn’t photograph him and say horrible things about him. Which translated to the young boy as so they couldn’t say horrible things about her. There was nothing in his childhood that could be chalked up as traumatic. On the contrary, Ben had experienced quite a blessed childhood. They lived in a home that had the best of everything. All marble and winding staircases. Rooms without a speck of dust. A massive amount of land surrounding it and gates to keep anyone else out. All delightful. All beautiful. All hollow. It just meant that there was no-one else to hear his parents’ scream at each other and his father storm away for the third time in two months. They had a live-in butler, a stuttering and eternally well-meaning man called Charles, but whom reminded Ben of a cyborg. He was forever C3-PO in his head. Never outloud though – his mother didn’t need an excuse to cuff him around the head. By ten-years-old, Ben had realised that maybe his moods weren’t quite what they should be. He had trouble sleeping. He found himself thinking constantly. And he was always worrying. Like had he turned off the upstairs appliances? Was he sure? Maybe he should go back and check. Ten times. At first his parents didn’t seem too worried. His father, always tall, handsome and gruff, dismissed his son’s frantic brain as being ‘a worry-wort’. His mother put it down to ‘over-sensitivity’. She sometimes almost said it fondly. Like it was an endearing trait. Not that it mattered. His parents were always away. His mother trying to make the world a better place and his father… well, wherever he could hide out the longest. Han had tried the whole bonding routine with his son and all it concluded was that they were as different as night and day. Ben was left to his own devices. Until he was sent to boarding school at the age of 12. The Institute of Outer Rim was said to be a prestigious school where young and fortunate boys could flourish and bloom into young men. Many of the sons of Leia’s contemporaries and colleagues had boys there and she had heard nothing but good things. She was eager to see her son come into his own there. Because, even Ben could recognise, she was running out of ideas for him. He wasn’t who he was meant to be. He wasn’t good enough. He angered too quickly. He was too tall and not strong. He was constantly nervous. He worried about everything. He wasn’t… he wasn’t normal. But he knew one thing – he didn’t want to go to boarding school. He argued viciously about the decision. He bargained, he begged, he pleaded, but evidently his mother’s negotiating skills hadn’t been passed on to him either. She wouldn’t budge. Amazingly, not even his father came to his aid. And it was well-known that he hated the elite and all their trappings of power. A point that Ben overheard his mother questioning his father about. “Why are you being so… calm?” His mother had asked. His parents’ were in the kitchen and Ben was stood on the landing which was directly above them. “Like it would make any difference if I didn’t?” Han scoffed. “No. Why are you?” Han sighed. “We’re over our heads with him. Like we have any other choice.” “What do you mean? This school is a good one-” “-that will take him off your hands so he can straighten himself out and come back to us for the holidays.” “What? No! I want him to have the best future.” “He’s not going to have a chance of that if he carries on with these bloody moods!” Han snapped. “Don’t say that! That’s a horrible thing to say!” Leia hissed at her husband. “It’s the honest thing to say.” Han said sounding unbelievably tired. “It doesn’t matter what hopes we had for him. It’s not working and it never has. He’s… there’s too much Vader in him.” There was a weighted stunned pause. “Don’t say that. Don’t ever say that to me!” Leia snarled sounding like a lioness. “Well, there is! He’s so quick to anger. And he’s displaying his traits!” “Han, we always knew that it may be hereditary.” “Who knew? I certainly didn’t. I didn’t sign up to this when we had him. I wanted to be a dad to a kid I could understand. I wanted him to be like me: normal!” It was a burn that couldn’t be cauterised. Not with time or with effort. His father, whom he had always looked up to, didn’t see him as normal. He stopped arguing at that point to stay home. He realised there was no way he would ever be allowed to. He hated the boarding school from the very first morning. And the other boys soon made it clear they hated him. The other boys, who were all ironically the sons of the men who had recommended the place, made it clear that their role in his life was to make it a misery. They were clever in their ways. They never did anything that could give Ben a reason to run to a teacher for help. It was all underhanded and sly. Like excluding him from all social groups. Like making sure he was always chosen last for any sports team. Whispered snipes and well timed laughter whenever he had to speak. He didn’t understand. Why were they doing this? And why did they whisper ‘Vader’s sprog’ at him? Why were people continuously bringing up Vader? In the age of the internet only starting to break into mainstream and with a life in a gated, gilded prison, he couldn’t just go out and get a paper. So the library was his means of exploring. He went to the desk and asked for the most recent and up to date book on Senator Darth Vader. Everyone knew who Vader was. He’d been a madman who had become drunk on power and had done some terrible things. Things that his mother had committed her life to fighting. Checking out a book, he took it back to his dorm and began to read furiously. He read of Vader’s origins. Of the days when he had grown up in terrible conditions as Anakin Skywalker. How he had grown up in better times and fallen hopelessly in love with Padmé Amidala. How they had secretly married… and had twins. Ben had been forced to read five times before he could believe what he was seeing. But there it was. His uncle’s name. And his mother’s. This man, this despot, was his… grandfather? Ben’s head was pounding. He knew his Mom was adopted but… he’d never thought to ask… The whispers of ‘Vader’s sprog’ now made terrible frightening sense. No wonder he was hated. No wonder his mother was to a certain extent. They were the descendants of a mad man. Ben had sobbed for an hour with rage and fear. How could his mother have kept this from him? How could she have sent him here with no warning as to what may come out into the open? But then more confusion came about. What did they mean with too much Vader in him? Did that mean he was evil? He wasn’t! He wasn’t evil! He’d done bad things, smashed stuff up and thrown what could be described as tantrums but he wasn’t evil. He wasn’t… Oddly enough, even though just thinking back to that horrific six months was enough to trigger a panic attack, he couldn’t really remember much of it. The days consisted of trying to concentrate in lessons which was absolutely impossible and an overwhelming sense of ‘What is the point?’ The teachers weren’t particularly sympathetic, putting it down to teenage attitude, and insisted that he was a bright boy he just needed to try harder. He didn’t bother calling home for support. What could he say? That he felt a pain in his bones whenever he moved? That he couldn’t sleep yet was actually beginning to get double-vision from how tired he was? That he was prepared to go to any lengths to make sure the pain stopped? The times he grew up in weren’t kind to people like him. There was the sense of ‘Get up and get over it’ that seemed dominant in the go-getting years. He eventually had to go home for Christmas break. He could still remember the way his parents had decorated the house. Pine was very prominent. Holly berries everywhere. China Santa figurines on the fireplace. It was clearly meant to be the year they spent a perfect Christmas with their son who had been enjoying boarding school so much that he no longer phoned to beg them to pick him up. Ben looked up long enough to see the look of horror that greeted the sight of him. He’d lost weight with his cheekbones sticking out prominently. He spent the majority of the time inspecting his shoes. And he was losing the ability to talk. Leia had tried desperately to get her son to speak to her. She came to his bedroom and spoke softly to him. “Ben. Ben, please. What’s going on? What are you doing to yourself? Ben?” He had so much to say and he wanted to say it. But when he looked at his mother and opened his mouth, her eyes made the words dry up. He was incoherent and didn’t make any sense when he spoke. The words came out in the wrong order when all he wanted to say was: “Help me! SOMEONE HELP ME!” The anger was still there quietly simmering too. Because how dare she? How dare she demand anything from him when all it would have taken would have been just a bit of honesty on her part for him to know who he was! So he stared at his bedroom wall and said nothing. His father was even worse. Never the most sensitive of men, he just barked questions at him. “Why won’t you talk?” “Why won’t you eat?” “Why are you doing this to your mother?” “Why are you being so selfish?” Ben began locking the door whenever he heard his footfalls coming up the stairs. Han had never hit him or attempted to but the force of his derisive and desperate demands were causing him to bleed around the ribs. Christmas was horrific. Ben was given a mountain of presents but not even the will to unwrap them. Leia kept trying to push him towards them but he wouldn’t budge. He could see Han getting angry and why did everyone have to be so angry with him all the time? “Come on Ben!” Leia pleaded sounding almost hysterical. “There are some nice things there. I promise.” “Leia, don’t bother.” Han sighed. He looked disappointed. He always looked disappointed. “Shut up Han!” She growled. Ben used the distraction to bolt to the bathroom. Shaking and hysterically crying, he didn’t even know why. He was now pretty certain he hated his parents yet the sight of his mother and even his father desperately trying was enough to make him cower away in despair. Why were they buying him gifts? They didn’t even like him. Desperate to breath a bit easier, he blindly opened the bathroom cabinet and looked for an inhaler. And spotted a prescription of Codeine. The bottle was nearly completely full. Han had been given them for bad headaches but had stopped pretty quickly. Claimed they made him feel out of body and sluggish. Ben wasn’t sure what possessed him but he picked it up. Placing it on the lid of the toilet, he sat on the floor and stared at it. If he took the lot, he could die. And he didn’t want to die. But he wanted this pain to stop. And for that he was willing to do anything. He cried even harder as he stared at the bottle of pills because he was so scared. He wanted it stop. Why wouldn’t it stop? Then suddenly he regained his voice. “Mom! MOM!” He was rooted to the floor so Leia couldn’t open the door. But Han’s foot could. Leia took in the splintered remains of the door. Of her only child curled up against the sink. And at what was holding his attention. Not even Han had the words for this. Ben let his Mom hold him desperately as he finally found the words and just whimpered them over and over. “Make it stop. Make it stop. Make it stop.” He finally managed to sleep that night. Because he was exhausted in mind and body. The next day his mother told him to pack a bag. He did it without question. Maybe he was going to be sent to a hospital. Maybe that was for the best. He was willing to try anything. The drive was completely silent with Han driving, Ben looking out of the window and Leia clutching her handbag like someone was going to rip it out of her hands like her world had been from under her feet. Ben was completely confused when they pulled up at Los Angeles International Airport but considered maybe the hospital was out of state. It wasn’t until he got to a terminal that he realised maybe he wasn’t going to a hospital. “Me and your father...” Leia began, “we’ve decided that maybe LA isn’t the best place for you right now. And neither is boarding school.” Ben nodded slowly. “A new breath of air and an understanding face may be what you need.” Ben waited. “So we’ve decided it might be a good idea for you to go and see Uncle Luke in England.” Ben was too shocked to even recoil. Uncle Luke? He’d last seen his uncle when he’d been six. A quiet and shy man, he wasn’t suited to the life in the spotlight that his sister inevitably attracted. He’d been residing in London for years and kept his contacting to ringing now and again. He was being sent to a complete stranger. “I thought I was going to hospital.” He blurted. Leia’s face nearly crumpled and Han looked like he was biting something in his mouth hard enough to bleed. “I don’t want to see you in hospital Ben. It will do you no good. I want to protect you from that.” Ben considered screaming that he wanted to go if it meant he got better. But a cold kind of rage seized his chest. “You want to protect yourself from that.” He corrected. “What? No I-” “You’ve been shipping me off since I was a baby. Because I wasn’t good enough then and I’m not good enough now.” Leia went to argue but Ben just stuck out his hand. “Just give me the tickets.” The departure was excruciating. Ben wanted to run onto the plane but Leia insisted on holding him. He was a stiff as stone in her arms. Han, who had never been big on hugs, stood back. “I’ve always wanted what was best for you Ben.” His mother whispered brokenly. “I hope one day you will understand.” He left without another word. Oddly enough, he didn’t cry on the plane. He felt the strangest desperate need to run back to his parents but he tamped it down. As the plane took off, Ben made himself a promise. He vowed that as long as he lived he would never go back to his parents for help again. There was a thick fog when he touched down at Gatwick. He’d been on the plane for so long that he was actually looking forward to seeing his Uncle. In the terminal, he had looked around for his new guardian. “Ben?” Ben had looked up. The man calling to him had an American accent yet oddly quiet and gentle. He was wearing mostly black and a long coat almost like a robe. His hair was golden with touches of grey and a neat beard. Yet his eyes were impressively blue. “Uncle Luke?” The man nodded clearly taking his nephew in. They left without another word. The town-house where Luke resided was impressive and clearly worth a lot of money but almost muted in its grandeur. The sort of house that goes unnoticed until you look much much closer and see its grandness. Another thing that Ben noticed was it didn’t appear as though it had been redecorated since its building. Sometime around 1892. Ben’s new bedroom was tiny in comparison to his old one but that didn’t bother him. The walls were dark red and the furniture threadbare. “You can decorate it however you like.” His Uncle pointed out almost awkwardly. It proved quite comforting that Luke was as unaware of what to do with a teenage boy as his sister had been. Ben found himself alone, in a strange room, in a strange country. How this was meant to help him he had no idea. One saving grace was that sorting him out a new school would take a while so he didn’t have to face that yet. The weeks passed in a monotonous blur. The hollowness was still ever present and his Uncle was clearly a man used to solitude so conversation was difficult. He didn’t want to get lost in a strange city so couldn’t exactly leave. The nearly daily calls from his mother also didn’t help at all. It just meant he was more susceptible to rage. About two weeks later, he couldn’t ignore his boredom anymore and went exploring. The rooms all looked much the same as his bedroom until he came across an old study. It had an odd smell of papers and books that smelt oddly comforting. And there were two bookcases lining the longest walls of the room. There were leather bound books but also an assortment of paperbacks and hard-covers. Ben picked up one at random and opened it but couldn’t make much sense of it. His concentration was so badly compromised that reading was impossible. He was tempted to throw the book across the room. But then spotted something new: a few cassette tapes. Taking them out, he inspected them and saw they were books on tape. Audiobooks. Picking one at random, Anna Karenina by Leo Tolstoy, he left to dig out a CD Player. He hadn’t expected much. It was just something to pass the time. Some background noise to his despair. Ben found himself listening intently and was transformed away from the shadowy room into high society Russia. He listened transfixed as he listened to the unfaithful Steva and Dolly battle it out. Listened to the loveless set up of Anna and Karenin. To the inflamed passions of Anna and Vronsky. And to the endearing and painful life and love of Kitty and Levin. For the first time, he was captured in another world that caused him no pain. He was amused by Steva’s ridiculousness. He was pitiable of Vronsky. He was cheering for Levin. And he was tossed back and forth between unbelievable exasperation and compassion for Anna, who was simultaneously tragic, villainous, motherly, romantic and impossible. It took her nearly three days of continuous listening before he finished. And he rushed back to the library for another tape. He listened to them all. Jane Eyre, Northanger Abbey, Bleak House, Age of Innocence and Madame Bovary. All transporting him to a brave new world and making him forget himself for a little while. The next time he picked up a book, the words made sense. And he started to make sense again too. His first day back at school was a nerve-wrecking one. It was a decent school with very good reports but not a boarding school. It was only a short distance away too. Meaning he could walk there. Ben had been terrified entering the grounds and tried to keep himself inconspicuous. He didn’t know if he had it in him to survive another bout of bullying. Yet oddly, although he was given moderate attention when he first arrived, he soon faded into the background. No-one went out of their way to victimize or befriend him. He was just there. And there was a great comfort in that. Ben found himself spending most days in the library, checking out new exciting books and devouring them alone in his room. There was still an ache in his bones and some-days when lifting his head off the pillow was just too much work but they were becoming manageable. He’d been at the school for a grand total of two months when someone sat down next to him at the library table. A boy about his height with a sallow face and pinched expression sat next to him. He was pale with a shock of red hair and had eyes that just seemed to say ‘I don’t like anyone’. The boy didn’t say anything and just went about his work which suited Ben fine. Half an hour passed before the boy talked. “You‘re the new kid from America, yeah?” Ben blinked up from his book and managed a nod. “Are you mute?” The boy demanded, causing Ben to scowl. “No. I’m just quiet.” Ben pointed out. He tried to get back to his book. “I’m Hux. And I take it you’re Ben.” “If I must be.” Ben growled. “Don’t be then.” Hux shrugged turning the page in his textbook and looked rather disinterested. “No-one has to be who they are assigned to be.” Ben went to argue but then stopped. He could be whoever he wanted, couldn’t he? This was a new chance. A new country. Ben had been weak and never good enough. The new him could be everything. “Fine. I’m not Ben.” He stated. Hux looked at him. “Who are you then?” Ben thought and an odd name popped into his head. Unusual yet distinctive. “Kylo. Kylo… Ren.” Hux raised his eyebrows. “Nice to meet you, Kylo Ren.” It had been the beginning of one of the oddest friendships in history. Hux and the newly christened Kylo found themselves spending time together. There was nothing remotely warm or fuzzy about the two but it was weirdly nurturing for Kylo. He’d never had a friend before. Even if this one was short-tempered, rude and prone to be cutting, he was still willing to spend time with Kylo. It also transpired that Hux had a name he didn’t like either which meant he was happy to address him as Kylo as long as he remained Hux. Kylo was very slow in telling Hux what had happened back home yet was giddy with relief when Hux didn’t seem pitying. “No wonder you want to stay.” He’d stated. “But for how long?” Kylo moaned. “They may demand me home soon.” “Not if you play it right.” Hux explained. It turned out that Hux was going to follow the family business into law and knew his shit when it came to rights. It soon came to pass that Kylo realised as long as he stayed in the UK until he was sixteen, his parents couldn’t actually drag him back to the States. As in the eyes of the law, he could do what he wanted without permission. So from the age of fourteen, he plotted and lay the groundwork. He studied furiously for any tests that came his way and proved himself something of a protege in English. His uncle seemed pleased with him yet didn’t seem to like this new boy his nephew had taken to as a friend. Whenever he talked to his mother on the phone, Kylo trained himself to sound self-assured but stern. He claimed that he wanted to stay in a school until all his exams were passed. Which meant until he was sixteen and his GCSEs had been taken. Leia, so relieved to hear her son talking like a reasonable adult, agreed. The years passed, the final exams came and Kylo turned sixteen. He passed all his teaching with flying colours. His uncle was clearly proud. “I think you are ready to go back, Ben.” Kylo looked up at him with hardened eyes. His uncle’s pleased expression faded. “I’m never going back. And don’t call me that name. Ever again.” Luke tried to reason with him that what had been done, had been done for the best. Leia called numerous times but Kylo refused to speak to her. As far as he was concerned, he’d chosen his path. What he didn’t suspect was how far they would go. So it was a huge shock when he came down for breakfast one morning to see Leia and Han sitting in the kitchen. The row that followed was long and vicious. Leia pleaded. Han demanded. And Luke tried to reason. But Kylo refused to budge. “We could drag you to the airport, you do know that?” Han demanded clearly at the end of his tether. Kylo tried not to smile. It was an empty threat. “Go ahead. Drag me by my hair. Force me onto the plane. You know I will only come back here again. I’ll run away every time. I’ll steal credit cards. I’ll live in a hostel. I will do whatever it takes but you are never having me back again. I trusted you two once to do the best thing for me. You failed completely. This is my life and I am going to live it without the pair of you even if I have to run for the rest of my life. Is that clear?” It was like all the fight was sucked from Leia. He felt a flash of compassion for the tiny woman. She looked so much older now. Like life had truly beaten her down. But he had needed them. He had needed them so badly and they had let him down. His parents had been forced to go home. His Uncle was clearly disgusted and didn’t argue when his nephew moved out the next day. He’d gone to Hux for help and had been granted the use of one of the family apartments in the city. Kylo had studied and passed his A Levels. He’d enlisted into the army with Hux at 18 (with no medical history to stop him, he was free to do as he liked) though they had both sustained injuries and never saw combat. And at the age of twenty-three, after three major bouts and a recurring theme of it all his adult life, he had finally been diagnosed with Chronic Depression with Anxiety Disorder. The medication had been a great help to him and only supported his belief that he should have gone down this route years ago. As an adult, he realised it may have been a refusal to believe that a child of theirs suffered mental health issues and a belief that depression wasn’t an illness but a phase. It had cost his parents’ dearly in terms of his self-imposed exile. But Kylo had learnt a long time ago that the less people around him, the less hurt to everyone concerned. He took his tablets, worked hard and lost himself in literature. Some people were better off alone. He was one of them. Notes: If this resonates with anyone, you matter. You truly matter. And I know it seems impossible now but things are going to get better. Hang in there. Depression is an illness not a phase. Never let anyone tell you different. Notes: What do you think? Kudos and comments are worth sixty portions.