"Phas, who's that girl over there?" Kylo asked his friend as she mixed some drinks for the customers at the end of the bar. "What girl are you talking about Kylo, I'm not a mind reader." He glared at her and snarked, "you know I can have you fired." "You wouldn't dare." "You're right. That girl." He pointed, "the one at the end by herself." Phasma smirked at him, "I've got no idea Kylo, I've never seen her here before. You should have a drink sent over to her." "Don't be ridiculous Phas, I'm just stopping in to make sure everything is going smoothly with the club." He glanced at the woman at the end of the bar again. She was beautiful with her hair pulled back in three little buns. He couldn't imagine why she would be at this club alone. Pretty thing like her. He continued to stare when he heard Phasma clear her throat. "Are you just going to stare at her or are you going to go talk to her? She's been sitting there for a while. Doubt she's waiting on anyone." "Phasma, you know I can't do that. There is something about her though." He leaned on his elbow with his hand bracing his jaw. Really beautiful. "What kind of drink do you think she would like?" Asked Phasma. "Why would that matter? I'm not sending a drink to her." "I bet she would like lemon drops," Phasma said as she began grabbing the required ingredients to mix the drink. Kylo grabbed her wrist. "Wait, what are you doing? I told you not to send her a drink." "Listen Kylo, I've known you for how long? And you've never shown interest in anyone. This girl has somehow caught the eye of the workaholic known as Kylo Ren. I'm not going to let this pretty girl just pass you by. So just sit there and look sexy and I'll point you out to her once I drop off her drink." He groaned, "I'm not getting out of this am I?" "No you aren't," she replied as she stuck her tongue out at him and carried the drink over to the girl. Kylo watched as Phasma approached the girl with the lemon drop. He continued to watch as she pointed towards him and the girl turned her head to look. He waved awkwardly. The pretty girl smiled and waved back. Damn she has a nice smile too. Feeling emboldened, he decided to approach her. Phasma gave him a wink as he passed by her leaning against the bar top. "Is it alright if I take this seat?" The girl nodded her approval. He pulled out the barstool and sat down, accidentally brushing his knee against hers. He thought he caught her staring at his mouth, which pleased him more than it really should have. "I'm Kylo" "Rey" "That's a beautiful name," he found himself saying. He had really meant it too. Rey. The name suited her. He didn't expect to hit it off the way that they had. She was breathtakingly beautiful without a doubt. Her intelligence was equally as fascinating. He had never met anyone in his life worthy of such attention, and he didn't want to let her slip away. He was encouraged by the way she made subtle excuses to touch him. A squeeze of his hand when he made her laugh, a delicate brush of his hair with her fingertips when an errant curl fell in his eyes, and the more bold placement of her hand upon his thigh. She was just as intrigued by him as he was with her. When he asked her to dance he wasn't expecting the fearful look that she gave. Perhaps he had been reading too far into their little touches. He immediately apologized. The last thing he wanted was to make her uncomfortable or to scare her off. She surprised him when she explained that she simply didn't know how to dance. Well Kylo could fix that. "You need a teacher." "I need a teacher." Kylo grabbed her by the hand to lead her out into the sea of bodies and neon lights. He gently placed his hands on her hips engulfing her tiny frame with his larger one. He rolled her hips against him. She has a beautiful body, he could feel her ass pressed against his front and he hoped to God that she couldn't feel him start to stiffen in his pants. She had her hand in his hair again, she seemed to like his hair. He would be lying if he didn't admit how soothing her fingers felt against his scalp. She began to relax, he could tell by the way she rested her head back against his shoulder. He had the intense urge to kiss her. He could lean down now and claim her mouth, but he wanted to do right by her. Rey was special, and she deserved to be treated as such. He couldn't resist any longer and found himself asking for her permission to kiss her. "Yes." He couldn't hold back his passion any longer, spinning her around he pressed his lips against hers. Gently he nudged his tongue along the seam of her mouth, she let out a little gasp and he took the opportunity to taste her. His hands seemed to move on their own accord, gliding down her lithe body until he reached her ass. Kylo hoped that he wasn't crossing a line as he grabbed her pert behind. She had a lovely ass. Suddenly she broke the kiss. The blue and purple strobe lights reflected in her hazel eyes. "Kylo, I want you. Can we go somewhere?" He couldn't believe this beautiful woman, with eyes full of lust, wanted him. Most women that approached him at his clubs knew of his status, and were only approaching him for the prospect of his money. Not Rey though. Rey was a breath of fresh air. He kissed her forehead and decided to do something he had never done before. Kylo made his way back to the private rooms. He nodded to the security guard. Phasma's friend with benefits, Armitage Hux. He had that pinched sour expression on his face that had become a fixture. He opened the door for her and nudged her through with a hand on her lower back. "Don't worry, nobody will bother us in here," he assured Rey. Kylo turned to grab her face and kiss her again, but she stared back at him with sheer panic. "What's wrong sweetheart?" She tried to play it off as nothing, but he knew better. She still looked uneasy, and that just wouldn't do. Kylo sat on the couch patted the seat beside him. She tried to avoid his eyes, shifting her gaze to the floor as she spoke. "Listen, I'm not this type of girl, not really." Realization started to set in, she thought that... that he... no, he had to reassure her. Had to make her see. That it wasn't that way for him either. Christ, he didn't want her to feel obligated to do anything with him. "And I've never brought a girl back here before. Rey, I really like you. If you aren't comfortable we can just talk and kiss. Maybe I can get your number and we can hang out again." Selfishly he hoped she wouldn't reject him. He would respect her either way, but a man could hope. The next thing he knew, Rey was on top of him and kissing him deeply. His hands moved by their on volition, stroking up and down her back until they reached the straps of her dress. Before his confidence could wane he pulled the straps down her arms. She was beautiful, he had the sudden urge to touch her. Every part of her. He finally gave in to the temptation by cupping her breasts through her bra. "So beautiful," the thought floated through his mind, and he was fairly confident he voiced it out loud. Suddenly Rey jumped off of his lap, letting her dress fall to the floor. She stood before him in matching black lace bra and panties and stilettos. Those heels would be the death of him. It took every amount of self control to not grab her and pound into her relentlessly. But that's not what he truly wanted with her, no. He wanted to take his time with with her, to savor her. She started to take off the heels, he suggested that she keep them on. The heels were hot. She was back in his lap and grinding against him. He kissed her again, grabbing her face to deepen it. He delved his tongue into her mouth, gently licking against her own. His hands skimmed down her shoulders to the clasp of her bra. In a swift movement he unhooked it, asking if it was alright to do so. Rey didn't seem to mind. She laughed and threw the bra somewhere over her shoulder. He couldn't get over her laugh, she was just too cute. But now, now she was bare from the waist up. He hoped he didn't look like a creep ogling her the way that he was. She was just, so incredibly beautiful. Her breasts were perky, and she had small pert nipples. He heard himself groan as he cupped them. The next thing he knew, he was taking a nipple in his mouth, sucking it between his lips. He laved at the sharp point before moving over to the other. "Wait Kylo, wait." He looked up at her, hoping he wasn't going too fast. She motioned for him to get up, grabbing his hands to help him. She made a comment about her lack of dress and his fully clothed body. He was an idiot, so involved with her he didn't even realize he had gotten her mostly naked without taking a single piece of his own clothing off. With their combined effort they made quick work of removing his clothes. Impatience would be his downfall, he grabbed her again kissing her senselessly. Her warm body pressed up against his chest. She worked on his belt buckle, dropping to her knees to remove his pants. That image was now burned into his brain. As much as he wanted her mouth on him, he wouldn't allow her to do that tonight. Maybe another time, he hoped there would be more times. But for now, he wanted to treat her right and he really wanted to eat her pussy. "I want you to ride my face Rey." She followed him over to the couch where he laid back against the arm rest. He all but shoved her body on top of him. He could smell her arousal through her panties. He licked against her before getting frustrated with the garment. Kylo has always been somewhat compulsive. It would probably get him into trouble one day, perhaps even today. He grabbed her panties and ripped them in half to rid them of her body. Kylo didn't have time for those panties. He licked her from her soft folds up the the little nub at the top. She tasted wonderful. He wanted to take his time, make her come two or three times just from his tongue. He suckled on her clit while he pushed a finger inside her. She was tight and warm around his finger. He felt her tugging on his hair, sinking her fingers through his curls. It only served to encourage him more. He pumped his finger in and out of her while lavishing attention on her clit. He felt her begin to contract against his finger. He pulled off of her nub and licked up her juices that gathered between her folds. "You taste amazing Rey, I could eat you out every day and never tire of the taste." He thought he saw her blush, but before he could get a good look at her she was kissing him again. He leaned her back against the couch and stroked her face. A thought came to mind, that he would have to find a condom. Hux maybe had one on him, doubtful that he would willingly give one to him. Looking into Rey's hazel eyes he voiced his concern. "I have an implant. I'm fine without it, if you are." "So I can come inside you?" He didn't know why that prospect pleased him so. "Yes," she replied. He quickly pushed his underwear down, his cock sprung forth. He saw her eyes widen and then felt her tiny hand rubbing up and down his dick. He was not going to last long if she kept doing that. He lined himself up and gently pushed inside. She was incredibly tight and so warm. He clenched his fists as he gave her time to adjust. His forehead was leaning against hers, when she squeezed his shoulders and moved her arms around his neck. He lifted up to look in her eyes, and the look on her face told him she was ready. He thrust his hips forward into her. She felt amazing. He could live inside her. He pumped in and out of her at a steady rhythm. He grabbed just underneath her knee and brought her leg up against his shoulder. This new angle allowed him to reach even deeper within her. He wasn't going to last much longer, and he wanted to push her over the edge again. He leaned over and took her nipple into his mouth. Sucking and releasing it with a pop. "I want to feel you come around my dick." "Yes Kylo," she moaned. He felt her orgasm clenching around his dick and it triggered his own, shooting his seed deep inside her. He collapsed on top of her, careful not to put his full weight on top of the tiny girl. He laid his head down on top of her breasts and released a breath. "You are amazing," he told her. "So are you." He raised up on her elbows and rolled off of her. Watched as his seed trickled out of her. He felt a sudden urge to gather it and push it back inside of her. Maybe it was his possessive nature getting the better of him. It felt good to leave a piece of him inside her. Kylo helped her up and took his time helping her get dressed. He found her ruined panties and discreetly placed them in his pocket. He grabbed her waist and pulled her against him, he kissed her cheek and then her lips. Placing his forehead against hers. "I don't want this to be the end Rey, I really like you and I had a great time tonight." "I had a great time too, Kylo." He grabbed her hand and raised it to his lips, placing a soft sweet kiss against her knuckles. "Come home with me Rey. Tomorrow I will make you breakfast and we can watch movies in bed. Or I can take you to the movies, whatever you want. Just please, come home with me." Kylo was an impulsive person, but he had never been this impulsive before. He never had relationships, but he wanted one with Rey. He nervously waited for her answer, for her rejection. Surely she wouldn't want more than what they had just shared. Not for the first time, Rey surprised him. They left the room holding hands. Passing Hux who was glaring at him, but returned to his normal pinched expression when he realized he was caught. He lead Rey to the front, opening the door for her. He caught sight of Phasma at her place behind the bar. She winked at him and gave him a knowing smile. He certainly owed Phasma for pushing him. Outside he paid the valet. He held her against his chest as they waited for his car to arrive. He placed small kisses to her temple. The car arrived and he noticed Rey freeze in place. He looked at her inquisitively. "Kylo, what exactly do you do for a living?" He couldn't stifle his laugh. "Rey I own this night club and many others in the city." She seemed impressed, but didn't look at him any differently. He felt relieved that his occupation wasn't a huge deal. Rey was different, she was special. And he was going to make sure she knew that. Now that he had her, he wasn't going to let her out of his sight. Chapter 2 Summary: The morning after :) Notes: So I decided to make the setting Chicago because I fell in love with the city back in October when I visited. The Blackhawks are the NHL team. The United Center is where they play. I hope you like this continuation. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Waking up wrapped around Rey's warm body was something he could get used to. They were both still naked from the night before, where he made love to her in his bed. Like he should have done from the beginning, if he weren't so impulsive. That hardly mattered now that he had her. He pressed a kiss on her shoulder and trailed kisses up along her neck until he reached the corner of her mouth. She began to stir in her sleep, and didn't she look so adorable with her hair all over the place and her mouth hanging open. Kylo was the luckiest man. He still couldn't believe this gorgeous, intelligent woman was here with him. Rey rolled over onto her back and looked up into his eyes and smiled at him. He could feel his heart constricting. What was she doing to him? He wanted to show her how he felt. He began pressing feather light kisses down her side. "Good morning sweetheart," he said. Rey smiled at him again and replied, "good morning, sleep well?" "Better than I have ever slept." He wanted to ask her to stay again tonight, to stay again forever. But the last thing he wanted to do was to scare her off. So instead he took her hand and kissed her knuckles. "Stay in bed and relax, I'm going to go make you some breakfast," he told her as he placed a chaste kiss to her lips. He couldn't keep the smile off of his face as he left her in his bed. Pulling on some briefs and a pair of sweatpants, he left his bedroom and the gorgeous woman behind to tread down the hall to his kitchen. He opened up the blinds revealing the city skyline and Lake Michigan. This view had taken Rey's breath away the night before. He had held her in his arms on the balcony, watching her hazel eyes light up at the sights and sounds. Kylo made his way back to his kitchen. He lived in an old warehouse building that had been converted to apartments. He wasn't big on decorating, he had a minimalistic lifestyle. Now that Rey was here, he wondered if she would be more comfortable with some personal touches added. It was rather stark and bare. It never mattered before due to her being the first person he had ever brought back to his home. Even Phasma had never been to his home. He always insisted on hanging out at her place or elsewhere. He grabbed the carton of eggs and a package of bacon. He felt arms wrap around his waist and a kiss being pressed to his shoulder. "Hey love," he said while looking over his shoulder. "You don't have any food allergies or preferences do you?" "I love any and all foods. I'm not picky," she replied. She was wearing nothing but an old t-shirt of his, and he wanted her to stay that way for the rest of the day. However, he did promise her they could do whatever she wanted. "Fantastic. Have you thought about what you might want to do today? Whatever you want Rey, you let me know and we're there." "Well there is something, I don't know if you would be able to swing it on such short notice. But I've never been to a hockey game before. I've always wanted to go, but we could always watch the game at the bar. That would be fun too." He smiled to himself, this was perfect. "I have seats Rey, season tickets. I didn't know if you would like hockey or else I would have offered. I would love to take you." The radiant smile she gave him made his heart constrict again. He would give her anything, anything that she could ever want. "Now go back to bed, I'll bring you breakfast when I'm finished. Maybe find something on Netflix to watch. Whatever you like." He ushered her back to his bedroom and returned to his cooking. *** Kylo opened the door to his bedroom carrying a tray with their breakfast. Rey was still wearing his shirt and was flipping through his Netflix queue. He gently placed the tray down on the bed and crawled over to press a kiss on her lips. "Breakfast is served," he gestured to the tray. He had made scrambled eggs, bacon, and bagels with cream cheese. He also brought a bowl of fresh fruit. "Thank you kindly, sir." He groaned and told her, "you can't call me that, it does things to me." She chuckled at him and slapped his shoulder playfully. "We're watching The Breakfast Club by the way," she added, "it's my favorite movie." Kylo maneuvered her so he could put his arm around her shoulder and the tray across their laps. "It's mine too, sweetheart." And if that wasn't a sign he didn't know what was. She was perfect. Rey watched the movie as he watched her. He just couldn't help himself. He was infatuated. After they had finished most of their breakfast, he tossed the tray aside and held the bowl of fresh fruit against his chest. Rey reached over to grab a piece of fruit when he stopped her by grabbing her hand and kissing it. "Let me feed it to you, please." She nodded in agreement. He chose a strawberry first. He held it up to her mouth as she opened and leaned forward to take a bite. He fed her a grape next, popping it into her mouth. A piece of watermelon to follow. She made sure to take his thumb into her mouth and suck it clean of all the juices. The movie forgotten, he pulled her against him. One arm was around her back pushing her fully against him while the other cupped her cheek. He kissed her deeply, pressing his tongue against hers. She tasted like the fruit they had just shared. He gently kissed her into the pillows and settled on top of her. "You look fucking hot in my shirt," he said as he trailed his fingers underneath the hem. He grabbed her waist and squeezed. She had her arms around his neck, kissing him back in fervor. He felt her trail her hands down his back until she reached his ass. "And you have a nice ass," she replied as she gave it a little slap. He chuckled as she tentatively gave it a squeeze. "Is that so?" "Mmmhmm" He pulled up his borrowed shirt until her beautiful breasts were barred before him. He wanted to lavish all his attention to them. He grabbed her around the waist and turned so that he was on his back and she was straddling his hips. He grabbed the hem of the shirt and pulled it over her head. She was completely bare before him, and he could feel how wet she already was. Kylo couldn't resist any longer, he reached up to cup her breasts. He circled her nipples with his thumbs until they hardened into stiff peaks. He pulled her down closer to him so he could take one nipple into his mouth while he rolled the other between his finger and thumb. He really could do this forever. He pulled off with a delicious pop and kissed her nipple. He continued to press kisses along her breasts until he reached her other nipple, which he gladly took into his mouth to give the same attention. She sighed loudly and said, "I love when you do that. You are so good with that mouth, and that tongue." He loved the filthy words she uttered when she was full of lust. He was painfully hard and his tip was probably leaking. He grabbed her waist again and asked, "are you ready for me?" Her response was to scoot back past his legs. She grabbed onto his pants and underwear pulling them down in one swift movement. She tossed them to the side and admired his cock as it jutted forward. "I want to suck your dick baby." Damn, she was going to be the death of him. He seemed to be at a loss of words and could only stare at her and nod in affirmation. She licked from the base of him to the tip and pressed a soft kiss there. She met his eyes and smiled before parting her lips and taking him in. Her mouth was hot and wet. She was good at this, and the knowledge of that made him irrationally jealous. He pushed those thoughts aside to enjoy the feeling of her hot breath on his shaft. He held her face and pulled her off of him. He smiled at her as he asked, "I'd like to be inside you now, is that okay?" "Yes, Kylo." She climbed back on top of him, grabbing his dick and sinking down fully on top of him. They hadn't tried this position yet, but he was loving seeing her on top of him. She bobbed on top of him, taking the lead. He had his hands on her waist and thrusted into her softly. She felt amazing, she was amazing. Amazingly smart, amazingly beautiful. Lovely, just lovely... and that was his heart again tightening up in his chest. He felt like he was going to burst. Suddenly, he flipped them over so he was on top. He pushed back into her soft and sensually. Kissing her brow, her cheek, and her lips. She wrapped her legs around his waist, and god if that didn't feel incredibly. He picked up the pace feeling her start to quake beneath him. Thrusting harder, chasing his own orgasm. She grabbed his ass with both of her hands and held him against her. He grabbed her leg and pushed it higher so he could reach deeper inside her. Thrusting at a steady pace until he felt the delicious flutter that signified her orgasm. It only took two more thrusts for him to be spilling inside her. He collapsed on top of her, kissing her lips again. "Fuck Rey, fuck. I think. I think I'm in love with you." The words left his mouth before he even realized he was speaking out loud. And shit, she was staring at him like he was crazy. Shit. "Uh. Um. Shit, okay. I didn't mean for that to slip out." She still hadn't said anything. She was looking at him with those hazel eyes wide and full of shock. "What I mean is, I shouldn't have said that. It's probably too early. It is too early. But I don't regret it. I mean, I regret saying it this early. But I don't regret the words. Because I meant it, it was true." Fuck he was an idiot. He lowered his head to her shoulder and nuzzled her there. "I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable Rey." He felt her intake of breath. He held his in and waited for her reaction. Fuck, he was an idiot. "Well, that was surprising. But I can't say that it doesn't make me happy. It might sound strange but I felt a connection with you right away. I'm not saying that I'm in love with you, I'm sorry if that sounds harsh. But I think what we have, I think it could grow in to love." He could accept that, Rey felt that she could grow to love him. That's all he could really ever ask of her. For her to just give him a chance. He kissed her shoulder and looked at her sweetly. "I really like you. I want to take you out and treat you like a queen. I want you to be mine, and in return I'll be yours. Please be mine," he pleaded. "Kylo, are you asking to be exclusive?" "Yes." "Then I'm yours." Kylo finally felt as if he could breath again. Wrapping her up into his arms he whispered into her ear, "well sweetheart, we need to go shopping for some clothes for you to wear to the game tonight." "Don't be ridiculous Kylo, you can drop me by my place where I can change." He smirked at her but relented. "Fine, but there is one place I want to take you before the game. I won't take no for an answer." "And where might that be?" He gave her a devilish smile and replied, "secret." She rolled her eyes at him, and couldn't he get used to that? The look on her face, the mock annoyance. She was perfect, and she was his. *** Kylo had dressed in his nicest pair of jeans and his Blackhawks sweater. He was waiting in the car for Rey outside of the home she rented. She had mentioned her two roommates in passing, he wondered when he would get the chance to meet them. He gripped the steering wheel nervously as he waited for her. Finally she burst through her front door and leapt down the porch, making her way back to his car. She looked lovely in her tight skinny jeans and a long sleeve black shirt. Her hair was put up into those three little buns lining the back of her head. Fuck, he was in love. "So I figured we could take the L out to the United Center. I want to take you somewhere downtown first though. So we can drop my car off in the garage and walk to the train station. Is that alright with you?" "Sounds great, are you going to tell me where you are taking me?" "Nope." He smiled at her. She climbed into the passenger seat and huffed. He leaned in to kiss her lips and she melted against him. Putting the car into gear, he drove back towards his parking garage. *** They walked hand in hand down Michigan Avenue, holding their coffee cups from the brief stop at Starbucks. They were getting closer to their destination, and he wondered if she had figured it out yet. Suddenly they stopped in front of a shop with a glass door and a Blackhawks symbol on the front. "You brought me to the Blackhawks store?" She was smiling so broad, it made his heart beat faster. "Yes love, I wanted you to pick out a jersey, whichever one you want." She hugged him tightly and pecked him on the lips. "You are too good to me, you know I could just get a t shirt. I don't need a jersey." He shook his head at her. "I insist Rey." He led her into the store. They climbed the steps to the top floor, the store was filled with jerseys, sweatshirts, t shirts, and other merchandise. He held her hand as he made his way over to the jerseys. "Do you have a favorite player?" She seemed to ponder it for a moment and then answered. "I like Duncan Keith, defenseman are tough. I like tough guys." He laughed at her, if she only knew how tough he was with everyone else. He hoped she wouldn't go running for the hills. He had been told by Phasma that he had a glare of death that he would shoot at people that infuriated him. Kylo purchased the jersey for her and helped her put it on over her black shirt. They were making their way to the train station, he remembered they needed to get on the blue line. They were lucky enough to grab a seat on the train. Rey sat on his lap with her back against his chest. She was tracing her fingers along his hands. He wanted to ask her to stay again tonight, it would make sense if they would be getting out late from the game. She would be exhausted. But after his ill advised confession from earlier, he was afraid to push the issue. "Kylo?" He wrapped his arms around her waist before answering her. "Yes, Rey." "I was just wondering if it would be too much to ask, to stay over tonight. We will be getting out so late." He hushed her with a kiss to her neck. "You can stay any night you want. Know that, okay?" "Okay," she answered back with a shy smile. She could grow to love him. He would make sure of that. He looked out the window and thought about how much his life had changed, and for the first time he was excited for what would be next to unfold. Notes: Yes I was inspired by those Paterson gifs of him giving his wife those soft kisses along her body. I'm trash. Did this feel like a good conclusion or would you want more from this universe? Chapter 3 Summary: Kylo takes Rey on a date around the city. When they get back home they get a little competitive over a video game. Notes: If this chapter is horrible, I'm sorry. I struggled with some horrible writers block. Hope it isn't too bad. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "Have you ever ridden on a motorcycle before?" She was laying across the couch with her feet in his lap while reading a book on her kindle. She set the kindle aside to look up at him. "No, never. Why?" "I want to take you somewhere, but I'd really love to take you on my motorcycle. I think you'd love it." He tickled her feet. She started kicked at him while giggling, "stop Kylo stop! I'll go with you anywhere, just stop tickling my feet." "Great! Now go get dressed, sweetheart." She jumped off of his lap and walked into his bedroom to change. They had been officially dating for two weeks. She spent most of her nights over at his apartment, only going home once or twice to get more clothes and to check in with her roommates. He wasn't particularly fond of her living with two men. But when she explained that Finn and Poe were in a relationship together, the jealousy that was surging through his veins seemed to dissipate. He trusted Rey regardless, she was perfectly capable of taking care of herself. He still couldn't help his possessive nature. She walked out of his bedroom dressed in a pair of skinny jeans that hugged her ass perfectly, paired with a brown leather jacket and brown knee high boots. She looked gorgeous. "Ready to go?" He grabbed her by the waist and pecked her lips before responding, "after you." *** Rey had her arms wrapped tightly around his waist. Her breasts were pressed into his back, and god if it wasn't distracting. He had the most beautiful woman tucked tightly around him as they rode his bike back around downtown Chicago. Ben could smell wood burning somewhere off in the distance. It was just starting to cool off in late October, so people were most likely taking advantage of their fireplaces. The wind kissed his face and blew his hair, it was a both a comfort and relaxing. He placed his hand on her thigh and slowly stroked down to her knee. He kept his hand there squeezing her knee. She responding with an even tighter embrace around his waist. He felt her head nuzzle his neck. He gave her knee another squeeze before releasing it and returning to the handle bars. He parked his bike in a garage down the street from Millennium park. He wanted to take her around the city hand in hand. "You know. I've never actually seen 'the bean' and I've lived in Chicago almost all of my life," she said. He smiled at her, throwing an arm around her shoulders and holding her close. "That is perfect sweetheart, because that's the first place I'm taking you." They walked through the park, only stopping when Kylo would point out his favorite buildings among the city skyline. One thing he loved about his city was the gothic architecture that could be found amidst the newer construction. Suddenly, Rey's face brightened at the sight of the cloud gate. Or as many liked to call it, 'the bean.' He took out his phone and motioned to her that he wanted to take her picture. She struck a few poses in front of the mirrored structure, and wasn't she just adorable. Rey grabbed his hand and insisted they take a picture together. He held up his arm to get a good angle of their faces, her cheek pressed up against his neck. Her smile was radiant and he had to admit, they looked good together. They were now walking down the Chicago riverwalk. He couldn't help stealing glances at her as she took in the sights. He loved the feeling of her warm hand in his. He saw the street vendors up ahead and motioned Rey over. This particular vendor was selling one of his favorite street foods, Chicago steak sandwiches. He bagged up their sandwiches to go, he had the perfect place for them to enjoy their food. But first, he needed to call an Uber. *** The Uber dropped them off at Grant park. Kylo took off his black leather jacket and placed it on the grassy hill for him and Rey to sit on. From here you could see the entire city skyline, and behind them you could see Lake Michigan. It was one of his favorites spots in the city. He handed Rey her sandwich and pulled out his own. She took a bite and moaned at the taste, and that did things to him. He couldn't get over how wonderful she was. They were laying on their backs in the grass having finished their lunch. He held her hand in his and brought it to his mouth so he could lay kisses on her knuckles. Their heads were pressed close together, foreheads almost touching. He could get lost in her hazel eyes. She brought her other hand around his neck to sink into his hair. She was a siren, and he couldn't resist her call. Unable to resist the temptation any longer, he closed the distance and kissed her pink lips. Perfect, she's perfect, he thought as he deepened the kiss pressing his tongue along the seam of her mouth. She opened up allowing him entrance. He licked inside her mouth, pressing his tongue along hers. Her tongue was silky and soft. He pulled away and eyed her suggestively, "want to go back now?" "Let's get out of here," she replied. *** The walk back to the parking garage was a lot longer than he had anticipated. Rey was utterly exhausted once they had gotten back to his apartment. He sent her off to his bed to take a nap while he made some calls for work. Kylo was on his couch in sweatpants and a t-shirt with the controller to his Wii U in his lap. He was playing Mario Kart, which was one of his favorite games growing up. Rey had been napping for a couple of hours now. He had checked on her fifteen minutes prior. She was laying in the center of his bed with an arm flung over her eyes. The blankets were tangled around her waist. He would never tire of the sight of her in his bed. He had silently closed the door and returned to the living room. Now he was mindlessly playing his video game when he felt arms reach around his neck from behind him. Pausing the game, he grabbed on to her arm with one of his hands and leaning his head back against her shoulder. "Hey sweetheart, did you enjoy your nap?" "Mmhmm, are you playing video games?" He felt his cheeks turn pink as he admitted that he indeed was playing video games. "Perfect, can I play too?" "Of course. Let me go grab the other controller." "No don't get up, I'll get it." She had replied as she made her way around the couch. She was wearing nothing but one of his t-shirts and her panties. He fidgeted on the couch, just looking at her like that was making him react. She bent over to get the controller from the entertainment center giving him a nice view of her ass in those tiny panties. He quickly pressed down on his crouch with the palm of his hand. Now was not the time to get aroused. She sauntered over and sat directly on top of his crouch with her back against his chest. "You are totally going down, babe." "Oh you're on," he replied. He won the first race and her little pout was the cutest thing he had ever seen. She insisted that they go again, and there was a mischievous glint in her eyes that told him to be cautious. She was planning something. They started the next race. He felt her start to wiggle her ass in tiny circles, damn her. She continued to grind against him and he felt himself getting harder. This was hardly fair. He then felt her sneak a hand down and unzip his pants pulling his hard cock out. She stroked him a few times before moving her panties aside and sinking on top of him. "Fuck, Rey." He started thrusting into her slowly at first, while still trying to concentrate on the race. She was a lovely distraction. "You little minx." She laughed as she concentrated on the obstacle. He had lost all interest in the game, dropping the controller to the couch. He pulled her shirt above her breasts and started massaging one. His other hand found its way into her panties and started rubbing in swift circles on her clit. He circled her nipple with his thumb while sucking bruises into her neck. "You're a little cheater, sweetheart. So competitive. You'll do anything to win, huh." She crossed the finish line and smirked at him over her shoulder. "I win." Kylo pulled the controller out of her hand and threw it on the couch, attacking her mouth. He kissed her like he wanted to devour her. He grabbed her hips and gently lifted her off of him. The next second he had her thrown over his shoulder and making his was to his bedroom. He stripped her of her shirt before tossing her onto the bed. Rey shimmied out of her panties while he removed his shirt. Kylo crawled over to her on his hands and knees. Rey jumped up pushing his shoulder back until he was sitting back on his haunches. It was her turn to crawl over to him, the sight of her made him even more aroused. She sauntered over to him like a cat stalking her prey. "Let's get you out of those pants," she said, as she groped his ass through his sweatpants. He moaned involuntarily, but let her make quick work of his pants. She gasped at his lack of underwear. "What? It's comfortable." "I'm not complaining," she replied. He pushed her onto her back letting her sink into the pillows at the top of the bed. He settled his body on top of her and kissed her lips then continued to trail kisses down her jaw and neck. He kissed between her breasts and down her stomach until he reached the apex of her thighs. He kissed her mound before moving lower to suck her nub between his lips. "Oh baby, you are so good with your mouth," she gasped out between moans. The little sounds she was making only served to encourage him further. He licked between her folds before seizing her clit again. He snuck a finger inside of her, curling it to stroke that special spot inside of her. She bucked uncontrollably into his face. He resorted to using his other arm to hold her hips still. She started to quiver beneath him, her little breaths coming out faster. He felt the fluttering sensation on his fingers as her pussy clenched hard. He pulled his fingers out and sucked them clean before settling back on top of her. He balanced on his elbows, with his hips slotted between her thighs. Her arms were wrapped around his back and clinging on to his neck. A peck on the lips and an admission. "I love you Rey." "I know," she replied. "I love you too." "What? Really?" He was pleasantly surprised by her own admission. "Yes. I love you." He groaned as he rolled his hips against hers allowing him to sink deep inside her. "Say it again." "I love you Kylo." He kissed her again with all the passion he could summon. This perfect woman loves him. She loves him. He thrusted a few more times before he found his own release. He pulled out of her but gathered her into his arms. He kissed her brow and closed his eyes settling his head on the pillows. "Kylo?" "Yes sweetheart?" "When can I meet your family." He opened his eyes wide, of course she would want to meet his family. She had told him that she never knew her family. She grew up in foster care. How could he explain to her that there was a rift between them that hadn't been repaired. He could make the effort, if only for her. "Sweetheart, it may be a little while. But I would love for my family to meet you." She smiled brightly at him and closed her eyes. "Go to sleep Kylo," she whispered into his neck. He held her close as he thought about the phone call he would have to make soon, the call to his mother. Notes: This chapter is dedicated to my reylo twin Shwtlee. She really wanted to see this artwork by Pissbabysithlord in written form http://pissbabysithlord.tumblr.com/post/155914198502/reylo-playing-video-games-and-reys-beating-kylo Check out the artwork because it's fantastic! Chapter 4 Summary: Rey and Kylo have their first fight. Notes: This chapter deals with anxiety and depression which are both disorders that I suffer from. This story will have a happy ending, I promise. But our poor Kylo has to go through some things. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was only a matter of time before they had their first fight, and he was an idiot. It all started a few months prior when she finally introduced him to the men that lived with her. He couldn't help the death stare that graced his face as the two of them hugged her and touched her in a way he felt was far too intimate to be platonic. He let those suspicions fester, terrified that if he brought it up that she would leave him for being an insecure prick. Wasn't he though. They didn't like him, he hardly made a good impression. His Rey felt conflicted. She wanted her best friends to like him, and he had royally fucked that up. He vowed to himself that he would make a better effort. Anything for his Rey. He was deep inside her thrusting in time with the pulse of her heartbeat. He interlaced their fingers and brought their joined hands beside either side of her head. He laid gentle kisses across her collarbone and his heart was about to explode with the amount of love he felt for her. His hair tickled her neck and he felt as she sunk her fingers in, grasping handfuls and pulling his head off of her chest to kiss him on the lips. They both came simultaneously and he couldn't help his confession of, "I love you, I love you, I love you." Then came her response, the one that stung and crushed his heart more with every time she resorted to it, "I know." Ever since that first confession, she had never said it again. He wondered if she regretted it. If she’d said "I love you" in the heat of the moment. She could never love him, he began to realize. He pulled out of her and collapsed beside her in a heap, rolling over on his side to hide the disappointment on his face at the realization. She didn’t love him. "What's wrong," she asked with worry written in her bright hazel eyes. Why couldn't she love him? Why wasn't he capable of being loved? He’d never really dated before he met Rey, and that was to protect him from this heartache. No one ever wanted to be with him. They wanted him for his money. He has fallen under her spell, was his love for her enough to satisfy him? Could he live with that? Would she get bored and up and leave him, shattered and picking up the pieces? He felt himself falling into that hole again. That deep, dark, depressive hole that he had dug himself out of years prior. "Nothing sweetheart, nothing's wrong," he lied. He couldn't risk losing her, even if it killed him when she inevitably would grow tired of him, and leave him. He held her tight as he rested his head across her breast. He tried to keep his emotions in check but one traitorous tear escaped and landed on her chest. She just held him and stroked her fingers through his hair. *** Rey was at school, she was going for her Masters in history. She was so intelligent, he really loved her thirst for knowledge. That sinking feeling inside of him began to eat away at his heart. He felt cold and closed off. Worthless, like he couldn't do anything right. She deserved better. She deserved someone that wasn't a fuck up, someone that could be happy. Not someone that couldn't pull himself out of the depression. Not someone that didn't even have a reason to be depressed. His life was good, he had a good job, great friends, and the best girlfriend he could have ever asked for. So why did he feel so dark? Why couldn't he just be happy? She deserved better than him, but he was a selfish man. He couldn’t let her go. The one good constant in his life. He called Phasma, he needed a fresh perspective. Someone that didn't sugar coat his situation and wouldn't be afraid to tell him what he needed to hear. "Fuck Kylo, you can't go down that path again," Phasma said. "I know Phas, I just feel so worthless right now." He was holding back the tears that threatened to spill. He had stopped taking the meds after meeting Rey. He was happier than he had ever been in his entire life, because of her. He didn't think he would need them any longer. How wrong he was. "Are you still on Lexapro?" His silence was the answer he couldn't bring himself to admit. "You idiot. Why would you stop? You knew the last time you went off the meds you sunk into a deep depression. It took everything in me to get you to the doctor and get you the help you needed. Now don't make me call for you. Call your doctor." "Alright, alright. I will." They ended the call. His fingers hovered over the number to his doctor. Dr. Kanata. He turned his phone off and placed it in his pocket. The anxiety eating away at his insides. He would call later. Just the thought of making that call made him sick to his stomach. Perhaps later he would feel better about it. *** Rey was on the phone with Finn in the other room. He wasn't meaning to eavesdrop but he heard what she said into the phone. "I love you too, Finn." She loves Finn? She can tell Finn that she loves him but she has issues telling him? He was fuming and trying to hold in his hurt. She loves him? That traitor. How could she love Finn? He knocked over the lamp causing it to shatter on the cement floor of his apartment. Rey came rushing out to see what had happened. "Kylo, what happened? What's wrong?" He looked at her with pain in his heart. He had kept this in for far too long. He needed to know for sure how she felt. "You love him?" She gaped at him and seethed with anger. "You were listening to my private conversation? Who do you think you are? You don't own me." "Oh Rey, I'm well aware of that. I overhead you telling him what you can't ever tell me. The only time you ever told me that was after sex. How do you think that makes me feel?" "The first time you told me that was after sex," she retorted. "That's different Rey, I tell you all the time. I love you more than anything and anyone but you can't even say it to me. You regretted it, I can tell." "That's not true," she stammered. "I do. I just, I can't talk about this right now." She started grabbing for her purse and made to move towards the door. He grabbed her arm roughly. "We're not done yet," he yelled. "Is this a game to you? Are you in this because it's fun? Because I have money and I buy you things? Is that it Rey? Is it fun to watch me hopelessly in love with you when you don't return those feelings?" "Fuck you," she cried as she slapped him across the face leaving him alone in his apartment. Shit. He had lost her, he had really lost her this time. He began to panic as he chased after her. "Rey, Rey, sweetheart wait." She turned around and glared at him. He never knew she could look at him with such venom. He had truly hurt her, he was an idiot. "I need some space, you’re suffocating me," she replied. "Suffocating you? Rey, what?" "Yes suffocating Kylo. I can't get a moment of peace without you clinging to me. I can't hang out with my roommates without you staring daggers at them. They are gay Kylo, Jesus. You shouldn't be threatened by them." He felt like he had been slapped by her again. He knew that his reaction towards her roommates was irrational, but that didn't stop the jealously from swirling in his gut. "Wait, Rey. Please, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it. I really didn't." "You may be sorry that you said it, but obviously you feel that way Kylo. I can't even look at you right now." "Wait, I'm sorry. I'm an idiot, and I'm just... I'm just... insecure. Please Rey." "I can't do this right now Kylo." "Rey, wait please. Please let me explain." She relented and crossed her arms over her chest and looked at him with pain and annoyance written on her face. "I have... intrusive thoughts. All the time. It's irrational, and I'm sorry. I should have thought before I spoke. I should have realized that it was the anxiety talking. Please sweetheart, let's go back upstairs." She sighed and grabbed him behind the neck to pull him down in a kiss. "I do love you Kylo. Please know that, but I need some time." His heart was breaking, he had hurt her. He had hurt his Rey. He watched her walk away from him. He hoped he could make it up to her. He had to prove to her that he was worthy of her. *** It had been a week. Every night he texted her before bed to let her know he loved her. She never returned those texts. He hadn't heard anything from her. She really needed space from him. Having knowledge of that prospect hurt. He needed her, but she didn't need him. He took leave from work. The clubs were up and running, they didn't need him breathing down their necks. And at the moment, he didn't feel like getting out of his bed. He couldn't bring himself to eat more than one meal a day, leaving his bed to eat leftover pizza and sinking back into the blankets. His safe haven. A knock on his door woke him from his deep sleep. His room was dark with the black-out curtains drawn closed. He didn't even know what time it was. He jumped out of bed hoping that it was Rey at the other side of the door. Before opening the door, he tried to smooth down his tangled mess of hair to no avail. After admitting defeat he opened the door to find Phasma. "Oh. Hey." "Pleased to see you too, you look like shit." "Thanks," he replied with a bite to his words. She walked past him and gave him that look that told him she wasn't taking any shit from him. "I'm assuming by the state of your attire and the circles under your eyes, that you haven't heeded my advice and called your fucking doctor. Why haven't you Kylo?" He sighed and collapsed on his couch with his hands over his eyes. "I fucked up Phas, I lost her." "Kylo, we aren't talking about that right now. She still loves you, trust me for once. But right now you need to call your doctor. I'm not leaving your apartment until you do. I will move in here Kylo, don't even try me. Call your doctor." "Fine," he said while grabbing his phone. He excused himself, shutting the door to his bedroom for some privacy while he made the call. He listened as the phone rang on the other end before an older accented voice answered. "Ben Solo." Well that's a name he hadn't heard in a while. "Dr. Kanata." "To what do I owe the pleasure?" He sucked in a breath before responding. "I was hoping to come in for a therapy session, and to get my prescription refilled." "Ben, you haven't been to therapy in over a year, and now you’re off your medication? You know well enough that you need to be doing either one or the other. Never neither. Hold on one second." He heard her shifting around on the other side of the phone. "Okay, I have my calendar up now. When is the best time for you to come in?" He scheduled an appointment and hung up, putting the date into his calendar on his phone. Phasma was waiting on his couch with her hand out palm facing up. "Here." He handed her the phone. She checked his recent calls to make sure he indeed had called Dr. Kanata. She smiled briefly before returning him his phone and hugging him. "We will get through this, Kylo." "Mmmhmm," he replied. "Alright, take a shower and get dressed. I'm taking you out to lunch, and I'm not taking no for an answer. Get moving." "Alright, alright," he acquiesced. He thought about Rey and what he could possibly do to win her back. The first step was to get the help he needed, and then he would make it up to her. He wanted to see her hazel eyes, to kiss those pink lips. He missed her and he wondered if she missed him as well. He thought intently about what he could do to win back her affections. It came to him suddenly, about three months ago she had asked to meet his family. He hadn't made that call yet. He wanted to, for her. Maybe now would be the right time. The thought of calling his mother after everything that had happened made him want to vomit, but he would do it for Rey. He would do anything for Rey. Maybe this was his way of proving to her that he was worthy. He could only hope. Notes: Thank you Perry Downing for being my beta for this chapter and for talking this out with me. Blame Perry for the angst lol! Kidding. Chapter 5 Summary: Kylo goes to therapy and deals with the side effects of his new medication Notes: We get a flashback scene in this chapter. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The nervous jiggling of his foot knocking against the chair was a distraction from the eerily quiet waiting room. He had tried to make any excuse not to come here. It was a blizzard, or he really should be checking in on one of the clubs, or his car really needed to be looked at before driving in the snow. But Phasma wasn't having any of it. She arrived at his apartment on the day of his appointment with coffee and a bagel that she shoved into his hands. "I'm driving," she told him. She had dropped him off in front of the therapist office and promised to pick him up once he was done. And that's how he ended up here in the waiting room, nervously checking his watch or glancing at his phone to give his hands something to do. He opened up his texts to view the last that had been said between him and Rey. He hadn't seen her since their fight, but she did finally text him back to let him know how she was doing. She wanted to talk to him, but she told him she wasn't quite ready to see him yet. Apparently she still needed more time, which he found ridiculous. Hadn't it been long enough? He hadn't seen her warm smile in almost two weeks. He hasn't been able to wrap his arms around her lithe body or hear her sweet voice in what felt like forever. He missed waking up in her arms, in her comforting embrace. He missed their conversations in the darkness of his bedroom. Holding hands under the covers and speaking in soft whispers about anything. About everything . He missed the smell of her hair, the flowery shampoo scent that she showered with. He missed how she would wake him up with a peck on the lips. He missed her bright smile and her little giggles when he said something she thought was funny. Overall, he missed her. He wanted her back in his life. If that meant he had to be alone for a little while, because its what she needs, then he will suffer through it. Anything for his Rey. He glanced at the pictures he has saved on his phone. His background is a picture of Rey at the Blackhawks game. His seats are right at the glass at center ice. The picture is of Rey with her thumbs up as one of the players on the other team was checked into the glass. He can't help the grin that comes across his face. That was their first date official date. He hoped he would have the opportunity to take her on more dates. He mentally started listing off places he would like to take her. "Ben Solo, Dr. Kanata will see you now." Thoughts interrupted, he quickly pocketed his phone as he was led back to Dr. Kanata's office. *** The small older woman seated behind her desk looked up as Kylo entered the room. It had been a little over a year since he had been to therapy. "Ben," she said as she stood up to walk around the desk. The tiny woman gave him a quick hug before continuing, "It's so good to see you again. So what brings you back to therapy?" Kylo rubbed his hands nervously up and down his thighs as he searched for the right words. "I thought I was okay, my anxiety and depression were under control. My life, it seemed to actually be on track for the first time. I stopped taking the pills, because I thought I was okay. I thought I was normal and that I could cope with this on my own." Kylo looked down at his hands shamefully. Ashamed at the fact that he can't function like a normal person without the aid of pills. Ashamed that he is a prisoner in his own mind. Always with the push and pull, the constant battle against irrationality and complete hopelessness. He would never be normal. A memory of his father came to mind. The accusations, the misunderstandings, and the blame. "I just don't understand why you can't be happy Ben? What do you even have to be sad about? There are so many people that have it worse off than you. If you really wanted to be happy you would do something about it." He never tried to explain himself, what would it matter? In they eyes of his father, he was an anomaly, and that's all he would ever be. Later that night Ben hesitantly crept down the stairs to listen to his parents heated argument. He hid behind the doorframe. "He's just not normal Leia. He's nothing like me, how am I supposed to understand him?" "Will you be quiet, what if he hears you? Your his father for gods sake, you find something to bond with him over." "The kid needs help Leia. I can't help him. I just wish he were normal." "How can you say that Han? There is nothing wrong with our boy." "You are never here Leia, too busy with your politics to see what I see. Send him to your brother. He should know how to deal with him." "I guess I can call Luke. I still don't like the idea of sending him away though." "Just talk to Luke." Ben heard the clomping of footsteps and the slam of the front door. He remembers the aching feeling of rejection. They didn't want him. He was too troubled, too fucked in the head, and they just sent him away, like a misbehaved puppy. The gentle voice of Dr. Kanata brought him back to the present. "What is normal anyway? Normal is boring. No, you are something else. You are extraordinary. You along with so many others are dealing with mental illness. Remember that you are not alone, you are never alone in this." He nodded his agreement. Even if he didn't see the truth in her words, it was reassuring to hear them. "There is nothing wrong with taking medication. I'm going to prescribe you Lexapro again, that one worked well for you last time didn't it?" "Yes, yes it worked well." "Do you want to talk about anything specific? Your triggers?" "Well, you know from my past that change is a contributing factor to my anxiety. With my parents- well you know how that situation went. I like my routine, I like the comfort of knowing what to expect. I like to have everything organized in the way that I'm used to. It makes me feel secure." Dr. Kanata nodded her head and replied, "That is a normal reaction given your background. Being ripped from a life you had grown accustomed to and having to start over somewhere unfamiliar. Have there been some changes in your life that could be stirring up these feelings of abandonment?" "Yes and no," he said. "So who's the girl?" Kylo's head snapped up to attention. What? How could she possibly know? She chuckled as she pointed to his phone that he didn't even realize he was thumbing in his hands. His background image was staring back at him. A bright smile crossed his face. "That's Rey. She's perfect." Dr. Kanata smiled back at him. "Would you like to talk more about her?" "Yes, yes I really would." *** "Which pharmacy is your prescription being sent to? I'll drive you there," Phasma said. He was just opening the car door and sliding into his seat. The warm heat of the car was a welcome change to the frigid temperatures outside that had numbed his face. "Walgreens on East Eerie." *** Back at his apartment, Kylo sat outside on his balcony with his back against the sliding glass door. The wind was excruciating, freezing and biting into his bones. He didn't care, it helped to ground him. It made him actually feel something. He held the crumpled package of his prescription in his lap. In his other hand was the little glass of scotch he brought out with him. He looked at it before knocking it back. The liquid burned his throat. He reluctantly rose from the ground to go back inside. It was far too cold to stay out there any longer. He shuffled the snow off of his boots before leaving them by the door. He tossed the glass into the sink, not caring when he heard it shatter. His body was still chilled from the frigid weather outside. Kylo headed towards his shower, the hot water would held to warm his body and clear his thoughts. Closing the door to the bathroom he undressed and placed his clothing in the hamper. He started the shower making the setting to the hottest it would go. He pulled the glass door of the shower open and climbed into the large space. The water pressure in his shower was harsh. The water beat down relentlessly on his head and shoulders. He quickly washed his hair and body. Sometimes, Kylo couldn't believe how fucking stupid he could be. Accusing Rey the way he had. Losing her because of his irrational fucking brain. Angry with himself he began punching the wall over and over until his knuckles bleed. The water stung the wounds and he watched as his blood swirled down the drain. He turned the water off and grabbed a towel hanging outside of the shower. He wrapped the towel around his waist and walked to his bedroom. Rifled through his dresser to find a long sleeve black shirt and a pair of dark grey sweatpants. He made his way over to the fireplace, grabbing the logs stacked next to the hearth. He always enjoyed using the fireplace. He loved the smell of the burnt wood and the sound of the crackling fire. It was comforting, like a lovers embrace. Like Rey. Pathetic . Worthless . No wonder she isn't talking to you or seeing you. Kylo felt his thoughts grow darker and more loathsome. He checked the time and saw that it was 8:30 p.m. Might as well go ahead and take his pill. He pushed himself off of the ground and grabbed the prescription package off of the kitchen counter. He tore into the package and fingered the container of pills. With a glass of water in his hand and the pill bottle in the other, he walked swiftly to his bedroom. He opened the pill bottle and took out one white, round pill. He popped it into his mouth and took a swig of water to wash it down. 10 mg once daily would be his new routine. He left the pill bottle on his nightstand. Grabbing a blanket from his bed, he walked back to the living room and curled up on his couch. His mind was racing and he really needed to have a distraction. He grabbed the remote and turned on the tv. Maybe a Netflix marathon would suffice. Rey had mentioned watching a new Netflix show with him, Stranger Things . He wanted to wait for her to watch it though, so he browsed his queue for something that would entertain him. He selected something called Broadchurch and settled into the cushions of the couch. *** Three days had passed, and the medications side effects were starting to show; loss of appetite, insomnia, and nausea. He often found himself waking up at three in the morning; blankets bunched up around his legs, tossing and turning until he had to be up in the morning. It's for the best. The medicine will start to work soon; these things take time. He felt like he was moving in slow motion. Everything was foggy and out of focus. He couldn't even remember what he had done the past few days. He had returned to work, he knew that much. The specifics seemed to escape him. He checked his watch. It was 8:30 and that meant it was time for his dosage. While in his bedroom taking his pill, he heard a knock on the door. Annoyance ran through him at the intrusion. Who could possibly be at the door at this time? Phasma was surely at the bar, Rey wasn't talking to him, and no one else would disturb him at his home without good reason. He walked towards the door with purpose. "What," he yelled gruffly as he swung open the front door. His eyes widened in shock at the sight of Rey standing in the doorway. "Hi," she said meekly. "Rey, sweetheart?" He wanted to tell her everything. How sorry he was and how he was getting help, but the words refused to form in his mouth. Instead he grabbed her around the waist and pulled her against his chest. He buried his face in her hair inhaling her sweet scent. "I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry Rey," he cried into her shoulder. She lifted his head off of her shoulder in order to look into his eyes. He felt her use her thumb to wipe away the tears before leaning in to press a kiss to his lips. "I'm sorry too Kylo. I'm ready to talk now, if you are." "Yes sweetheart, anything. Anything." He grabbed her hands as he led her inside. "Do you want something to drink or eat?" She shook her head. She was being awfully quiet, he noticed. His mind suddenly flashed with all the possibilities of her silence. Was she still hurt? Was she about to end this? Oh god, was she about to leave him, for good? "Kylo we need to talk." His heart dropped at the tone in her voice, it could only mean one thing. He hoped he was wrong. Notes: Change is a trigger for my anxiety, I thought it fit well with what happened to Ben Solo in canon. I'm sorry if Han and Leia seem like awful parents. They were neglectful in tfa, but when you translate that to a modern au they come off as so much worse. Sorry about the cliffhanger. I will say, right now Kylo is dealing with a lot of paranoia. This story is written in his POV so keep that in mind <3 Notes: This will probably be a two shot. I have plans to write about their next day. Whoops there's plot. Chaptered fic now. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Neon Lights series