Snow. That was all you saw when you looked out the window in your connected office. Sometimes it snowed slow, other times it seemed like it was a blizzard out there. Snow was the only constant about your job. Everything was unruly and disorderly about your job. Never a dull moment in the First Order. Sure, your job was menial and out of danger, but that's how you liked it. No liability, no chance of death. Right? Wrong. Every day you got your daily brush with death. Commander Ren, shrowed in his emo aura, visited General Hux's office regularlly. When he walked into your office, slamming the door usually, it's been replaced five god damn times now thank you..., to angrily stride into his office.You wished your offices weren't connected. It was tiring watching an angry emo going to complain to Hux. This time was different. When he walked into your connected office, he had his lightsaber drawn. The crackling of the untamed blade made you interested. You watched the sparks fly off the saber. You wondered how he'd fashioned the saber to look like a sword. ' How'd he get the cross guard part? Do they even come like that or was he trying to be edgy? I can see it now, "Moooom! You don't understand my pain..."' You thought in your head, snickering softly. As if he read your mind, Commander Ren turned in your direction. His expressionless mask locked onto your face. With a loud gulp, you blushed a violent red and put your head down to continue typing away at your tablet. Even as you worked, you felt his eyes trained on you. With the clunk of his boots, he was directly in front of your desk. "Is Hux in?" he asked you, the transmitter in his mask garggling his voice. "No Sir, Hux is in a meeting with the Supreme Leader at the moment." Ren seemed suprised at yoir voice. You spoke with an even tone. You rolled your eyes internally. ' Not everyone is afraid of a man with emotional issues.' "Have you any idea when he will return?" he asked you, clearly annoyed. Maybe he really could read your thoughts. "I was not informed of his return, I'm sorry Sir. You are more than welcome to wait in his office if you would like." He simply grunted and clunked past you in interal rage. ' You'd think someone stepped on his god damn puppy.' You rubbed your temples in frustration. This work day could not be over sooner. ~*~*~Time Skip~*~*~ Work was frustrating. Your door had to be replaced for the sixth time. Obviously whatever General Hux and Commander Ren spoke about did not turn out how the Commander wanted. "I can't believe they would put a child in charge of such a large empire..." you said aloud to no one in particular not that you even had anyone to tell. You stripped yourself of your uniform and hung them off a chair, too tired to open your closet. After a quick shower, you climbed into bed and fell asleep after a few minutes. Your dreams were of little interest. In fact you didn't even have any that night... Chapter 2 : Challenging Day Off Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Once the morning came around, you opened your eyes immediately. You stretched and looked at the time. 9:48a.m. You smiled at the digital clock and swung your legs over the edge of your twin bed. A day off. A day to yourself. A day to relax. Getting a day off in the First Order was a rare occasion. Due to your " oustanding" work, General Hux had given you a day off. "Thank. You. Hux." You said to yourself slowly. With a scratch of your head, you got up and threw on domestic clothes. Black jeans, a black t-shirt, and black sneakers. This is what the First Order called "domestic." It wasn't colorful enough for your tastes, but it was much more comfortable than a pencil skirt, a button up, and boots. You walked your way down to the Mess Hall, standing in line to get your breakfast. You noticed a few glares in your direction due to your clothes. 'H eh...Suckers.' With your tray in hand, you strided over to a table near a window. You didn't feel the need to sit with anyone. In fact, you welcomed being alone. Most of the people on board the Starkiller Base were stuck up and stiff anyway. Halfway through your breakfast, your thoughts travelled back to work. 'Poor Hux. I wonder if he's surviving without me. All that paperwo-PAPERWORK. Holy shit I forgot to give him the paperwork from yesterday!' As if a grenade was dropped in front of your, you threw your half eaten breakfast in the trash and ran back to your room. "Oh no...Hux is gonna be so mad. Can kiss another day off good bye," you grumbled as you scrounged around for the files of paperwork you forgot to hand into him before you left. "Ahah! Victory!" With paperwork in hand, you made your way to Hux's office. You had hoped he wasn't there but as soon as you opened the door to your office, you saw the light to his was on. 'Do I ever get a break? Nooooo, of course Hux is there. Wonder what punishment I'll get on this one.' Before entering his office, you took a deep breath and knocked softly. You opened the door just enough to poke your head and looked in the direction of his desk. He looked up from his work and at your direction. "Ahh, Miss (L/N), what are you doing here on your day off?" "I uhh, forgot to turn some paperwork in yesterday before I left. It was somewhat important and I wanted to make sure you didn't tear through the office looking for it," you told him, stepping and laughing awkwardly. "Very well, being it here." He extended his hand to you and you immediately raced forward to place the bane of your exsistance in his awaiting hand. When you turned to go, Hux stopped you. "Not so fast (L/N)." 'Shiiiiiiiit, here it comes.' "Yes General?" "Stay here a moment please," he said, not looking up from the work you just gave him. You waited patiently while he thumbed through the file. Once he was finished, he looked up at you, his facw unemotional yet stern. "I do appreciate you bringing this in on your day off, but I have to say that maybw the reward has gone to your head." At his words, your shoulders slumped slightly. "This is maybe the third time this has happened and the first two were when you first started. As punishment for your mistake, I am--" But you never heard your punishment. Before Hux could finish, Commander Ren burst through his office door, growling like some psychotic nut case. General Hux looked his way, clearly annoyed. 'Oh my stars. I don't think I'll evee say this again, but thank GOD for emotional jerks!' "Commander..." Hux said with venom in his words. "What can I help you with?" You could feel the tension in the room. You could through it with even the dullest knife. "Armitage, the Supreme Leader is requesting our presence. He believes the First Order's work is going bumpier than we had informed him." Though his voice was garggled by his mask, you could hear the frustration and anger in his voice. "I will be with you in a minute Commander, I'm busy with dicipline at the moment." 'Looks like he didn't foget about me. Thanks for that fuck face Ren.' "How is diciplining your petty assistant more important than meetinf with the Supreme Leader?" Ren quipped back to Hux. "If I ease up on anyone just once, subordinates will think they can walk all over the First Order. I am tired of your commanding Ren! You will not and cannot treat me--" "I WILL TREAT YOU HOW I SEE FIT GENERAL!" Kylo drew his lightsaber in that moment and began to hack away at your superior's wall. You simply stood and watched. More entranced than terrified. 'How can one man? thing? being? Yeah works. being hold so much anger? So much raw power?' When Commander Ren finished his temper tantrum, Hux excused you from his office. You thanked Kylo in your thoughts and went on with your day. Though you tried not to, your mind continually went back to the masked being's outburst. You couldn't deny yourself how much more you wanted to see. Notes: Hope you all enjoy ^^