‘This is utterly absurd.’ General Hux’s voice rang out in the cavernous hologram chamber. His outline was striking as he stood straight and proud; one hand resting behind his back, the other gesturing to the figure standing next to him. ‘I refuse to have my men be at the juvenile whims of a gang of-’ ‘I suggest you watch your words, General.’ Kylo Ren’s threat crackled low and dangerous from his helmet. His black cloak was ragged, but it hung around his shoulders like the wings of a looming bird of death. ‘You cannot possibly comprehend the power of the Knights of Ren, nor the intricacies of the Force.’ His seemingly eyeless gaze stared down Hux, whose icy green eyes glared back and full of contempt. ‘Enough.’ Supreme Leader Snoke sounded almost bored even in his giant holographic form. ‘General, all of your resources are to be made available to the Knights of Ren when completing missions for the good of the First Order.’ Hux nodded, keeping composure. ‘I understand that, Supreme Leader. Everything I do is for the glory of the First Order. However there are other concerns at present. Civil unrest on one of the planets recently liberated from the Republic by the First Order requires all of our available forces.’ ‘Are your men so incompetent that they cannot handle a rabble-filled Outer Rim outpost? Clearly your Stormtrooper program is as lacking as you are,’ Ren kept needling at him. ‘Droids or clones would be a better option than your men. They are entirely replaceable, as are you.’ Hux clenched his teeth, Ren had hit one of the sore spots and the other man knew it. ‘Without the resources of those planets,’ he hissed, ‘we will not be able to get a foothold in the Outer Rim, nor complete Starkiller Base.’ ‘That is your concern, General, not mine.’ Hux resisted the urge to scoff at Ren’s narrow-mindedness. ‘Will it be your problem when the Resistance forces led by your mother overwhelm us because the weapon wasn’t complete in time? Or is that what you're hoping will happen?’ Silence hung leaden in the air between them. Kylo Ren’s hand inched towards his lightsaber. ‘Kylo Ren’s loyalty has never been in question, at least as far as I am aware.’ Snoke fixed his knight with a cold hard stare that made even Hux, with his complete and utter lack of Force sensitivity, shiver from the dark force of it. The Supreme Leader continued, ‘General, how is the progress of the weapon?’ Hux stepped forward slightly, but kept an eye on Ren at his side as if ready for some sort of attack. ‘It is progressing ahead of schedule, Supreme Leader. All preliminary testing of the weapon’s power cells have proven successful.’ ‘Good. Tell me more. Kylo Ren, you are dismissed for now.’ Snoke waved a hand, ushering the knight to leave. Ren seemed to puff up with anger. ‘Supreme Leader, my mission-’ ‘Is not time sensitive, and can wait until the First Order’s hold in the Outer Rim is more secure. Go, leave us.’ Kylo Ren seemed to be about to say more, but stopped himself. The knight turned sharply, Hux had to fight to not flinch, and stalked out of the chamber, radiating ferocity as he went. ‘General.’ It was only then that Hux realised that he had been staring after the retreating knight. He corrected himself and straightened up to give his full report. The corridor was empty and Hux’s sharp footsteps echoed as he strode down it, silently fuming about the audience. He balled his hands into fists at his sides. This couldn’t go on much longer, it was becoming unbearable. A split second of a pulse of emotion sent his was Hux’s only warning before an arm reached out of an open doorway and pulled Hux in. He ignored his immediately instinct to reach for his hidden blaster as he was pulled against a firm chest, arms moving to encircle his waist. Instead he reached up a hand around the slightly taller man’s neck and pulled him in for a long, slow, kiss that melted all of the tension out of Hux’s body. Without his helmet or gloves Kylo Ren was softer, more human. He was the person that Hux preferred; still powerful, there was nothing that could diminish that, but no longer restricted by Snoke or hidden behind a grotesque facade and playing at being his grandfather when he could be so much more than an imitation. ‘I’m sorry,’ Kylo whispered, pressing kiss after kiss to Hux’s hair. ‘I’m sorry, I’m sorry. I’m sorry I called you replaceable. I didn’t mean a word of it. You could never be replaceable. You are so perfect, so beautiful. I’m so sorry.’ ‘It’s alright,’ Hux said softly, relaxing into the embrace as Kylo continued to mutter words of comfort. He turned his head and tucked it into the crook of Kylo’s neck. He could smell sweat, cloth, and the slightly burnt smell of Kylo’s lightsaber. ‘I’m sorry too; I shouldn’t have mentioned your mother.’ The embrace tightened. ‘I hate this,’ Kylo muttered. Hux gave a mirthless chuckle. ‘So do I, I hate it so much, but I hate him manipulating our lives even more. Besides, it’s necessary for our plans.’ Kylo rolled his eyes at Hux and his constant need for plans, but the General pulled him in for another kiss. It soon became heated, Kylo slipping his tongue past Hux’s lips to explore his mouth beyond. Hux pulled at Kylo’s collar and moved to kiss and lightly bite at Kylo’s jaw and exposed neck. Kylo hummed with satisfaction, but pulled back. That would have to wait until they could be properly alone in Hux’s quarters later. There was too much risk to these quick moments, but their play acting for Snoke’s benefit took so much out of both of them. With one last kiss to Hux’s lips, Kylo settled them back into holding each other. ‘He doesn’t suspect a thing. He believes that we are still fighting for his approval like dogs over scraps. If we continue displaying open hostility in public, we can do it.’ ‘We can.’ Hux pulled back slightly and narrowed his eyes at Kylo. ‘However, sometimes your acting may be a little overzealous. For example, is it entirely needed for you to destroy First Order property in fits of anger?’ Kylo at least looked contrite. ‘I have been trying not to.’ ‘I know, and I appreciate it.’ Hux rested a hand on Kylo’s face, running his thumb along the mole dotted cheekbone. ‘As soon as the weapon is finished, we will wipe out the Republic, the Resistance, the Jedi...’ ‘And then?’ Kylo asked, hopeful. Hux smiled, slow and satisfied. ‘And then, my dearest, we will wipe out Snoke in one grand strike, and take what is rightfully ours.’ ‘You will rule.’ He’d talked about what he’d seen, on long nights tangled together after intense sex left their bodies limp and their hearts racing. Hux, enthroned and shining for all the galaxy to see and adore the way that Kylo did. ‘We will rule,’ Hux corrected. He had no plans of using Kylo like others had done all throughout his life, like he was nothing more than a possession. ‘And with no one to oppose us we will finally be able to bring the peace to the galaxy, and I will finally be able to show just how much you mean to me; how much I cherish and admire you. How much I love you. No more hiding.’ Kylo gazed into Hux’s sea green eyes, smiling softly. ‘No more hiding.’ Soon. They just had to wait a little longer. Notes: Thanks for reading my odd little bit of rambling. Have a great day, as always kudos and comments are super appreciated!