Prologue: Watching, Waiting “He’s so tiny.” Even as the medical droid handed the baby to Leia, she was sweating, her hair already come undone from the braids that she had put it in, clinging to the sides of her face. She had already been through the worst of the labor -- the pain, the contractions, the feeling of stars, when is it going to end? -- and yet even in the midst of the exhaustion, the fading pain, there was a sense of amazement at how seemingly fragile the small newborn in her arms was. His eyes were huge. They could have practically held the secrets of the entire galaxy in there. They looked up at her in awe, in wonder, and yet with a sort of nervousness at how much bigger everything around him must be. Leia doubted she could ever adequately describe the emotions that were tearing through her almost like a tempest. Awe. Wonder. Fear of what this boy, this seemingly fragile child would go through in the future. Leia had already gone through her share of hell. So had Han. Even holding the bundle in her arms, humming old Alderaanian tunes to the baby to calm him down, she swore that no matter what happened, no matter what the cost, this child, this all-too-fragile child would never endure the hardships that either she or Han went through. “Hey,” she said. “It’s good to see you.” The baby reached out towards her, inquisitively reaching towards her hand and Leia took it. He had...well, he had a lot of hair. Han’s mother’s hair, to be more precise. There was quite a lot for a baby, she thought. Imagine trying to keep it neat. And despite that, she couldn’t help but smile. “Credit for your thoughts.” Han said. “Nothing really,” Leia said. “He has a lot of hair, doesn’t he?” “He does.” Han gently ran a thumb over the baby’s cheek. The baby, in turn, reached up towards him and began tracing Han's face, including an accidental poke in the eyes that got a chuckle as well as a wince out of Han, and rubbing his own eye. "You okay?" Leia said. "Yeah, I'm fine. Welcome to parenthood, huh?" They both chuckled. “I was actually thinking," Leia said, "In terms of names...” “What?" It was a name that Leia was too familiar with. It was the name of the man who had served her father during the Clone Wars and helped in saving the galaxy -- a man who deserved to be remembered, if only in the name of their son. “Ben,” Leia said, softly. “The name Ben’s a good one.” “Ben Solo? Sounds good to me.” "Ben it is." Gently, Han took Ben from her arms. He grinned, and his grin was practically radiant. “Hey there, Ben. Welcome to the galaxy -- you're gonna have a lot to see.” *** Off in the shadows, unknown to either of them in that moment, the Milaran Snoke watched. No one else noticed him, for his presence was hidden in the Force as well as in plain view. Though he had come here to investigate the strange disturbance in the Force, a disturbance he had not felt since he had left the Order long ago, since his last meeting with Yoda for that matter, he could not be seen. Being seen would only ruin his plans too soon, and he could not have that. Would not, for that matter. Such a thing would be unacceptable. It would ruin everything. The creature called Snoke, in truth, had been wandering for too long. Even the Empire, the closest that he could have to his hopes coming true, creating a galaxy free of disorder, had crumbled, due to many factors but mostly human weakness on Darth Vader’s part. It was already a year since the defeat had occurred, and he had not felt a flicker like this in quite some time. Through the Force, the boy was practically radiant with power. Snoke had been present for many births -- though this was the first birth that he had observed if only in the shadows, unseen -- but he doubted that he had ever witnessed someone with as much raw Force potential as this boy did. The boy was practically radiant with it, glowing. Snoke had trained his share of his apprentices, but this... None of them had come close to what he felt in the Force. Perhaps in the boy, there was the answer to all the problems he had. The missing piece he was looking for. In the boy, perhaps, there was the key. Chapter 2 : Chapter One: To Protect You Summary: In which Leia's worries about Snoke get bad enough for her to do something that shapes quite a lot of Ben's life. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: I actually revised things to be more active here, as I thought the chapter was initially too full of exposition. (Insert exposition song from the Nostalgia Critic here) Anyway, I hope I didn't butcher Leia's character; I don't want to be like a certain Dave Wolverton or (shudder) Troy Denning. And well...some stuff here might contradict some stuff established in the novel Bloodline (I had most of it pretty much planned out before Bloodline was released) I don't know if it says in Bloodline how old Ben was when he was sent away (in Leia's words) but if I'm contradicting anything, I'm really sorry. “I think someone’s watching me.” Luke looked over at Leia, and the worry in his face was clear. “You’ve felt him too?” Leia nodded. “I thought I was just being paranoid after Endor, but now I’m wondering if there actually is someone out there. Watching Ben.” Leia bit her lip; even the idea of someone going after her toddler son was enough to frighten her. He was so little, so vulnerable. So trusting. Even when she had felt the presence again in Ben’s room Ben’s psychologist said that it was common for tiny children to have imaginary friends and that Ben would grow out of it. All Leia could think was how much the psychologist in question simply did not get it Ben hadn’t been afraid, but had been intrigued, laughing, babbling, clapping his hands. He had been only a year old at the time -- now he was four, and the presence hadn’t gone away -- and Leia had been as scared for him as she could possibly get. Imaginary friends usually weren’t a source of panic for parents. But the presence she had felt at Endor... The best way she could describe it was a lot like a living shadow. Hovering over her, all but seeming to smother her in its heat. Scorching heat, almost like Tatooine or Jakku. “I think it might be after Ben,” Leia said. “What do you mean?” “When Ben was one...” Even going into the story, Leia couldn’t help but feel her skin prickle. And Luke seemed to react the same way -- he looked almost as if the color had been drained from his face. “Are you sure Ben didn’t -- ’’ Leia shook her head. “It was a dark presence. The same presence that I just...felt back at Endor. And it’s been watching all of us. I can’t even describe it, Luke, it was like -- ’’ “Like a living shadow,” Luke said. Leia nodded. “And I have a feeling the more I keep Ben around, the more he’s in danger.” From the living shadow, and himself. It was normal for children to get angry, of course, but there was something about Ben’s anger that already made Leia think of storms on Alderaan, and the rumble of thunder that precluded a lightning flash. Ben scared her. That was the truth. And it was one of those things that as a mother, she was ashamed of (mothers were supposed to be nurturing, the old expectations went. Mothers weren't supposed to be scared of their own children). But in the end, the living shadow was the most dangerous. Leia looked over at Ben, the child who she feared and loved at the same time, who was currently playing X-Wing Pilots with Poe Dameron. She looked at the two of them, giggling, fundamentally innocent, having no idea what the grown-ups were talking about, no doubt. Even watching Ben imitate a pilot, complete with “Gold Five” and “Gold Two” for him and Poe respectively, she wished that whatever this presence was, it would go away and leave their family alone. For the stars’ sakes. Leia turned back to look at Luke. “Can you help him?” “You bet.” And Leia, even as she said it, felt a mixture of relief and guilt. Ben was too little to understand. Hopefully, he’d understand as he got older. Leia hoped he could forgive her too. *** They dropped Ben off on Yavin the next day. Ben had been only marginally aware of what was happening just through the arguments of his parents, hushed voices in the halls, going on about the matter of abandonment (both his parents seeming to accuse the other of such), and the Voice in the back of his mind, the Voice that had always been there, trying to comfort him. But the next morning, after breakfast, Daddy’s ship dropped off on the jungle planet. Yavin IV, Daddy had taught Ben it was called. Ben stepped out of the Falcon in that moment. His mommy turned to look at him, her eyes wide, sad, almost liquid in nature. “Have fun, Ben!” she said, but even then, she seemed to be trying too hard to stay reassuring, for Ben’s sake. She headed back to the ship. “No!” Ben ran towards the ship even as it blasted off into the sky. “Come back! Come back!” He was aware of Uncle Luke’s hand on his shoulder, gentle, coaxing. “It’s okay, Ben. Come on inside. Come on...” “I want my mommy and daddy...” “I know, Ben.” Luke’s voice was soft. “Come on inside. There’s a lot of people I want you to meet.” “Mommy -- ’’ “Your mother will be back soon,” Luke said softly. “Don’t worry.” Ben wiped his eyes. “I hope so.” “She will,” Luke said. “She will.” Uncle Luke headed inside and Ben, sniffling, followed. Chapter 3 : Infiltration Summary: In which Snoke infiltrates the Jedi Academy, and we get a look into Ben's Academy life. It isn't particularly happy. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Just a warning, this glimpse into Ben's life at the Academy really isn't a happy one. If that's not your thing, I advise you to turn back while you still can. Snoke’s shuttle touched down on the landing pad at Yavin IV. It had been some time, actually, since he had actually come back to a Jedi Academy. The last time he had seen it, it was back on Coruscant, when he had been writing his final letter to Master Yoda telling him why exactly he had to leave the Jedi Order forever. The idea of returning home -- if one could ever call the Jedi Order “home”; it had been refuge, but that was all it had ever been -- was not something that a broken now-grown being would look forward to. But to find what he had been long searching for, it would be more than worth it. And he was not the broken youngling who had first come there, angry, filled with shame -- he was older, had outlived Yoda himself, and though he was well in decline (though by the standards of humans he had long to live yet), he was strong and had accomplished much. He was not the boy that had first set out on this journey. He was older, had seen much and known much, and now he was returning home. There was no one who remembered Aldric of Milara. There would be nothing to fear in that regard. He could choose a new alias, all while on Yavin. It wouldn't be the first time he returned to the hell that was supposed to be home. Just to destroy it. Just to do what should have been done long ago. In terms of destruction, Snoke of the First Order was quite skilled at such things. And he never had destroyed anything that hadn’t deserved it somehow. Snoke descended the loading ramp of the shuttle. As he did, he doubted he had seen such green, such lushness, in quite some time. Indeed, it seemed like a lifetime ago. *** Outside the Academy, meanwhile, Ben Solo was in trouble. It had started as just another lesson with the other younglings (and Ben still hated that word. He wasn’t that young; he was four years old! Just because Uncle Luke was like ninety-nine or something didn’t mean he was that young) only for Ben to continue struggling with meditation. He could never get that right. He hated when they had to meditate anyway; what was the point when there was so much to see? And then there was the whole matter of “letting go” -- never mind that he couldn’t let go. He still missed Mommy and Daddy and Poe, even if he occasionally saw them over commcalls and visits from the Falcon, and that wasn’t bad, was it? He wasn’t a Bad Person like on the holovids just because he missed them, right? Or when they played Jedi vs. Sith during recess, and the Sith were scary guys with red lightsabers who went “raaaaaaah” -- And then Jimmy Nichos had to make fun of him. Ben hadn’t meant to get angry. He hadn’t meant to Force Push Jimmy, but Jimmy had been scaring him, and the Voice had flashed in his mind, telling him that Jimmy could hurt him, especially when Jimmy was taunting him about Darth Vader going to Get Him. And the horror of it had led Ben to reach out, do anything, anything, to get Jimmy out of his face, and he had pushed him. Ben Solo knew that he had done a Bad Thing. The looks on the faces of the others said it all. And he couldn't be around anyone else. He could hurt them next. He was a Freak, after all. A “minefield waiting to go off”, as Naris had said. So he ran. Ben ducked out of the Academy, wiping at his eyes there is no e-mo-shun, there is peace. that was how the first line of the Code went, right? The Code, which seemed like an ever-present shadow hovering over them... heading towards the gardens -- -- and collided with someone much larger than himself. A giant, actually. Then again, Ben thought, everyone was taller and stronger than you when you were four. “Sorry, sir!” Ben had been so wrapped up in his frustration that he’d almost forgotten that there was a hooded figure in his path. He thought he could see an outline of a pale, humanoid face under the hood, with large, luminous eyes. “No harm done,” said the figure, and his voice was deep, soft, not unpleasant to listen to, and Ben felt oddly at ease despite himself. “Is everything all right?” “Y-yeah.” Ben was starting to calm down in spite of himself. “What is your name, small one?” “Ben. And who are you, sir?” Underneath his hood, the creature seemed to smile. “My name is Jacen. Jacen Yana. I’m a new addition to this...fascinating Academy of yours.” He looked around; his eyes seemed almost luminous under his cloak, especially against his pale skin. “It is...beautiful here, isn’t it? I can’t say that I’ve seen green in some time in my travels.” “It’s not that special,” Ben said. Absently, he kicked at a pebble by his toe. Yana seemed to tilt his head, reminding Ben almost of a particularly curious kath hound pup. And there still managed to be some dignity in the act, Ben realized. He had such a dignified, almost kingly look to him -- something that Ben could never have. At age four, after all, nobody took you seriously, or cared. “Is there something wrong?” Yana’s voice was surprisingly gentle. The first one besides Uncle Luke and Aunt Alora to actually make him feel at ease. “No. N-not really.” Tears were brimming in Ben’s eyes, and he wished they wouldn’t do that. Crying in front of someone was like a form of public humiliation. “I -- I mean, being away from home is hard -- ’’ “Is it?” Gentleness. Softness. And to Ben’s embarrassment, he felt wetness on his cheeks. “Y-yeah.” Ben started to talk, about how he had been dumped here on Yavin IV, how the others thought he was just some sort of spoiled brat (Master Naris was one of them) just because he couldn’t control his emotions, how they talked about fear leading to The Dark Side, and how he had hurt Jim, and he wondered if that meant they were right, even if it had felt like reflex, even though Jim was looming in his face and scaring him (despite being only seven, he was taller than Ben Solo, everyone was) -- and he trailed off. He was probably being a Freak or a Spoiled Brat again, like the Masters said. “I -- I’m sorry.” “No, do go on,” said Yana. “Tell me about what happened.” And he was so kind in that moment that Ben found himself pouring out everything else until he was all but a sobbing wreck. He felt Yana’s hand stroke his hair, and it felt nice. Reassuring, actually. “They sound like they don’t understand you,” said Yana. “They sound...cruel to you, actually. And they don’t seem to understand younglings like you either.” “Like me?” “Like you, yes,” said Yana. “Ben!” Uncle Luke’s voice. He ran towards Ben in that moment, and the look in his eyes -- it scared Ben. Was he going to be in trouble for running away? But Uncle Luke hugged him quickly. “You scared the life out of me.” “It’s okay, Uncle. He’s nice.” Ben tugged at Yana’s sleeve. “This is Yana. Jay-sun Yana.” “Hello.” Uncle Luke seemed to be bothered. His brows were furrowed a bit, like he was angry at Yana or something. Or Ben. Was Uncle Luke still angry at him for running off? “Hello,” Yana said. “I was heading up the path when I found your student.” “My nephew. I...suppose I should appreciate you finding him when you did,” Uncle Luke said. He turned to look at Ben. “Come on, Ben,” he said, softer, “We’ll...talk about Jim.” Heading up the path, Ben still couldn’t get rid of the feeling of his uncle being mad at him. He always seemed to be mad at him, or worried, when Ben wasn’t medi-tat-ing (Ben couldn’t pronounce that word well. It sometimes came out as medi-gating or something like that) right. The other kids seemed to be doing all right with that, but Ben didn’t seem to. It was just another sign that he was the Freak in the class. He wouldn’t always be. Whatever happened, he would try to get his anger under control, try and make his uncle proud, not angry. And everyone else too. Chapter 4 The Jedi Order had been a shelter of sorts, but never truly home. Even continuing up the path towards the Jedi Enclave, it was just a reminder of the times at the temple on Coruscant, when he had first been there. He had been a youngling then, coming from a background of living in war, and he had never really adjusted to the whole matter of the Enclave. They preached patience and suppressing your emotions. It was something that, Snoke knew, he was never able to do. Master Skywalker was already talking about the Enclave. “...we managed to get it rebuilt not long after the Empire was defeated at Jakku...” Snoke could have laughed. Defeated? The Empire had suffered a minor setback, but they were never truly defeated. The First Order still held them anyway, in their hearts -- they never forgot what Luke Skywalker had done, from destroying the Death Star and Snoke wondered how, with his hands swimming in that much red, he could call them clean to ultimately murdering Vader and the Emperor both. It burned for them, like fire. It was the fire that drove them forward, the fire that drove them onwards, the fire that kept them together. But instead of laughing, Snoke kept his face perfectly composed and said, “Indeed?” “Yeah,” Luke said. “It’s still starting out, but hopefully, it will grow into something extraordinary.” A smile. “Actually, I have the utmost faith.” Such arrogance. Skywalker seemed to have a complete ignorance of history -- how the Order had fallen time and time again thanks to their arrogance. Then again, perhaps that was all part of a Jedi? The Jedi Order would have to be torn down. Even as Snoke headed past a Jedi Master reproving one of his students for an accident with a practice saber, Padawans practicing in the courtyard, he knew that they represented nothing more than more suffering for the galaxy. After all, the Jedi had never been there to help the galaxy when they were most needed. How would rebuilding the Order do anything except condemn the galaxy to more destruction? It was heading inside, into the lightsaber workshop, that Snoke saw a droid that he most definitely had not expected to see again. Huyang. Then again, the droid was incredibly resilient. It was no wonder he had survived the Purge. Besides, droids were not flesh. Droids could be repaired. Still, Snoke could not say that he had seen Huyang since -- No. That boy is gone. That boy is dead. He deserves to be dead. “Huyang,” said Skywalker, “This is Jacen Yana. He’s one of our recent inductees into the Academy. Yana, this is Huyang.” Yes, I know. And I did not expect to see him again, of all beings. It seemed that it truly was a small galaxy. Or it was the matter of the Force taking you every which way it wished. “A pleasure to meet you,” said Huyang. Snoke could have sworn that the droid’s eyes could see right through him in that moment. Huyang was no Jedi, no Force sensitive, but he was no fool. He could still remember the kindly, wise, occasionally sarcastic droid that he had met when he had constructed his first lightsaber. It had been a golden blade, as radiant as Tatooine’s two suns, double-bladed, staff-like. Huyang had commented how similar it had been to the Jedi Bastila Shan’s lightsaber. “A design I cannot say I have seen in...decades, actually.” He had left that lightsaber behind when he had left. It was part of Aldric, Aldric of Melian, and had no place being there. Aldric was a weak boy, wretched, low, and he was not the leader that the galaxy needed. He had built another one, still double-bladed, only with a violet crystal. A balance between light and dark. He had changed the crystal for now; after all, one did not simply walk into the Jedi Order with a red lightsaber. When one saw a red lightsaber, they knew that pain and suffering were soon to follow. Had he been leading a raid, that would have been appropriate enough. But he was trying to keep a low profile. Even the Emperor had waited to reveal his lightsaber. It was a violet crystal once again for Snoke’s lightsaber as Jacen Yana -- a blend of the Jedi and the Sith. Snoke was Dark Side, without a doubt, but he was not Sith. Sith was too simple to describe who he was. He, Snoke without-a-family, Snoke of the First Order, Supreme Leader -- he was far beyond such simplistic labels. Those of the Dark Side were not the ones who thought in absolutes, after all. “A Milaran.” Huyang’s voice was calm, jarring Snoke out of his thoughts. “Interesting. I confess that I have not had a Milaran Jedi ever since...well, before the Clone Wars began.” Even the mentioning of that was enough to make Snoke disgusted. The Clone Wars...just another build-up of disappointments until finally, things came undone. The war itself at least had taught the right lesson, the lesson that others should have learned all along, before the Rebellion had ruined things almost completely. The galaxy would have been better, genuinely, if the Empire had stood -- the Empire would have healed the wounds of this galaxy and made it stronger, better than before. But he kept his face calm, almost like a sabaac player. “Interesting. Do you know why?” “I don’t know,” Huyang said. “Though certain members of Milara...they were reluctant to let the younglings train to be Jedi. There was...one, who was rescued from an orphanage.” Rescued was one way to put it. “Your design does remind me of that Jedi,” said Huyang. “A remarkable Jedi. A pity he left, actually; he could have been one of the best of our Order.” Snoke suppressed a growl of irritation. Huyang...he was acting so much like Yoda had. Acting as if he had fallen, when indeed, he had seen the truth, when he had had a moment of more clarity than he had in the beginning years of his life, or while he had been in the Order for that matter. And this droid...he sounded disappointed. But he kept his face calm, and his voice as well. “What happened to him?” “He left. He was not one of the Lost Twenty; those were Masters. But there were others who left -- Padawans who cut ties, Knights who left. Anakin Skywalker was the last one, and he...well, he was definitely the greatest loss.” “I see.” Then again, the Jedi never truly understood, did they? The depth of Anakin Skywalker’s courage, in trying to stop the Jedi from staging their own coup so they could form their own dictatorship. They never understood all he sacrificed, all he gave, to make sure that the Empire stood strong. Before Luke had killed him. Luke Skywalker had not raised his lightsaber and struck him down as he could have, but he had planted the seeds of lies in Vader’s mind. Until the man had killed himself, taking the Emperor and the promise of order with him. Luke Skywalker was dangerous, not for his skills with the Force and a lightsaber -- compared to others, he was still learning -- but for his words. He could order one to march to their death and that dejarik piece would do it gladly. But Snoke did not say anything like that. Instead, he said, “Sentiment can be dangerous, can it not?” “Well, yes,” said Huyang. “If I can recall, he was always an impetuous one.” “How many Jedi have you taught?” “Plenty,” Huyang said. “Over the years. They are trials, but also joys.” *** It was long after the day was over that Ben contacted his mother, or rather, his mommy contacted him. The best way that Ben could describe the visits from his daddy were as if they were visits from someone he had occasionally heard about in stories, visits from a legend. Visits from a man who had haunted some of his dreams about arguments and nightmares about a strange man in black. A charismatic, handsome legend who always looked happy to see him, occasionally cracking a joke about something or other, telling stories about his races, things of that nature. Occasionally standing off to the side watching Ben train, and Ben knew he would do anything -- yes, anything -- just to get that smile from Han Solo. The sort of smile that suggested that he was remarkable, wonderful, priceless, and Han could not be more proud of him. And the same went for his mommy too. Visits from a princess that he had heard about in stories, visits where he knew he would do anything to get the same smile. His mommy looked tired, but nonetheless smiled even as she looked at him. “Hi, Ben.” “Hi, Mommy.” He couldn’t help but notice the dark circles under her eyes, and he said, “Are you okay?” “I’m fine.” She smiled, a bit too much like she was trying to force it. “How are things over in Jedi-land?” “Fine. I mean, I’ve made some friends and all. But...” He looked away from her. “What’s wrong?” “I -- you’re not gonna be mad at me, are you?” “Of course not.” “I got in a fight with Jimmy again.” And he started pouring out the same story that he had already told Mr. Yana, and all the while he was afraid -- would Mommy be mad at him? Mommy took a deep breath. “Jimmy Nichos is just a bully, Ben. Really. That being said...you can’t really solve problems by pushing people. It’s not how it works.” “I thought he was trying to hurt me, Mommy.” Mommy’s eyes widened. Then, “What you did is understandable, Ben.” “Uncle Luke tells me not to use the Force for that. He says it can lead to the Dark Side.” Ben’s voice shook even as he said it. He knew he didn’t want to be on the Dark Side. Annie and Thomas, who were in his other classes, said he wouldn’t, but there were times it seemed that if Ben so much as broke a rule... “I think Uncle Luke’s trying to look out for you, honey,” Mommy said. “Just like Daddy and me.” “I guess so.” It occurred to Ben then, about Daddy -- there had been times when it seemed that Mommy and Daddy were angry at each other. Ben could feel it, sense it. Uncle Luke said he also had to be careful about his power for Reading Minds (like minds were a holobook? Ben didn’t know that part from his lessons) as it was Dangerous and could be Misused. It wasn’t like he was trying to do it, though. It just happened, and Ben couldn’t say it made any sense. A lot of people’s thoughts didn’t make sense anyway, actually. It was as if there was a whole world in their heads that Ben could hardly understand, and that was scary to him. “Are you and Daddy -- ’’ “We’re all right, Ben,” his mother said. “We’re going through a bit of a bad time.” That was true. But when would the bad times ever end? Mommy and Daddy seemed to fight all the time, and even when they weren’t fighting, they didn’t seem to like each other very much. His mother continued. “Everyone has them. Just like you have your good days and your bad days, we have our good times and our bad times.” “You shouldn’t have bad days.” His mother smiled a bit, but there was a hint of melancholy. “That’s a bit of a tall order, Ben. Everyone has bad days. It’s what you do with them that matters.” “I’m not...doing anything bad, am I?” A flicker of unease seemed to come across his mother’s face briefly, and it was gone as quickly as one could snap their fingers. “No. Of course not, sweetie. Everyone deals with bad days differently.” “I guess so.” “It’s just your first time here, Ben,” Mommy said. “It’ll be fine.” Ben bit his lip. “I better get to bed,” Mommy said. “I have a meeting tomorrow. Whatever happens, you’ll be a wonderful Jedi, Ben.” She smiled, and for a moment, Ben almost believed it. “You really will.” “I hope so. Goodnight, Mommy.” “Goodnight, sweetie.” The comm shut off, and Ben snuggled up in bed, his stuffed Wookiee (one of his possessions that had been dropped off at the Enclave) hugged close to him. He would be a good Jedi, he really would. He wouldn’t lash out at Jimmy or read minds. He’d be a good Jedi, and Uncle Luke would be proud of him. He hoped. *** Leia signed off, rubbed her temples. She still hated being parted from Ben. Even if it was for the best. Even if it meant protecting him from that living shadow. However she could, she would protect him from that living shadow, even if it meant keeping him away from her. Even if it meant the sort of anger in Han that seemed to simmer under the surface of their conversations. Force, if you’re out there, take care of my little boy. However you can. She could still feel the living shadow, like a sweltering heat, pure Tatooine heat, like being out in the desert on Jabba’s sail barge. And she turned towards it and challenged it. You won’t have my son. A chuckle, almost amiable in nature, which only made Leia feel as if pins and needles trailed up her spine. Will I? We’ll see. Chapter 5 Summary: In which Leia does some detective work on her family, and we get a bit of a lighter look into the relationship between Ben and his father. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. "I’m looking for books on Padme Amidala.” That was what she had to go on. That was what she had to look for. Just a name that Bail Organa had told her long ago. Bail Organa would always be her real father, and Breha Organa would always be her real mother, but there was so much about her history that Leia Organa-Solo simply did not know. The Ithorian librarian looked up at her. “Those are pretty hard to find,” she said. “Most of the Empire tried to annihilate them. But we managed to recover a few. A History of the Clone Wars is a good place to start.” It was long after thumbing through pages about the Trade Federation that Leia finally got to the section about her mother -- a young girl, fourteen years old, elaborately dressed and possessing a sort of grace and dignity that one wouldn’t expect in a girl that age. The reading started out fine, fascinating even. It was a relief to get a face, even a voice for that matter, to the woman who had mostly shown up in blurry impressions in Leia’s dreams not that they were disquieting impressions, but even so, it was nice to have a face and a voice but it was later on, getting to Tatooine, that Leia froze. Because her mother, dressed in peasants’ clothing, sitting on an eopie and laughing next to a sandy-haired little boy that reminded Leia almost of Ben though Ben’s hair was dark where this boy’s was light had a caption underneath it -- Padme Amidala with future Jedi Anakin Skywalker, before the podrace. Leia could have frozen in place. This was Anakin Skywalker, the future Darth Vader? He looked too innocent, she thought. She didn’t know what she expected, the sort of person who would be tying grenades to bantha tails or anything like that, kids like in those holovids that she occasionally watched at the Rebel base on Hoth before it had ultimately been raided again, by her father, although “father” was a title he didn't deserve children who sang creepy songs and hurt innocent creatures. But instead, he was covered in grime but beaming even as he embraced her mother. Leia’s eyes drifted to the caption again: The youngest winner of a podrace with Queen Padme Amidala. Her mother looked so very innocent as well. Her hair done up in simple braids, braids that reminded Leia too much of her own hair, and beaming. She was proud of Anakin, for what he had done -- that much was obvious. Leia stepped away, looked away from the book for just a moment. She simply couldn’t picture Darth Vader, the man who had tortured her, the man who had stood by and watched as Alderaan had been destroyed, the man who had killed multiple Rebel soldiers, tortured Han, and committed so many more atrocities that one could not simply count on one hand, as innocent, once upon a time. Every bit of evil has to start from somewhere. And yet this...all of this was something that Leia knew she wasn’t ready to accept. Not yet. She turned back to the book, continuing to pore over her mother’s history, the memories of a woman she had mostly seen in dreams, in nightmares. *** It was while Yana was tutoring Ben, Thomas and Annie in regards to levitating objects -- something Ben was still trying to master -- that he said, “So Ben...what exactly happened between you and your uncle earlier? You seemed quite upset.” Ben shrugged. “Uncle Luke just doesn't like my using my abilities. I didn’t mean to, really; I just picked it up -- ’’ It had been a stray thought about Mommy on Uncle Luke’s part, about how she seemed to be having Issues with her biological father, who died before Ben was born, but that was as far as he got before he hit something else -- Uncle Luke reciting names of planets. Alderaan, Coruscant, Dantooine... That had been the first in the sequence, before Uncle Luke had gently told him that some thoughts were Private and you couldn’t just go searching in someone’s minds because you Felt Like It. Never mind that it had been an accident. Ben had been working on it, trying to focus on other things, but other people’s thoughts seemed to be a whole mess of words and images, nothing truly comprehensible. “I daresay he’s too harsh on you.” “Well, I shouldn't -- ’’ “You didn’t do it on purpose, Ben,” said Yana. “And besides, you have incredible gifts. It would be a shame for you to waste them.” The Falcon landed. Ben could feel it outside. Ben turned to Yana, grinning. “My daddy’s here,” he said. “Is he?” “Yeah.” Even as they headed outside, Ben said, “It’s the fastest ship ever. It beat the Kessel Run in twelve parsecs!” Yana looked skeptical for a moment before smiling. “It sounds like quite the ship.” “It is!” Ben grinned. It was then that his daddy headed down the loading ramp, beaming, and Ben ran to him. “Hey there, Ben!” Daddy practically beamed even as he hugged Ben, though his smile faded a bit even as Mr. Yana approached. Daddy’s brow furrowed. He had a certain look of distrust to him, almost as if he saw something in Mr. Yana that he didn’t like somehow. Then again, what was there to distrust? After all, Mr. Yana was nice, wasn’t he? He seemed to like Ben, Annie and Thomas well enough, at least. Mr. Yana also seemed to look at him with some sort of contempt before assembling his face into a more pleasant expression. “Captain Solo. What an unexpected pleasure.” “Who are you?” Daddy said. “He’s Mr. Yana. Mr. Yana, this is -- ’’ “Your father, yes,” Yana said. “His reputation precedes him.” A pause. “A pleasure to meet you, Mr. Solo.” “Nice to meet you too. So, Ben,” Daddy said, “How are things over here?” Even as they went inside, Ben talked at length about everything, including the new skills he learned over the course of the lessons. “Oh, wow.” Daddy grinned. “You’re on a roll, Ben, my man.” Ben grinned despite himself as well. There was something about what Daddy said in that moment, Daddy’s faith in him, that was enough to lift Ben’s spirits. Uncle Luke seemed to worry about him a lot as did Mommy, but Daddy and Master Yana and Thomas and Annie had the utmost faith in him, and that was enough. The other kids were still working on their lightsabers. Ben turned towards Daddy and said, “I’d like to have a real one...one day.” “When you’re older, kiddo,” and though Daddy said it with a smile, there was definitely some unease, as if the idea of a kid carrying a lightsaber was strange. But what was so strange about it? Ben wasn’t bad with a lightsaber, after all. He was getting better with it, Uncle Luke said so himself. “There’s three classes,” Ben said, and he went on about what exactly he did know in regards to the matter of Jedi classes: The Guardian, The Sentinel and the Consular. “I’d like to be a Gar-dee-an,” he said. “I want to protect people.” Daddy grinned. “Right on, kiddo. Tell you what -- I think you'll make an awesome Guardian, and an awesome Jedi.” "Really?" "Cross my heart." It was long after showing Daddy around the workshop, and introducing him to the others, and catching up with him on his missions and other things that Daddy had to go. “I’ll see you tomorrow, kiddo,” he said. “I promise.” “Okay.” And as usual, Ben wished that Daddy didn’t have to go. He understood why, of course; Daddy had Big Things to do, but he still wished that he could stay a while longer. Still, he supposed he should be grateful that Daddy even came here. Thomas and Annie’s parents couldn’t, for whatever reason. Annie didn’t like talking about it, and Thomas was still hoping that maybe his mommy would come back one day. Ben knew that one day, he would become a Guardian. To protect people, save the galaxy -- he would do anything to do that. The questions from Master Huyang were coming up in time. Ben just hoped he would pass them. Chapter 6 Summary: In which Leia can't sleep, Han has weird dreams, and the two of them have a chat. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Thought that I would do a bit of a follow-up on Leia's research on her parents. It's pretty cool, getting into her head, it really is. Despite the shock she had experienced with reading A History of the Clone Wars, it didn’t stop Leia from researching her history. Perhaps it had been a desire to know more, so much more about a part of herself that still felt so splintered off, but she found herself, in between communiques with Ben (who was now a Jedi Guardian, something he was very proud of, and Leia was proud with him) and Senate meetings, picking up books on her heritage and researching them. The more she investigated, the more she found. Transcripts from her mother’s Senate meetings, for starters, her arguing her case on behalf of Naboo, or arguing against violence against the Separatists. Her father’s history of being a slave, his role in the Clone Wars as a Jedi, the good he had done, and it was still hard to reconcile the man who had tortured her and later those she loved with the man who had once been a Jedi. He hadn’t given her any special gifts, he hadn’t been kind to her, there was nothing that could really complicate the relationship between them -- except the matter of his redemption, and the history she’d found. She could feel compassion for Anakin Skywalker the slave, at least. What he had endured (and it had been wrong, so very wrong, that nobody had thought to free the slaves on Tatooine, that the Jedi were too focused on other things to even think about freeing the slaves, doing something) was horrific, something no child could endure. The rest...in the end, Leia Organa-Solo couldn’t say she knew what to feel. A mixture of Anakin the slave and Vader the monster...it was a sort of mixture that she doubted that she could cope with. It was long after she was trying to get to sleep, images from her readings dancing in front of her eyes, images of Alderaan exploding once again Father I’m so sorry, I failed you, I couldn’t save you images of Vader’s mask looming in front of her eyes, that she sighed, exasperated, and headed towards the console. She missed Han anyway. Ben too. It was the sort of guilt and loneliness that she had to pay for keeping Ben safe. She could still feel the living shadow all but smothering her, scorching heat like on the sail barge, saying nothing but she knew it was watching, it was waiting. At least Ben was away from it. Thank the stars. She dialed the Falcon’s terminal and waited. And waited. The living shadow, meanwhile, spoke to her. You can’t keep Ben Solo from me forever, Senator. Sooner or later, he will come to join me. Sooner or later, he will understand. “He’ll never join you.” We shall see, Senator. We shall see. Over the terminal, she heard Han faintly murmur, “No, Jabba, get someone else to feed the rancor” (what was that dream about?) before he stumbled towards the console screen, clearly bleary, tired, and still clearly having slept in his usual clothes, his hair a mess. He never seemed to have any pajamas lying around the Falcon, Leia thought with a smile. He seemed to be wearing those same clothes day after day, ever since she met him. It was one of those unique traits of the man that she had eventually fallen in love with. “Hey, Han,” she said. “Did I wake you?” “A bit.” Han rubbed his eyes, yawned. “Not that you interrupted anything good, though. Dreamed I was back with Jabba again.” “Sounds like a nightmare.” Even nine years later, Leia still had bad memories of being on that sail barge, dressed in that humiliating gold bikini. It had been safe to say that she had never worn it again. “Yeah. So, what’s up, sweetheart? You look like you have something on your mind.” Leia smiled weakly. In spite of herself, she liked this conversation. It reminded her of the early days of their marriage, she twenty-five, Han thirty-five, seeing the stars together, and the early days of parenthood, before things had...not exactly split them apart, but there was a certain amount of damage to their relationship that occasionally simmered below the surface. “I’ve been reading up on my parents,” Leia said. “My...birth parents.” She hesitated to say “real parents”. It simply felt wrong to call them that, when her birth mother had died giving birth to her, and her birth father had tortured her. The latter was the sort that she couldn’t forgive, still. It wasn’t the sort of thing that her birth father could simply wash his hands of. It didn’t work like that. “You have, huh?” Han’s eyes softened. “You found anything?” Even recapping what she had found, from her mother’s speeches to her father’s history, Leia still couldn’t say she knew what to think. She could pity the child that her father was, but the adult Vader... The adult Vader was still someone she doubted she could forgive. She couldn’t summon up better memories of him when there was nothing there, nothing but the bad he had done her, she couldn’t recall good times of fatherhood when he simply hadn’t been there...you couldn’t get anything from nothing, as an old saying went. And you couldn’t lose anything where there was nothing there to begin with. “...and I can’t forgive him, Han,” Leia said. “Luke probably wants me to forgive him, but some things...he wasn’t there on the bridge when...” She trailed off. Even remembering Vader holding her back was still one of her worst memories, that feeling of helplessness even as Tarkin gave the order to fire. Knowing she couldn’t save her friends and family and had good as doomed them. And then there was Han. Hearing him screaming and feeling helpless to do anything, the day he was frozen in carbonite...that was another thing she doubted she could forgive her father for. Luke too, what he had done to Luke, cutting off his hand; she could still remember the days where she had helped him try and get used to the absence of his flesh hand. There was too much she couldn’t forgive her father for. Too much there. “And you don’t have to forgive him, Leia.” Han’s voice was soft even as he said it. “Thank you.” Leia sighed. “I don’t forgive him, but I do feel sorry for the boy he was. I mean, nobody deserves anything like that.” “No.” Han’s voice was quiet. “They don’t, Leia. They really don’t. Way I see it, I can feel sorry for the kid Vader was. It doesn’t mean that I have to feel sorry for the adult -- I mean, the adult was a monster, no mistake.” Leia nodded. Somehow, it felt good to have that acknowledged, validated. “But the kid...yeah. No one deserves that.” “No.” Leia took a deep breath. “We can’t tell Ben. Not yet. When he’s ready.” “He deserves to know -- ’’ “He does.” She thought of Ben, little Ben, tiny Ben, innocent Ben, with a lot of brightness in him and enthusiasm, and springing that news on him...it would only break his heart. She would protect him as long as she could, no matter what happened. “But not immediately. When he’s older, Han. When he’s ready.” Chapter 7 : Come To Grips Summary: In which Leia struggles to come to a form of resolution over what her father did, and Han had problems of his own. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Trigger warning for in-canon violence (in other words, the Mustafar scene). For the next few days, the next few years, whenever she could, Leia did what she could in order to get in her worth of research. It was one of those things that she knew was unhealthy and yet she needed to know. Perhaps she needed answers. Yes. She did fundamentally need answers. There was so much that was a mystery, so much left unknown, so much that she had been carefully kept from until she was twenty-three years old. So much she needed to understand. The more she dug, the more she found. Her mother’s speeches in the Senate during the Clone Wars. Her father’s battles. Even some things from Pooja Naberrie and Ryoo Naberrie when she had spoken to them both, which had still left her wondering how a young man who could have been kind to two kids as Pooja and Ryoo both had recounted, who could have spent time in meadows and such, could have become that monster. There were times she tried to picture Vader in a meadow, and she couldn’t. Still, she got a better glimpse of her mother. The more that people talked about her, the more that Leia could get a better glimpse of her, not just of someone out of dreams, someone who had somehow loved Darth Vader how could anyone love that man? but a fully fledged person, a woman who had been brave and kind and noble. A woman who was a good aunt to her nieces. A woman who was a brave and noble Senator and Queen, someone who was intelligent and clever. Leia could see her more fully realized in her mind, and she was grateful. Leia still couldn’t say she knew how to feel about her father being more fully realized. Other than wondering how exactly the man who had been so kind and polite at the Naberries’ house had become that monster. Leia’s answers came sooner than she thought. It had been a matter of poring through old recordings Artoo had, usually sweeter moments between her birth parents, and Leia had been getting tenser by the moment. Just watching the both of them, one twenty-two, one twenty-seven, interacting together, laughing, joking, saying meaninglessly sweet things... “How, Artoo?” It was after the recordings ended that Leia finally managed to speak. “How did this man become...that monster?” Artoo dwooed mournfully. It was clear that the astromech didn’t have a clear answer for that either. “What happened to them?” Leia said. “My birth parents...my birth mother, what happened to her? How did she die?” The answer came in the last recording that Artoo had. The planet there was practically alight with lava and fire, all of it seeming to spring everywhere except for the platform where her birth father, not yet in the Vader suit, and her birth mother, heavily pregnant, met, as if sheltered from the fires leaping around them. And Leia watched the scene unfold. Watched it all. Her mother, trying to talk some sense into her father. Her father, talking about ruling the galaxy with her mother, making things the way they wanted them to be. Her mother, realizing the truth and breaking down in tears even as her father accused her of turning against him. Obi-Wan, showing up on the ramp of the ship, and her father choking her mother until Obi-Wan shouted at him to let her go and her father did. Leia finally found her voice, when her father started accusing Obi-Wan of turning her against him, and said, “Artoo, thank you. I think I’ve seen enough.” The astromech turned off the recording. Leia sat in silence for a long time, feeling for a moment as if her head were an X-wing that had veered drastically off course, and she had to right it again. She looked around, trying to reaffirm she was still in that room and not on that terrible place on Mustafar. It didn’t stop the shock roaring in her ears. How could he? To her, his own wife, to us... “He killed her,” Leia said. Artoo beeped a negative. “It was right there! He choked her, and for what?” “SHE DIDN’T DIE UNTIL LATER ON POLIS MASSA,” Artoo said. “IT WAS PSYCHOSOMATIC.” “So either way, he still killed her. He still killed his own wife. And he tried to kill me and Luke.” Leia forced breaths into her lungs. “How could he?” After all, as bad as the fights between her and Han got, Han never laid a hand on her or Ben. Or anything else. “I DON’T KNOW,” Artoo said. The astromech scooted up beside her, a solid, comforting presence even as Leia tried to regain herself after what she had seen. *** It was heading back from the races that Han got the call from Leia. She had been talking to him whenever she needed to, whenever she just needed someone to rely on, and from the look on her face, wide-eyed, distraught, she needed to talk to him badly. “What is it?” Han said, gently. “What’s wrong, Leia?” “I found something,” Leia said. “In your history? You wanna talk about it?” Leia took a deep breath, and yet even that didn’t seem to calm her. “I...I saw...” She sounded like she was just straining to get it out, actually. “I saw my own father trying to kill my mother. She was pregnant at the time.” And Han Solo felt as if he had suddenly been punched in the chest. The world seemed to detach from him in that moment my own father-in-law tried to kill Leia, the bastard tried to kill Luke and Leia both, tried to kill their mother and when he finally spoke, his voice sounded like a rasp of shock. “He what?” Leia told him, and Han already felt the anger start to boil inside him. His own wife, his own two babies...three things that were so unmistakably precious to him and he tried to kill them... “Leia...” He wished that they weren’t just separated by terminal screens so they could actually reach out and comfort and be comforted. “Stanging hell, Leia. How could he?” “I don’t know. I...” Leia took a deep breath. “I don't even know how he became a monster in the first place. I mean, he claimed that he didn’t want her to die -- ’’ “And yet he good as killed her anyway.” “Artoo said it was psychosomatic,” Leia said. “But you’re right. I was thinking it too. Even if somehow the Force choke didn’t kill her, he good as killed her.” She blinked, almost as if she was trying to keep her composure. “How could he?” That was a damn good question, actually. Family...the thing about family is you took care of them, cherished them like you’re doing right now, Han? a nastier voice in the back of his mind said but that voice didn’t get it. he wanted the best for Ben and Leia, for them to be happy and that’s any better than Vader? the voice said. but at least he wasn’t trying to hurt or kill anyone. He wasn’t like Vader, not at all and you never ever did anything to hurt them. “I don’t know. But I know this. You are way too good for him. You and Luke are more than he ever deserved. Because you are one of the bravest, kindest, funniest women I’ve ever met. Because you’re amazing. And your ‘dad’ can’t grind that out of you. He never could.” A beat. “And Luke...he’s a wonderful person as well. He makes twelve of his ‘dad’.” “He really does.” Silence. “We won’t tell Ben, will we? I mean, it’s better for him that way. Being away from his grandfather...” “Exactly. Not a word.” It would be better for Ben that way. Ben deserved to keep his innocence. And he deserved to be as far away from his grandfather as possible. Like Vader was just something ugly in the past, something that wasn't going to matter as they got on with their lives. He wasn’t worth it. He never was. And they would keep Ben away from him as long as it took. Chapter 8 : For Granted “How are you feeling, Senator?” Doctor Forward’s office was a place that Leia went to when she was done with her Senate meetings. It was a simple little room on Coruscant, on the third floor of the Forward Building. Leia had been going there ever since her pregnancy with Ben had forced her to take a long and uncomfortable look at the matter of her father, as well as well as the matter of her and Ben. Leia looked around the office, forcing herself to take in every object before finally saying, “Not all right. What I saw...it shocked me." “You’ve been researching more of your past, haven’t you?” Leia nodded. And even launching into a story that felt as if she had told it a thousand times over instead of two, she felt herself shaking. Doctor Forward was quiet for a moment. Then, when she finally spoke, it was soft, full of pity. “Senator...” “I just don’t forgive him,” Leia said. “I can feel sorry for the boy he was, but the man he was is a monster. He committed too much wrong. I know Luke forgives him but I...I just can’t.” “It’s horrendous,” Doctor Forward said. “What he did to you and Luke. You don’t have to forgive him, Leia. If your brother wants to forgive him, that’s his choice. And if you don't, that’s your choice, and frankly, I wouldn’t blame you one bit if you didn't forgive him. To kill a child or attempt to kill one is one of the worst things you can do, and your father doesn't get to wash his hands of it just because of one selfless act.” “Exactly!” And Leia couldn't help but get fired up again despite herself. “He doesn’t.” “Your brother hasn't’ been pressuring you to forgive him, has he?” “No,” Leia said. “Luke’s been wonderful, he really has. He’s never pressured me to do anything that I don't want to do. I guess I just wonder...should I tell him?” “Do you think he’d react well?” “I don’t know,” Leia said. “I can’t say I know how he’d react to the recording Artoo has. It’s probably best I show him only when he’s ready to handle it. I don't want to just spring it on him.” “Whatever works for you,” said Forward. “Is it also possible you could find a way to resolve your feelings towards your father? Write a letter to him, perhaps.” “He’s been dead for a decade.” “You don’t have to send it. But writing it out could help.” Silence. Then Leia said, “Yes. I could.” It was at home that Leia looked at her datapad, not knowing where exactly to begin. There was so much to sort through. Even typing “Dear Father” seemed wrong somehow. Finally, she began typing: To the man who was once Darth Vader... *** In truth, going to see Ben was enough to really drive home how vulnerable Luke and Leia were. Not that Ben was just in the womb as Luke and Leia were back during the whole matter of the Mustafar incident, but even walking through the courtyard of Yavin IV’s Academy, looking at Ben and how trusting and little he was, it only made him angrier with Vader. They were only children. They were only children... “Daddy,” Ben said, “Are you feeling all right?” Han forced a smile. “Yeah,” he said. “I’m okay. Don’t worry, Ben; Daddy’s just going through a rough patch. He’s worried about Mommy.” “Oh.” A furrow appeared between the boy’s eyes -- too much like Leia’s, Han thought. Except for the hair (which he got from his paternal grandmother Belle Solo) and the freckles, he was almost a spitting image of both Han and Leia. Even had Han’s nose and ears, two things about Han he hadn’t liked much about himself when he was younger. It had been when he was older it all evened out, and Han was glad. “Is Mommy okay? She’s sad, isn’t she?” Nothing gets by that kid, does it? “Yeah. So, how have things been going, kiddo?” And even as Ben recounted the events of his latest days at the Academy, Han could not help but smile, being caught up in Ben’s story. And he promised himself, as he had once again, to make sure Ben and Leia were safe. Can you, Han? a part of him said. Can you? Or are you just neglecting them again? Are you no better than -- Shut up . He wasn’t Vader. He never would be. He wasn’t anything like that bastard, the man who had ruined Luke and Leia’s lives -- Oh, you haven’t hurt them. But how do you know you’re doing the right thing? How do you know you can't see what’s right in front of you? Chapter 9 : Chapter 8: Sunset Ruminations Summary: In which Luke and his wife ponder the future. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. “What are you thinking about?” Luke’s voice, light, soft, even as they sat together, long after the sun had begun to set. There was something about the way the light played on his pale skin that never failed to be captivating to Alora Danes-Skywalker. Captivating. Yeah, that summed up Luke very well. Even the moment they had met while he was rebuilding the Jedi Order, and he had sensed something in her, something Force sensitive, there was something about him that had captivated her. She just didn’t think she’d end up married to this man. Considering the matter of how the old Jedi Order had viewed attachments, it would have sounded as likely as “one day, you’ll end up queen of the galaxy”. And here she was. Married, of course; queen of the galaxy didn't exist yet. Three years since they’d finally married. Three years since she’d finally plucked up the courage to ask him. Three years. Three years somehow seemed longer in the light of the sunset. Now, sitting with Luke watching the sun set on Yavin -- and the setting sun seemed incredibly beautiful -- Alora couldn’t help but worry. What kind of mother would she be, in the end? Even learning that she was pregnant had been joyous, wonderful, and yet she also had been afraid. “I’m worried about our baby,” she said. “What kind of mother I’ll be.” “You’ll be wonderful.” “I just don’t want to end up like...” Like my mother, the unfinished sentiment was. Long after her death, Alora could still remember Katrina Danes too well -- at least for someone who simply had not been there. Someone who had gone out to buy something at the store and had never returned. Luke reached over and squeezed her hand. “You won’t be,” he said. “You won’t be.” Alora smiled at him. “I hope.” She sighed. “We both didn’t have good parents, did we?” “No. But we can definitely be better than them.” They sat together, overlooking the sunset, two people with their unborn baby, full of potential and life, hoping the best for their future. . Chapter 10 : Chapter Nine: Birthing Pains Summary: In which Snoke schemes, Ben has a miniature crisis, and Jaina/Rey is born. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. It was under the cover of night, when everyone else was asleep, that Snoke could fully check in and make his reports. He knew he likely did not cut a very imposing figure in hologram, sitting on a chair merely in the Jedi Temple on Yavin. Indeed, this mission had had him do various things to compromise his dignity over the years. But for the mission, he knew, he would do it in a heartbeat. Besides, the hologram would cover for that aspect nicely. Snoke didn’t necessarily have to make himself look bigger, not truly, but it was a nice touch. Besides, it added to the matter of image. The First Order needed a leader, a teacher, and also an image to follow. The image of the Supreme Leader (though hardly made public yet. He was in the shadows, as he was supposed to be) on his throne, dispensing guidance to his followers. The figure of Lisaris Regan flickered into view. A man cloaked in black, the color of the Order of Ren, but with a different mask altogether. It almost would have called to mind the mask of Mandalore the Ultimate, but Lisaris was not Mandalorian. He had been a street orphan when Snoke had first found him, struggling for survival. And as with all his followers thus far, Snoke had brought him here, given him a home, a family, a purpose. He was still in training, but thus far, he was coming along swimmingly. Lisaris knelt. And Snoke spoke. “Well, Lisaris, how goes the mission?” “It goes well, Supreme Leader,” said Lisaris. His voice was a crackling hiss behind the mask, almost sinister in nature. Like fire and flames. “We’ve retrieved the holocrons from the ruins of Dantooine. We encountered resistance, but the holocrons are now safe with the Order of Ren.” “Well done. These will be very useful.” Especially for your training, Ben Solo. After all, Ben was a perfect blend of the Dark Side and the Light. It would be a waste to not cultivate both traits in him. It would be a waste to not live up to Snoke’s original plan. Others would have called him a monster. In the end, he was merely doing what the Chosen One could not. Anakin Skywalker was the Chosen One, contrary to what idiotic reports from others suggested. After all, he had brought balance, simply not on the Jedi’s own terms. Of course they would blame just about everyone but themselves in terms of who brought the downfall of the Jedi Order. He had brought peace, stability, justice as Lord Vader -- before his manipulative son had ultimately brought down both he and the Emperor. The question was merely the matter of the Chosen One’s scion. And that was a matter of Ben Solo. The perfect balance between the Light and Dark, the perfect way to finish bringing balance as Vader started. Lisaris was tall and ramrod-straight in the antechamber. “How goes the infiltration of the Academy, Supreme Leader?” He kept his voice quiet. All very well and good. They couldn't risk waking the others, after all. “Quite well. I have found the Scion we may be looking for,” said Snoke. “The one who can finish what Lord Vader began long ago.” *** Meanwhile, the future Scion of the Chosen One was doing far from well. Even as he sat in a tree, looking down at the others, arms crossed over his knees, he wondered if he would have to say goodbye again. It hadn’t been a thought that struck him at first. There were times that Ben would put his hand on Aunt Alora’s belly and feel the heartbeat inside, as well as the kick. The baby was a kicker. Aunt Alora actually knew it was going to be a girl and Ben couldn’t help but wonder, would she look like Uncle Luke, blond hair, blue eyes? Or Aunt Alora, brown hair and green eyes? Or anything else? Would she like him, would they be able to hang out together? She’d be too little to go on adventures through Yavin IV and Ben would have to worry after her all the time. Would he be a good older cousin? He wasn’t very good at being a role model; he was only ten. He needed more people to look up to, actually. He wasn’t the sort that people actually looked up to. It was thinking about it later, that he started to worry. Aunt Alora wouldn’t abandon him, would she? Like Mom and Dad -- No. Aunt Alora wouldn’t abandon him. And Mom and Dad didn’t either. They wanted him to train with Uncle Luke...because he was bad? Basically bad? Was that why? Even the presence of this new baby was enough to make Ben both excited and nervous. On the one hand, would Aunt Alora send him away? Up in the tree, looking down at the others playing, Ben wondered if he would have to go away again. That was what usually happened, wasn’t it? On the other -- “Ben!” Annie’s voice. “Where were you? I was looking all over for you.” Annie and Thomas both were studies in contrast, Thomas dark-haired and olive-skinned where Annie was blond and tawny-skinned and freckled. And they still contrasted in comparison to Ben -- pale skinned, freckled, dark-haired, a sort of contrast you didn’t see often. “I’m okay!” Ben called down to them. “What are you doing up there anyway?” Annie said. “You’re going to fall.” “I’ll be fine.” Even heading down from the tree, it wasn’t that high up, honestly. The last time he’d broken a bone, he’d been four years old, and he’d broken his ankle. It had hurt a lot; that day stood out because of the pain. Getting down, he said, “Aunt Alora’s going to ditch me.” “No, she’s not.” “She is.” Once she had someone better, and she would, guaranteed, she would ditch him. He wasn’t anything special, after all, he was frequently not Good Enough... “She won’t. I mean, she likes you. A lot.” Heading up the path back to the Enclave, Ben looked around at the students, students who were currently practicing sparring even as Annie spoke. “We like you.” Ben turned to her, smiled. “Thanks.” “No problem. Look, just talk to her and -- ’’ “Hope she doesn’t kill us?” Thomas said. “Yeah.” Annie sighed. “Let’s hope.” They reached the Enclave, and Aunt Alora’s room. Ben knocked on the door. “Aunt Alora?” he said. “Are you there?” The door opened and Aunt Alora came out. She looked pretty, Ben thought; there was something about her that seemed calm, at peace, almost glowing with the Light. Her hair was loose, and so she looked younger than she was. “Ben,” she said. “You okay?” “I...” The words burst out of him before he could stop them. “I won’t be sent away, will I?” “No, Ben,” Aunt Alora said. “Of course not.” She beamed at him. “You’ll always have a place with us. I promise.” *** The day her daughter was born was a joyous one, but it was also an occasion of what felt like endless amounts of pain beforehand. Even pushing felt as if she were trying to expel a giant weight from her body, straining just to get it out. Outside in the hospital waiting room, she could hear Ben’s voice she’s dying; we’ve got to help her and she sent reassurance through the Force. She wasn’t dying, after all. Having difficulty giving birth and pushing (even the midwife droid telling her to push was enough to make her want to shout, “What do you think I’m doing?”), but she was all right. Yeah. Alora Danes-Skywalker was doing all right. And the moment that she finally stopped gripping Luke’s hand for dear life, the moment she heard a wail fill the air, she knew it was worth it. Even with the mess afterwards they had to clean up. Even with the matter of cleaning up and swaddling the baby -- it was their baby, and she was beautiful. Even putting her in Alora’s arms, she knew that this baby was a miniature marvel, and beautiful. Luke seemed just as blown away, tracing their infant daughter’s face as if it were something remarkable, something precious. They did hold something precious, right here in their arms. “Jaina. How about Jaina?” “Jaina Skywalker?” Luke grinned. “It’s perfect. Welcome to the galaxy, Jaina Skywalker. We’ve been looking forward to seeing you.” *** The moment that Ben and Han were allowed into the hospital room, Ben practically sprinted to his aunt’s bed, where she waved up at him. “Are you okay, Aunt Alora?” His aunt grinned. “Never better. Say hi to your new cousin, Ben. Her name’s Jaina.” Ben, gingerly, took the baby from his aunt’s arms. Most babies were gross and wrinkly and sticky and cried a lot, Ben found, but Jaina was relatively quiet, looking up curiously at her cousin. She had big eyes -- blue eyes. They looked like they could hold the secrets of the universe in there. “Um...hello,” he said. So this was the interloper he was so afraid of? She seemed so harmless. So little. Were babies really that little? Jaina reached up, touching his face gently, curiously. “I’m your cousin, Ben,” he said. “It’s nice to meet you.” Even looking down at how small she was, he couldn’t help but wonder. Everyone seemed to be taller than Ben Solo, but this was the first time that there was a being smaller than he was. It was a strange feeling. And then she started yanking on his hair, crowing in glee. “Ow!” Ben jerked away, rubbing his hair gingerly. “Uncle Luke, she’s pulling my hair!” Luke, meanwhile, sighed good-naturedly. “Jaina, stop that. That’s really painful. You’re hurting him.” Jaina reached up again, but this time, it was to touch Ben’s nose. Ben had always hated that part of him, an almost hooked large nose, but Jaina actually seemed curious. Gentle. “Think they’ll get on well?” Uncle Luke, this time. A chuckle from Aunt Alora. “They’ll be fine. I think they’re getting off on the right foot.” Chapter 11 : Chapter 10: Layers and Spirals Summary: In which witnessing Jaina's vulnerability leads Leia to a different look at what she learned about her father. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Just a bit of a warning, there is some -- Han and Leia filtered -- less than flattering observations about Anakin/Vader. Very much their perspective, but...thought I'd warn you. Even getting the birth announcements for Jaina Skywalker made Leia wish that she was around for Luke’s family more. It wasn’t even that she hadn’t attended Luke’s wedding or anything like that. That was back before Ben was born. That was back before things got really bad, she knew that much. That was before things got more complicated. It was one of those rare things where she could actually go and visit Luke and the others -- and even seeing how small Jaina was was enough to send her into shock. Ben was small -- though he was starting to get taller -- but Jaina herself was practically tiny. Ben had been tiny as a baby too, but there was something about Jaina’s tiny nature that made Leia suddenly freeze. She was currently laughing with Ben, who was playing peek-a-boo with Jaina. “Where’s Jaya? Where’s Jaya?” Ben’s hands were still covering his eyes. “Did she disappear? Did she turn invisible? Where’s Jaya?” Jaina giggled. It was clear that she loved playing this game. “There she is!” Ben pulled his hands away from his eyes. Jaina crowed in glee. And the more Leia watched Ben play with baby Jaina, Jaina laughing vibrantly, shrilly, almost a cackle of glee, Leia already felt as if she were looking into a mirror back...thirty-eight years? Had it been that long? And how had she and Han both come so far? Whatever it was, she saw Jaina, saw her big eyes and chubby hands and wild hair (already a shock of brown hair like Alora’s), and her heart ached. To think of her wonderful niece and her sweet, beautiful son, to think of Vader’s hateful hand trying to choke the life out of them in utero to satisfy a paranoid rage (and Ben Kenobi had been halfway responsible, in a way betrayed her mother too...) was unbearable. The flutter of a kicking baby, the heartbeat in the womb...that was how little I was, how little Luke was, when my father -- my monster tried to kill us with our mother. I was only a child. We were both children. “We were both children.” Leia said, softly, and she could feel that reality settle in too heavily, too bitterly. She felt Han’s hand on her shoulder. “You okay, Leia?” She turned to look at him and nodded. “Fine.” “You look tense.” “Do I? Yeah, I guess I do.” Not so far away from them, Jaina and Ben were still playing peek-a-boo. Han shoved his hands in his pockets, turned to her. “More specifically, you look like you’ve seen a ghost, Leia.” “Yeah. I guess I did.” Silence. “Who’d want to harm a child?” “A monster is what.” Han’s voice hardened. “What your father did to you wasn’t right. He’s not really your father anyway. Just because that Huttslime -- ’’ “Yeah, I know.” Leia ran a hand through the part of her hair that wasn't braided. “He’s not and never will be my father.” She wanted to talk about more, talk about how she wondered occasionally if Ben was going down the same path the living shadow in his room, how drawn he had been to it, the explosions of anger or anxiety that occasionally came up and the matter of his potential in the Force, amazing potential for both Light and Dark but there were some things that Han wasn’t ready for. There were some things that it would break his heart to hear. And Leia didn’t want that. And would he understand? Would he be afraid of Ben when Leia didn't want him to be? Would he assume that she was just trying to demonize Ben never mind she wasn’t? Leia didn’t know. But she knew she couldn’t tell Han the rest. She knew there were many things that were hard to say, and this was one of them. She just knew that whatever happened, she would do what she could to protect her wonderful son and her wonderful niece. No matter what. She and Han stood on the hill, arms about the other, watching the children play, and Leia quietly renewed her promise to keep Ben safe. Chapter 12 : Chapter 11: Boogeyman Summary: In which Snoke meets baby Jaina for the first time. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Part of Snoke's backstory was pretty influenced by Jeremy Jahns' review of TFA. He actually speculated that Snoke was old enough to basically have hung out with Yoda, and that got the gears in my mind going. The first time that Snoke had met baby Jaina Skywalker, it hadn’t gotten off on the right foot. And that was putting it mildly. The other masters had warmed to her just about immediately and she to them (aside from the crying that usually meant she needed a rest) but Snoke... Snoke hadn’t considered his attempts to blend into the Jedi Order to be nearly undone by a baby, but there it was, there it all was. It started when Master Skywalker began introducing her to Snoke, but it went downhill the moment she saw his face. Snoke was aware that he was hideous to behold. He had once been handsome. Some parts were hideous in his eyes. But he had had other features that had been pleasing to the eye -- his eyes, to begin with. Aldric of Milara had had some aspects of beauty to him, even though there were others he kept out of sight. Now, with his numerous scars, including one where Yoda’s lightsaber had nearly cloven through his jaw and how he hated Yoda for that. Long ago, he cared for Yoda, as deeply as kin, but that had been before Yoda had betrayed him to a young child, he likely looked the boogeyman that younglings were afraid of. It was how others likely saw him. The monster who had to be taken down no matter what the cost. It had been how Yoda had seen him. Jaina wailed. It was the sort of sound that Snoke had come to associate with the worse nights in the orphanage, borderline inconsolable Milaran infants (humans apparently called them “colicky”), and on other nights, the sounds of shouting outside. The sound of blasterfire. “What’s wrong, Jaya?” Master Skywalker’s voice was soft. “Are you okay?” Jaina whimpered, tried to hide her face even as Master Skywalker rocked her. He sighed. “I’m sorry, Master Yana. She'll be better in a moment or so, I promise.” Master Skywalker walked off, still gently rocking Jaina, murmuring softly to her. Snoke sighed to himself. His initial introduction had much to be desired, it seemed. It had been easier with Ben. Ben had not seen his face up close, but Jaina had. Far from her fault that she had cried like that; it was an unfamiliar face she didn’t understand. Moments later, Master Skywalker came back, Jaina still clinging to his shoulder, the latter still seeming nervous, clinging to her father’s robe. “He’s fine, really. Jaya -- this is Master Yana. Don’t worry, Jaya...” Master Skywalker was crooning to the infant in a way that, to Snoke, made him suppose he would never understand human behavior. Did all parents get like this? Was it as if their capacity for eloquent speech went down the moment they came in contact with a small child? Of course, Snoke only had hazy memories of his own parents. Too hazy. He had been quite young when they had died, after all. “He won’t hurt you,” Master Skywalker said. “He won't hurt you.” No, he wouldn't. Even if he wanted to, it would barely serve a purpose. He reached into her mind, no more than a tentative, curious tendril. Hello, small one. After a while, she responded, with curiosity, if nervous curiosity. She was small. Even looking at her, Snoke was amazed at how small she was -- bright blue eyes looking up at him, curious, but not quite as afraid. He was getting better at this then. “I’m sorry about this, by the way,” Skywalker said. “Oh, there is no need.” Snoke was all too used to it. Many people who had seen the multiple scars he had were horrified -- they didn't see the history behind it (the scar where Yoda had nearly severed his jaw, the scar vertical on his head where he’d fallen into the river and nearly drowned, the scars where his knuckles had been branded with a plasma torch), but they found the scars horrifying nonetheless. Snoke would not have minded normally; after all, being the leader of the First Order, aesthetics were almost insignificant. But now, being around an infant just taking in the world for the first time... It seemed his cover, flimsy as it was, was nearly blown. From the infant’s perspective, he no doubt looked like the boogeyman. Hardly her fault, but still irritating nonetheless. Jaina reached up and touched his face. Small at first before tracing along the contours, so carefully all the while. The moment was too sweet for Snoke’s comfort. At least the infant had now accepted him, as it were. Mission accomplished, as others would say. She and Ben both...they would make invaluable apprentices in the future. Both of them had so much power in them, a perfect blend of light and dark. The balance that Snoke needed in his efforts. They would bring the balance where the Jedi could not. Snoke looked down at the infant, and smiled. Outsiders wouldn't notice anything particularly strange about it; it would have seemed even benevolent in nature. But those who looked closer would sense something off about it, something sinister. You, little Skywalker...you’ll go far. You and Ben... I know you both will. Chapter 13 : Chapter Twelve: For Clan Ordo Summary: In which we get one of the Knights of Ren's origin stories as Snoke continues to recruit. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Yes, Atin the Mandalorian is a descendant of Canderous Ordo. I was stuck for last names before choosing this. Today’s job was just another day in tedium (also known as Nar Shaddaa) for Atin Ordo. Even heading back from a meeting with his Hutt crimelord, where he’d gotten the necessary credits, Atin couldn’t help but wonder -- was that, really, all there was? They used to have a legacy, and a glorious one at that. Atin had grown up hearing the old stories of battles such as Althir, and Malachor, when the Sith had promised them glory that would echo throughout history. They’d been warriors -- then somewhere along the line, that glory had been reduced to mere bounty hunter-dom. The death of Jango Fett and the domestication of Mandalore by the hut’uun so-called pacifist Satine Kryze had added more salt into the wound. That was what Atin had been told, at least, growing up amongst the Mandalorians who had refused to buckle under Satine’s new doctrine. Now here he was, working errands for a Hutt -- a job that was about as glorious as a job as a full-time cannok exterminator. Even heading back to the beat-up apartment that served as home, Atin could only wonder how, exactly, he’d got here. And now on top of that, he could have sworn he was being watched. Atin couldn’t put his finger on it, but it was as if someone was following him. He could feel their eyes boring into his back. A Mandalorian wasn’t going to be intimidated by something like that, so Atin headed out towards where he swore that he was being watched -- -- only to see a towering figure, ramrod-straight, wearing a golden mask that reminded Atin almost of Mandalore the Ultimate. “Business is closed,” Atin said. “For the night. If you’re here for some sort of hit, you’re gonna have to come back tomorrow -- ’’ “I’m not here for that.” There was something weird about his voice, Atin thought, the figure in the gold mask -- there was something about it that reminded Atin of crackling fires. “So...what? You watching the chaos?” “I have an offer for you. Not a hit. You’re tired of those errands you run on Nar Shaddaa, aren’t you? Being someone’s errand boy. Being someone’s personal cannok exterminator. Can’t say I blame you. Terribly boring life, isn’t it?” Atin nodded. This stranger...whoever this stranger was, he seemed to read his thoughts as well as an open holobook. It wasn’t what one would call a comfortable feeling. Atin was used to feeling unreadable, in control. People feared you more easily that way, when they couldn’t see what was behind the mask. “Not to mention...is he a good boss, this Hutt?” Atin snorted. “By Mandalore, no.” And he could already feel his anger rising thinking about it. To think that he chained himself to that overgrown slug for years, and for what? Just to be verbally abused and treated like one of that Hutt’s servants instead of a bounty hunter? Some people had no respect for Mandalorians these days. Of course, considering the traitor Satine Kryze...Death Watch had been heroes trying to take back what was theirs, and nothing anyone said could sway Atin from that position. “He...treats you quite badly.” “No, he treats me excellently,” Atin said sarcastically, “Like a prince.” The man in the gold mask tilted his head. “Not so much. It’s quite arrogant of him.” Atin snorted. “Try telling him that. Look, as much as I’d love to stay and chat, what’s your offer? What’s better than this?” “Besides anything?” said the gold masked figure wryly. “What if you came with us?” His voice became more earnest, more persuasive. “What if I gave you the chance to take back what Satine Kryze denied you? Would you take it?” “Well, yes. What are you thinking?” And Atin couldn't deny that his heart sped up at least a little bit. The idea of taking back what was rightfully his, what was rightfully the Mandalorians’, was too wonderful to imagine. Too wonderful to picture. “I am Lisaris. I work for Supreme Leader Snoke of the First Order.” “Wait. The First Order?” As far as Atin heard, the group were fanatics. Not exactly the types that a Mandalorian would want to get tangled up in. “Are you afraid?” “No. Just a little suspicious is all.” “I see. Just know that we are not Exar Kun or the True Sith of old. We are better, much better. And we can help you take back the legacy the hut’uun snatched from you.” And that thought... In his mind, Atin could already picture fighting battles that echoed throughout history. He could picture something along the lines of Althir, of Malachor, of Dxun and other places, restoring the Mandalorians to warriors, not weaklings. Or for that matter, professional cannok exterminators. For the first time in his life, he could actually imagine himself having a purpose. “Sounds like something. What do I have to do?” “The Supreme Leader,” said Lisaris, and all the while, his voice was quieter now, as if there was some secret between them, “Has hidden us from the galaxy. He is still planning what he needs to do, including recruiting for the Knights of Ren.” “You a Knight?” “One of them,” said Lisaris. “Now, to come with us, you have to keep this secret.” “Deal.” “Good. Now, listen carefully...” Atin listened, and all the while, thoughts of his future, his glorious future, played through his mind. Chapter 14 : Chapter Thirteen: Black Supernova Summary: In which Ben gets his first look at slavery. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Trigger warning for discussion of slavery and child abuse. Ben Solo was thirteen years old when he got his first look at slavery. It was on a mission to Nar Shaddaa that he had known that, supposedly having started out with investigating a ship known as the Black Supernova and their trading practices. It had started out, Ben thought, as some sort of trading dispute. What they found on the inside was much worse. There was something about even entering the ship that reminded Ben too much of being in a horror holo that he would occasionally watch with Annie, Thomas and others in the Yavin Enclave. The ship seemed to be empty, even desolate at first, and Ben couldn’t see how investigating the ship would lead to anywhere but a dead end. “I think we should turn around.” Michael, this time. Michael was six years older than Ben but despite all of it, they got on pretty well. Mike wasn’t usually the sort who would back down from a challenge, but even he seemed unnerved. “We’re on a mission. We can’t turn back now.” Annie said. Ben couldn’t really disagree with either of them, actually. In fact, everything about this ship just felt wrong. Probably like one of those ships that you saw in the horror holovids that seemed to be abandoned before something inevitably lunged out of the shadows. “We better stick together,” he said. It was rounding a corner that he heard a sniffle. A faint one. They weren’t alone. He headed towards the source of the noise, only to see a girl huddled in a corner in ragged clothes, shaking like a leaf. A young girl, emaciated, ragged, with tangled dark hair, probably nine years old, looked up at him, and the first bruise Ben saw on her cheek made him wish, more than anything, he could murder whoever did this. “Don’t be afraid.” It was one of those moments where Ben’s naturally soft voice (a voice Master Naris had ridiculed him for) actually came in handy. He squatted beside the girl. “What’s your name?” “Miranda.” “Nice to meet you, Miranda. I’m Ben. I’m getting you out of here.” “You’re here to help us?” “Yeah.” Annie, this time. “We’re the Jedi rescue squad. We’re here to get you out of here.” “They’ll kill you if they find you.” The girl took several deep, shuddering breaths. “Mama and Daddy -- the bad men took them away. They’re down in the cells. They take them down here to...to...” She sniffled again. Ben took her hand; he didn’t know if it would be a good idea giving her a hug, but he had to do something to show his support. To let her know she had people who cared about her. To let her know she was going to be all right. “It’s okay,” he said. Footsteps. And Ben knew that it was the slavers. Blaster bolts went flying through the air, but Ben and the others, just in time, managed to get them before they hit Miranda. “Go!” Ben said. “Go hide. We’ll hold them off.” The girl did. The leader stepped forward. “After her, men! After her!” Oh, don’t you even dare -- Ben took out his lightsaber and began slashing. It was almost as if the fury had become bigger than his body, bigger than his bones, and already, he was furious at the slavers, furious for what they’d done. And he almost wanted to, in the fight, shove what they had done into their minds. You monsters, he wanted to say. How could you? You beat a child. A child! And now you’re trying to hurt her even more as well -- The slavers fell to the ground and Ben stood over their bodies, gasping for breath, and already, wondering if he’d done the right thing -- then he remembered the child shaking like a leaf in the corner and he knew he had done the right thing. Ben turned towards the other slaves, who were watching in astonishment. “It’s all right,” he said. “Get on the ships.” They did, though not before Miranda ran to a tall dark-haired woman, her mother most likely, and a dark-haired man who was likely her father. Even watching the both of them reunite, Ben knew, in his heart, he had at least done that right. Even if he had lost control. They got back on their ship and leapt to hyperspace then, leaving the Black Supernova far behind. Chapter 15 : Chapter Fourteen: Uncommon Boy Summary: In which Ben and Yana have a talk. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Trigger warning for discussion of past child abuse. Landing back on Yavin IV didn’t do much to assuage Ben’s thoughts even returning from the Black Supernova. Even with interviewing Miranda and realizing she had latent Force potential -- which was astounding -- it was interesting, and yet it didn’t take Ben’s mind off the fact that he had killed. He had made mistakes before. Getting in physical fights with Jimmy Nichos. Getting angry. Accidentally reading people’s minds. But this... What if this was just the first step down the Dark Side? Yoda had once said that once you start down the dark path, it would forever dominate your destiny (albeit with the words reversed) and looking out the window of the Enclave, Annie and Thomas doing homework not too far away from him, looking out at Miranda playing with the younglings...Ben wondered if that would happen to him next. After all, Sith weren’t just scary monsters; they’d been sentient beings too, right? Beings with hopes and dreams who probably never dreamed they’d fall, but ended up doing it anyways. And it all just took one step. One step and you fell into the darkness. One step and you lost yourself. Was that going to happen to Ben? After all, according to Uncle Luke, wishing and praying weren’t enough. Was that going to happen to him? “Ben.” Yana’s voice. “Is everything all right?” And there was something about Yana’s voice that was enough to, strangely, calm Ben down, make him turn towards that wise, rarely seen face. “I guess so.” “You are still unsettled by your trip to the Black Supernova, aren’t you?” It was difficult to describe the effects that Poe and Yana both had on him. It was as if they could see into his very soul and understand what he was trying to say. As if they simply knew what he was thinking, feeling, going through. They were both on the same wavelength, in the same sync. They swam in the same sea. And Yana was almost like the other half of his thoughts, as if they could carry on a conversation and even not speaking, they could convey full well what they were going to say. “I just...” Ben bit his lip. “They knew. They must have known, and they didn’t do anything to help them. People were suffering and dying and they didn’t do anything.” He sighed. It was at least half the truth, if not the full truth of what he feared. “It’s not fair.” “Unfairness, you’ll find, is a frequent truth in this galaxy. Others like to pretend that it is a just galaxy where the wicked get their reward and the good get their vindication, but it is not so. I myself grew up in such a place that proved as much.” “I’m so sorry.” “It was called Milara,” said Yana. “You are familiar with it, yes?” “Yeah. It underwent...some sort of civil war, didn’t it?” “That’s one way to put it. I lost my family to that war when I was quite young.” “I’m so sorry.” “The fault is not yours, Ben.” “I’m still sorry you lost them,” Ben said. He doubted he could even imagine the pain of such a loss. “I fled. I ran so far...I looked for shelters to hide from the bombs and when the dust cleared, my family was killed.” Yana’s voice didn’t even shake as he spoke; the way he said all of this, he might as well have been giving a report for the holonews. “I was sent to an orphanage. The workers...were not kind to me, or any of the orphans under their care. We were frequently punished, and there were always rumors about...things that arose in the orphanage.” But there was more than that. Ben could hear the cry of a young boy as something -- a fist? -- impacted against flesh, and he knew that cry was Yana’s own. Small Yana, large-eyed, tiny, vulnerable and scared, being hurt by those animals -- And in spite of himself, Ben’s breath hitched. “They beat you?” He could hardly wrap his mind around the very idea. His parents had been cruel to him on occasion -- Ben couldn’t say whether or not it was on purpose, he only knew it hurt -- but he had never been abused. He could only picture a smaller version of Yana -- what would that look like? -- cowering from some...monster’s fists, or whips. He shivered. Who would do that to a defenseless youngling? The same ones who beat and starved Miranda. Evil people. “They did.” Yana’s voice did not quiver. Indeed, he seemed too calm. But Ben could feel the terror, the pain of the youngling streaming into his thoughts. And a voice, small, boyish. Don’t . Not that the shadows listened. He backed away. “Ben?” “I’m fine. It’s just...how could they? You were a youngling.” Silence. Then, “I doubt they cared about such things. They left their share of scars on me to this day. The scars on my knuckles...” He held his hand out to Ben. Yana’s hands were skeletal things, pale, and for the first time, Ben saw the burns and scars that seemed to cover them. They looked as if -- Force. Dear Force... And yet Ben could get sensations through the Force. A series of harsh words in a language that Ben could only assume was Milaran. A scream of pain. “Your eyes,” Yana said, and his voice seemed to waver if slightly, “Am I...hideous to you?” “No,” Ben finally said. “You’re not hideous. Not even a little. Trust me.” He wet his lips. “I think you’re one of the bravest creatures that I’ve ever met, actually.” A flicker of surprise seemed to come across Yana’s face. Then, “You do...mean every word you say, don't you, Ben?” “Yes.” Yana looked thoughtful. “I can’t say that I heard that. They inflicted these beatings on me until a Jedi found me after I ran away. I was quite young at the time. The Order...unfortunately, they weren't terribly interested in improving things on Milara.” A hint of contempt entered Yana’s voice. “If it wasn’t dealing with the trivialities of the privileged and powerful, they couldn't be bothered. The sufferings of those in the Milaran colony...they were insignificant to the Council. Even speaking about it to them, they were slow to act at best. I suppose such a case isn’t unique, however. Tatooine, for example.” “But that’s not fair!” Ben said. “They could have sent out a Jedi. Done something.” “They would have justified it with patience and meditation. Never mind that such things have never helped the galaxy. Think of it, Ben -- of injustice was going on, in front of you, would you leap into action, or would you wait?” Silence. Then, “I’d leap into action.” “Spoken like a true warrior. But that’s not what the Jedi did. They did what they have always done: they waited.” Ben’s breath hitched. He looked over the leftover, not-entirely-faded scars on Yana’s knuckles, the scars of a plasma torch that those beasts had used on a child, and wondered how anyone could even refuse to do anything to help every child who had suffered so. “Master Yana...” he said softly, and he wished that he could do something, anything, to ease the pain that Yana the youngling had been in. That Yana was still in now. The shame was blooming in Yana still, as if it was somehow his fault that the managers of the orphanage had burnt his knuckles and whipped him. As if he were an evil child. But he wasn’t. He never was. He reached out to Yana, put a hand near his. Yana merely nodded, and Ben took it, gently. His hand barely matched up to Snoke’s, but he could gently, soothingly go over each knuckle with his fingers, looking at each burn, each brand. “I’m sorry,” Ben said softly. “It wasn’t your fault. You didn't deserve this.” “You are very kind, Ben. It’s...admittedly taken some time for me to understand this. The Order was more than accommodating, but I doubt they knew how to treat a child who had come from a background of abuse.” “If I were running the Order, I would have helped you.” Ben said. “I really would have. I would have done anything.” “I know.” Yana smiled. “You are a good, kind soul, Ben Solo. There are very little in the galaxy nowadays.” “I’m sure there are more,” Ben said. “You just have to know where to look.” “They are rare. You, Ben...I will admit you are unlike anyone I’ve ever known.” “I don’t know if it’s always a good thing. I...I got so angry on the Black Supernova ...” “The Jedi can pretend otherwise, Ben, but you’ll find that anger is the fire of action. You did nothing wrong on that ship. Anger is a natural response to injustice. The Jedi would prefer we be mindless, emotionless drones instead of real, breathing people.” “That’s kind of harsh,” Ben said. “I mean -- ’’ “Didn’t you feel alive on that ship, Ben? Righteous, justified?” “I did.” And I shouldn’t have. Yana placed a hand on his shoulder. “My dear Ben, anger is the inspiration that fuels the art of justice. You rid the galaxy of undeserving scum. Guilt is unnecessary.” “But I’m not a good Jedi.” “Is anyone?” said Yana. They sat together, watching Miranda play with the other younglings, and Ben could take comfort in the fact that she was safe, that the other slaves were safe. There were others, but he would find them soon and free the slaves. No killing, just freeing them. Everything would be all right. I’ll find them and free them, and no one should ever have to suffer again. Chapter 16 : Chapter Fifteen: Anyone Anywhere Summary: In which Ben and co. get even more determined to help the slaves, and Ben's later destructive tendencies make an early cameo. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Ben’s lightsaber clove through the training dummies as if they were nothing at all. Even as they fell to the ground, bits and pieces of them lying around on the floor, there was something about it where it somehow wasn’t enough. There was something about it where it somehow wasn’t sufficient. How dare his uncle -- when there were people suffering and dying, telling him to use patience and meditation, to wait? Even his uncle telling him that they were doing the best they could to find the other ships -- it made no sense. They had the Force. Couldn’t they stretch out with their emotions, find the slavers -- When the training dummies were finally in pieces, Ben stood over the pieces, breathing heavily. At least the anger was out of him. He hadn’t expected to have so much of it, of course, and he wondered if this was just further proof of something, anything, being wrong with him. Other Jedi didn’t have this amount of anger. “Ben?” Yana’s voice. “Is everything all right?” “Yeah.” Ben took a deep breath. “You better not come in here. It’s...a bit of a mess.” “I know.” Yana stepped in, carefully avoiding a piece of one of the downed mannequins, not even batting an eyelash (if he had eyelashes, Ben couldn’t tell) at the mess on the floor. Thomas and Annie followed, along with Mike. The group of them looked just as agitated. “It just...made me angry,” Ben said. “What my uncle said.” “I know,” Annie said. “It’s outrageous. I can’t believe Master Skywalker’s just...” She shook her head. Even using the Force to levitate each piece into the bins, Ben could see that her eyes were red-rimmed, as if she’d been crying. “Yeah,” Ben said. “I can’t either.” Annie nodded. Then, “Why do the dummies help, Ben? I’m just curious.” Ben shrugged. “Because I feel if I don’t do...something, I’ll explode.” That was the best way to describe it. As if his anger was energy that was all but begging to be let out of his body. As if his anger was energy that strained and howled and screamed inside his body and it was ever the monster inside him that could take over at any time. His Beast. While the Beast lived inside him, it seemed to be pacing around in a cage, clawing at Ben, screaming in a voice of its own, or occasionally gnawing at him and whispering at him, beckoning to him to give into it. It was the call of everything Dark inside him, and he hated it. “Well, if it works...” Michael shrugged. “I don’t think anyone’s gone Dark from slashing up the training dummies.” “That would be the day,” Ben said. And in spite of himself, he felt a smile tugging at the corner of his lips. It was once all the dummy pieces were put away and the new dummies were put up that Annie looked over at Ben. “We’re never going to stop trying to help them,” she said. “No matter what it takes. I mean, even if the Masters don’t want to help, we can do what we can to help.” “I think Master Skywalker does want to help -- ’’ said Thomas. “Yeah, I guess,” Annie said. “But still...if other people can’t help those in need, at least we can. I’m thinking of going and seeing what the others think.” “Good idea,” Ben said. “We need all the help we can get.” It was walking back through the hallways that Yana spoke. “You remind me more than a bit of a boy,” said Yana. “Even when I first met you. You weren’t a slave like he was, but you had his idealism. His name was Anakin Skywalker.” “My grandfather was a slave?” Uncle Luke had told his share of stories about Grandfather’s adventures during the Clone Wars and such but he had never said something like this. Even picturing it, Ben could not help but feel a stab of horror and pity for him. Having to live like that, having to live in such conditions... Ben could barely fathom it. He wasn’t tortured like Miranda was, was he? Even the idea that anyone could do something so wretched, so awful to a child... How could anyone think it was all right? Yana nodded. “Up to when he was nine years old. That was when he came to the Jedi Order. In that respect, he was actually quite a sweet, charming young boy. I only met him a few times, but he was very kind, friendly, respectful. He waited for his mother to be freed, as well as the other slaves, but the Council didn’t grant his request.” “But that’s...wrong,” Ben said. He bit his lip. “Someone should have done something. Someone should have helped him. And his mom too, and the others...” He tried picturing his own mother being in something like Miranda’s situation, tried to picture the other slaves and what they’d gone through, and he blinked, having to look away from Yana for a moment. “Why didn’t the Council do anything?” “Their compassion had long been shriveled,” said Yana. “Perhaps they cared nothing for the slaves on Tatooine, for were they not just slaves?” His voice took on a note of bitterness, of sarcasm, as he spoke. “Were they not insignificant?” “But nobody’s insignificant,” Ben said. “How can they think that?” “When one’s locked away in their Temples too long, and they perceive the universe through the windows of their Council chambers, it is akin to attempting to see the universe through a crack in a door.” “I guess. But it’s still not fair.” “The galaxy is far from fair.” “Yeah, I figured that. But still...” Ben sighed. “Is it possible to get the others out? Like, if there are other slavers out there, we could stop them?” “The question is, Ben, where do you want to start?” “Anywhere,” Ben said. “Anywhere in the galaxy. Anywhere at all.” Chapter 17 : Chapter Sixteen: Poe's Helping Hand Summary: In which Poe Dameron comes back into the picture. Poe/Ben undertones. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. A year passed. Ben turned fourteen, and they were still trying to navigate the matter of stopping slavery. It wasn’t easy, but they could at least get some Jedi behind them. That was a plus. Getting the others was going to be slightly more difficult. Annie, however, was far from stuck for ideas. “Have you considered talking to your mom?” she said. “I mean, she's probably going to be up for this as much as you are.” “Yeah.” Assuming the Senate hadn’t all but tied her hands in that regard. They probably had, at least in some regard. The Senate was like that. About as useful as a screen door on a submersible. And that was enough to make Ben even angrier at the matter of what was happening. Poe was up for it, of course. “I heard about it in your holomail,” he said. “It’s just wrong. And the fact the Senate isn’t doing anything about it is just even more wrong.” Ben’s heart lifted even hearing that. Sometimes, Poe seemed to know exactly what he was thinking. He and Yana both -- it was like they could understand what he was thinking and feeling, what was going on, without so much as needing Ben to say a word. Of course, there were a lot of things about Poe that Ben admired. The truth was, Ben thought, there was something about Poe at seventeen that made Ben envy him. He seemed so very confident, so very much like he’d figured it all out, while Ben was still trying to navigate being fourteen, which...honestly, after the milestone that was thirteen, the best thing you could say about fourteen was the fact that it was the year that Ben was fighting against slavery. And there was the fact he was smart. And kind. And -- “I couldn't agree more, Poe.” Ben sighed. “We’ve been finding more circles and everything, but...I think we could use a little more help.” “I can probably give you a search back,” Poe said. “The name of the ship was the Black Supernova , right?” “Yeah.” “Great. I’ll mail you the results when I get them, I promise.” Ben grinned. “Poe, you’re amazing.” “No problem. Honestly, you’re doing the right thing, Ben. All of you are. You’re doing beautifully.” There was something about Poe’s reassurance in that moment that made Ben feel his heart lift. There was nothing wrong with them. There was everything wrong with the fact the Council was doing nothing, but there was nothing wrong with them. *** There was still something about the way that Ben had said “Poe, you’re amazing” that made Poe feel unexpectedly fluttery, although he had tried to push it aside. He couldn’t say why, but he knew that ever since recently at least, he had started to develop...something for Ben. It was just a matter of feeling comfortable in his presence, feeling a sort of happiness whenever Ben would call, things like that. The small things. Always the small things. The small things that made Poe Dameron feel strangely giddy. Here -- anything for him, right? And considering that the Senate and the Order both couldn’t be bothered to do the right thing, they had to do what they could. Poe sat down at the terminal and typed in BLACK SUPERNOVA, and after a bit of refinement (as apparently the archives thought that he was talking about the heavy isotope band that was currently touring), he got it. The Black Supernova. Part of the New Exchange front. Current leader of the Black Supernova front was named Haranka Navarre, who was Echani. How exactly an Echani got into the slave business, Poe couldn’t say he knew. But he had a name. And with a name, they knew where to go from there. *** It was later that Ben got back the holomail from Poe. He had been waiting, of course, to get the name back, patiently all the while. Meditating was difficult, and Uncle Luke had had to chastise him for not doing it “right”, which really made no sense. What good was meditating going to do in the real world? Besides if, somehow, you found a good spot. But most of the galaxy wasn’t slowing down for meditating, why should Ben? By the time Ben got back to his room, he was already irritated, already angry. He shouldn’t have said what he said to Uncle Luke regarding him being borderline not caring, but he had been anxious enough, frustrated enough. It was a miracle Uncle Luke hadn’t thrown him out of the Academy. Yet, that is. He threw himself down on the bed, only for his datapad to start beeping. More specifically, the holomail portion. He opened it. It was Poe. And there were three words in it, but three that could help them. His name’s Haranka. Ben grinned and began typing back. Poe, you are amazing, thank you so much! I’m definitely going to give this to Thomas and Annie while I can. I promise. He hit SEND, still grinning. They had a name. And now...now they could probably give it over to the Republic in time just to make sure Haranka was arrested. Hopefully. Chapter 18 : Chapter Seventeen: The Polar Regions Summary: In which Ben and co. head off to Telos, and encounter Haranka. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Trigger warning for scenes of slavery. Also, I hope I'm not making Ben too unlikeable here. It was days later that they were heading out to Haranka’s hideout. Apparently, the last that they had seen him was just near the polar regions of Telos. Heading down below, Ben couldn’t picture a man like Haranka hiding in such cold regions, but then again, he supposed, if you were a criminal, you hid in places that others wouldn’t expect you to hide. They descended from the shuttle with Lieutenant Avelin. Avelin was forty-five, with long, shaggy brown hair, and a certainty to her face that Ben supposed just came easily with adults. He wished that there was some way to acquire that certainty, that sureness. Did you have to wait for it to occur, he couldn't help but wonder. Or were there classes you could take, just to make sure that you got it all right? Ben didn’t know. “Right,” Avelin said. “You’re going to have to be careful, all of you. This is pretty dangerous business.” “Figured that one,” Ben said. “Stay close to me,” Avelin said. “And if I tell you to run, run. Quickly.” Ben nodded. He didn’t know why she was telling them this; they were Jedi. They could defend themselves. But he nodded. “Right,” he said. They descended lower into the old Academy -- the Academy that Brianna Kae had taken over following the death of her mistress, Atris -- and Ben could already hear the screaming. Annie ignited her lightsaber, a green in contrast to Ben’s blue and Thomas’ orange, and spun around. “Careful,” Avelin said. “You don’t know who’s up ahead of us.” She and Poe, meanwhile, had their blasters at their sides. The screaming grew louder, and it was the sort of screaming that sounded like nothing that any sentient lungs could come up with. Avelin continued in. And Ben could see a man for the first time, standing next to a control panel, switching it on and off, dispensing the shocks to the prisoner in the Force cage. Other prisoners were gathered in Force cages, watching in horror. “Haranka.” One of the prisoners, one of the slaves, a woman. “Please. Stop this.” Haranka smiled. He was handsome, Ben thought, but that handsomeness was marred by how sickening the smile looked on his sculpted features. Twisted, sick, evil. “Use my title.” “Master.” The woman sounded broken. “Master, please...” Next to him, Ben could sense Annie tense, shaking with rage. Then Avelin spoke. “Put your hands in the air, Haranka.” Haranka’s smile grew wider. “Lieutenant Avelin. What an unexpected pleasure.” “I said put your hands in the air.” “What makes you think that I would do that?” Haranka reached into his pocket, pulled out an Echani vibroblade. The rest of the fight was an explosion of blasterfire and slashes of lightsabers, color seeming to provide splashes in the dingy room even as Ben and the others fought against Haranka and the slaves fled, releasing the Force cage so the woman prisoner could escape too. Haranka was good, Ben thought, even as he fended off yet another blow. Skilled. Ben had a lightsaber, but in comparison, Haranka was a master compared to Ben, who was still struggling. “You can’t win,” said Haranka. “If you think you can stop me from what I’m doing, if you think the Jedi can stop any of this...you could not be more wrong.” And that was what gave Ben a second wind, of sorts. Just the idea of Haranka getting away with his crimes, just the idea of what the other slaves had to go through, was enough to get him back into the fight. Slashing, all but spinning around, lost in his anger -- Ben’s blade went through both Haranka’s hands. The Echani vibroblade fell to the floor, rolled away. Despite his new state, Haranka was perfectly calm. “You fought well, young Jedi,” he said. “Very well indeed.” There were cuffs to bind his arms together, at least, by the time the rest of the TSF arrived. Even as Lieutenant Lire took Haranka away, Haranka turned to look at Ben, with the sort of scrutinizing gaze that made Ben wonder, briefly, if Haranka could see into his very soul. “Your movements have energy about them, darkness. Even righteous anger, or craving to be righteous anger.” Haranka smiled; it was a far from pleasant smile, Ben thought. Maybe the smile that would look more flattering on a maalras. “You claim to be a Jedi, and yet anger is in every movement, every step you take. Every slash, every swipe. It must be terribly frustrating, isn’t it?” “Come on,” Lieutenant Lire said, “Move it.” “I see your heart, Jedi. You can fool whoever you wish, but not me. The Echani know battle too well.” Lieutenant Lire cocked his blaster at the back of Haranka’s head. “If you don't move, sir, I’ll have to move you.” “Of course, of course,” said Haranka pleasantly. “I see.” They led Haranka away and Ben stood there, wondering if somehow his reaction had been wrong. A Jedi should not know anger. And yet this mission...this mission was bringing out more anger in him than he thought possible. Then again, wasn’t he just about always one to struggle with his anger? It was the sort that was one of his weakest points. And Haranka had sensed it. Haranka had sensed that he wasn’t strong enough. Haranka had sensed -- “Hey.” Thomas put a hand on Ben’s shoulder. “You okay?” Ben nodded. “Fine.” He didn’t want to admit, more than anything, how Haranka had scared him. Was it true? Was he a bad Jedi just because of how he lost control? He didn’t want to think about it. Even after they got on the shuttle, Ben sitting as far from the imprisoned Haranka as possible, his thoughts were roiling, wondering if he would ever, truly, be good enough. Chapter 19 : Chapter Eighteeb: Coruscant Summary: In which Haranka is arrested. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. The trip to Coruscant was long enough, but felt like an eternity when you were in the same shuttle as a slaver. When you felt his eyes, cold and dead, all but boring into the back of your head as you tried to play sabaac with a friend of yours, or anything like that. So it was for Ben Solo in that moment, even as the hyperspace routes to Coruscant seemed to stretch out forever. Lire was already keeping guard over him (and Ben did not envy him his job, actually), and he was safe playing sabaac with Poe (who was currently winning) near the front while Avelin sat up ahead, watching over the hyperspace route, but Ben was still very afraid of Haranka. The way that Haranka had so effortlessly read him and his movements was still unsettling. Echani could do that, of course; Echani saw battle as a form of expression, but still, there was something about how Haranka had read his movements that gave Ben the chills. And yes, he was angry. So very angry. Everything about the situation wasn’t right, or fair. It just wasn’t right how other people had to suffer. And he knew that anger was of the Dark Side (though Dad disagreed. Dad was a wonderful person, Ben thought, but sometimes he didn’t seem to get the Force and why exactly Ben worried so much about it, why exactly he was afraid of getting too angry. Maybe he had too much faith in Ben sometimes), but it didn’t take away from the fact that all of this was wrong. “Ben?” Poe’s voice, gentle. “Galaxy to Ben Solo, you okay?” “Oh. Right. Sorry.” Ben sighed and ran a hand across his forehead. “Just worried is all.” “I can see that. Is it about what that guy said? About...y’know?” Ben nodded. “Look, Ben,” said Poe. “Don’t listen to him. I don’t blame you for getting angry. I got angry just looking at it. And if falling to the Dark Side because you got angry is something that happens, we’d all be running around with red lightsabers, wouldn’t we?” “I guess.” Dad had said something similar. Ben wasn’t sure that he believed it, actually. Trying to avoid the Dark Side was too much like walking a tightrope -- one step wrong and you fell. He didn’t know how to tell Poe the rest. About the Beast. About the times when he smashed up training dummies and things like that. “You’re a good person, Ben. Don’t think otherwise.” There was something about what Poe said and how he said it that was enough for Ben’s heart to suddenly lift, and tension that he didn't realize he was carrying melted, momentarily, away. Then, “You’re a good friend, Poe.” He could have sworn he saw a flash of pain come over Poe’s face, but Poe composed himself just then. He reached over, touched Poe’s hand -- there was something about Poe that was so bright, honestly, that Ben felt guilty even unintentionally extinguishing it. There was something about touching Poe’s hand that made Ben’s heart speed up for a moment. Poe’s hand was unexpectedly soft, warm, and Ben wondered why he hadn’t noticed before. Their eyes met, and Ben was struck by how dark they were, so brown they were almost black, expressive. Avelin’s voice cut into their haze, and Ben couldn’t help but feel a momentary prickle of irritation. “We’re coming up on Coruscant.” At least they wouldn’t have to be stuck with Haranka anymore. Thank goodness. There was something about Coruscant that never failed to see Ben when he saw it. The vast, sparkling cities, the vehicles, the great heights -- despite the terror that was Haranka in the back seat of the shuttle, Coruscant always held a sort of awe for Ben. They got out of the shuttle, and it was there that the head of the Coruscant Security Force, Lieutenant Sarik, came up to them. “This is the prisoner?” Avelin nodded. “You can definitely thank Poe Dameron and Ben Solo for tracking him down in the first place.” Ben turned towards Poe and grinned despite himself. We did it, Poe. We got him. Poe grinned back. Avelin sent a quick, amused smile in their direction before saying to Sarik, more seriously, “It’s a bad situation, Lieutenant. Worse than you thought. We managed to get them out of there, but they’re going to need help after the event.” “That I can see,” Sarik said. “We’ll have to set a trial date for Haranka, but in the meantime...we’ll need to get the slaves rehabilitated. And Mr. Dameron, Mr. Solo, Miss Kente, Mr. Delgado, Ms. Avelin...all of you really have done a spectacular job in uncovering this atrocity. I may have to reward all of you.” The CSF cuffed Haranka and began to lead him away. Haranka sent Ben a smile, the sort that didn’t quite reach his eyes. The sort of smile that suggested that they had a secret, and that Haranka would keep it close even as he went to prison. You may have beaten me, but I have a piece of your psyche, that smile said. Ben glared at him, even as Poe stood protectively at his side on one end, Thomas and Annie on the other. “It’s okay, Ben,” Annie said. “He’s just trying to scare you.” “Yeah. He is.” And yet Ben’s head was roiling long after they walked back to the shuttle with what Haranka said, and he wondered if he would ever, truly get ahold of his anger. Chapter 20 Summary: In which Ben catches his breath a bit after Haranka and we learn more about Yana/Snoke. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. “I heard that you got a slaver arrested today.” said Yana. They were walking up the path through the courtyard where the Enclave was. Ben looked around at the others, who were currently deep in practice meditating (something that he doubted that he could ever do) and sparring, and he wondered absently if he would ever be as good as they were. They seemed to be so in control at times, where Ben was still struggling to get ahold of his own anger. To think that he could have cut off someone’s hands... What had been frightening was how easily it had come to Ben. How simply. How carelessly. How he could have done it so easily during the battle, caught up in rage as he was. “Yeah.” “You don’t sound happy, Ben. Are you all right?” “I feel...” Like I screwed up still. Like I lost control of my temper and hurt someone again. Like I did something that I shouldn’t have even in the midst of doing the right thing. “I don’t regret that I brought Haranka in. I just wish I hadn’t cut his hands off.” “No need to fret yourself over that, Ben.” “Really?” Ben said. “But it’s...wrong, isn’t it?” “You did a hard thing, Ben. But despite what Haranka told you, it was ultimately the right thing.” Ben smiled weakly. “I hope so.” “It is so.” “I don’t feel right is all,” said Ben. “I don’t feel...” He sighed. “Like I’m strong enough. Like I’m good enough. I don’t feel like a particularly good person.” “Why is that, Ben?” Ben shrugged. “I just don’t. I worry about losing my temper.” Silence. Across the courtyard, Master Mei chastised her Padawan for playing too roughly with another Padawan. “Do you really believe that the Jedi are actually the best way?” Yana said. “The way that they encourage you to suppress your emotions? The way that they encourage not getting angry but instead encourage patience and passivity.” He made sure to add scornful emphasis to “patience” and “passivity”. “Well...they have good reasons for it.” “I’m sure that they sounded good in their minds,” said Yana. “But really, Ben, is it applicable? When the galaxy is in disarray, is it applicable?” “Well, it can make sure that you’re okay. I guess.” “For some perhaps. But by and large, patience has never applied to those who have suffered most.” Ben looked up at him. “You know from experience?” “Too well, unfortunately. I do admit, Ben, that you do...remind me of myself.” Yana smiled. “I am aware that among human young it provokes quite a bit of eye rolling, but it is true. When I was the age you are now, I believed.” And Ben could already sense a sort of shame and embarrassment, as if somehow talking about this was painful for Yana. Even shameful. But there was no shame in such things. Was there? “What happened?” “It did not work, Ben. No matter how much I begged and pleaded, the Council refused to help Milara. The Senate as well. They simply refused. It was as if they thought Milara was insignificant in the long run.” “But that isn’t fair or right,” Ben said. “Someone should have helped you.” He took Yana’s hand again, a hand that seemed giant even in comparison to his rather-big hands. “I’m sorry.” “You are very kind. The galaxy needs those who can set it right, Ben, and I believe that you are the one to do it.” “You really think so?” Ben said. “Yes.” “Then it won’t just be Haranka,” Ben said. “I’ll do whatever I can just to make things right.” “Where do you want to start after this is over?” “Anywhere,” said Ben. “Anywhere.” Chapter 21 : Chapter Twenty: Mutual Victories Summary: In which Ben Solo and co. have to testify against Haranka. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Hope this is good, at least. The most I know about the legal system at all comes from trying to defend Sunry on Manaan in KOTOR, and reading two James Scott Bell books (fiction, not nonfiction). So...this may not be very good. The trial came up. Already, Ben was nervous. No, that was an understatement. Actually, he was terrified. Perhaps it was just the matter of facing Haranka in court -- it wasn’t like he wouldn’t, but he wasn’t looking forward to seeing Haranka do what he did again. He could still remember the way Haranka had smiled at him, like they shared some sort of secret. In a way, they did share a secret; Haranka had seen the impact of anger in Ben’s life, on his movements, things of that nature. He had seen Ben’s worst fears, his worst experiences, all through battle. Even that was enough to make Ben sick even as they headed into the Coruscanti courtroom, which already seemed enormous, Ben thought. It wasn’t like when he was a kid and everything was taller than Ben Solo, but he still couldn’t help but feel intimidated. His father’s hand on his shoulder kept him grounded in that moment even as they headed into the courtroom, but he still admitted at least to himself that he was scared. “You okay, kid?” Dad said. Ben nodded. In truth, he wasn’t. There was Haranka’s defense lawyer, a well-dressed man in dark blue, standing next to Haranka. There was the prosecution, a gray-haired woman, also in dark blue. There were the witnesses, survivors of this atrocity (including Miranda), and people who hadn’t endured, but had seen. The woman who had pleaded with Haranka to stop turned towards Ben. Nodded. And Ben knew that even though he was only a witness, he was going to do what he could to get justice for the people who had been victimized by this...monster. Ben could sense Haranka’s eyes on him, boring into his soul, that same sort of we-have-a-secret kind of smile on his face. Ben almost wanted to look away, but he didn’t. Instead, he kept Haranka’s gaze, even though he knew without a doubt that he was very much nervous, very much afraid. “If he tries anything, I’ll shoot him,” Dad said. “Dad, don’t,” Ben said. “Please. You’ll get all of us in trouble.” “Okay, fine, I won’t shoot him. But if he tries messing with you, he’ll get a whole army of us.” Ben smiled. “Thanks for the vote of confidence, Dad.” The sound of a hammer jolted Ben back to the present. The judge, a Trandoshan, spoke. “Order, order!” the Trandoshan said. “Today we are called here to witness the trial of Haranka Navarre.” Even as he went over the rules of the court, Ben couldn’t help but be nervous. Would he do well? He was only a witness, not a judge, and yet what he’d seen here was enough to make him vow to do what he could in order to help these people. Yes. Anything. The witnesses came out, one by one, giving their side of the story. Talking about beatings, and confinements, and other unspeakable things, and judging from just the impressions he got off them, there was a lot more than even the prosecutor had gotten from them. You sick bastard, Ben thought. You sick freak. How could anyone do that to a child? How could anyone? How could you? How could you? He glared at Haranka. Haranka did not falter. Instead, he smiled, and Ben wanted to lunge through the crowd and punch him -- No. No. Control, you must learn control. There is no emotion, there is peace... But even that was a lie. And the defense attorney -- he kept trying to poke holes in their story. Did you really remember it that way, are you sure, did he really hurt you -- things like that. Ben gritted his teeth; how could anyone -- A hand on his shoulder. “Hey.” Poe said. “You okay?” Ben nodded. He was now. For the moment. Then it was his turn. He stepped towards the witness stand, and he could feel eyes on him, scrutinizing him, and hear the whispers. And their thoughts too. Haranka -- Haranka was afraid. They’ll find out about my client. Barras will tell them about my client, I just know it. And the Supreme Leader will be furious... So there was something else behind the case. Something else. Someone else. Ben would have to look into it later. More thoughts streamed into his head. The prosecutor ...monster, how could he, hope he gets what he deserves... the defense lawyer ...disgusting case, really disgusting, but I’d best go through with it; after all, I promised to uphold galactic law, and galactic law demands a fair trial for everyone, plus there’s the matter of the fact that he may just be the attack rancor for the real villain here... and so many others that for a moment, Ben almost forgot how to stay composed. Only Poe’s hand on his shoulder kept him from losing it completely. Only Poe’s hand on his shoulder kept him grounded, calm, in what seemed like a whole sea of thoughts, a whole sea of impressions. And he could face the prosecutor. Face her questions. He told the story. About the Black Supernova, about what he’d seen. Then it came to the defense attorney, and he dug into Ben. “Is it true that you cut off my client’s hands during the battle in anger, breaking a Jedi rule?” “Objection!” the judge said. “The matter of Jedi rules is irrelevant to the witness’ testimony.” Ben couldn't help but sigh in relief. Finally, he said, “Thank you, Your Honor. I did cut off Haranka’s hands, but it was in the heat of the battle. I’m not proud of it.” “Indeed. One could say that a young boy such as your age, with such a loose grip on his temper, really ought to have -- ’’ “Objection!” said the prosecutor. “Didn’t you hear what the judge said? The matter of Jedi rules is irrelevant to the witness’ testimony. Such things ought to be dealt with in the Jedi Order, not here.” Ben couldn’t help but be grateful in that moment. It didn’t mean, however, that he wasn’t already looking away from the defense attorney. He almost wondered if, like Haranka, the defense attorney could practically smell weakness on him. “When you saw the prisoners when you entered the room, did they appear to be in pain?” How can you even say otherwise? “Yeah,” Ben said. “There was a woman screaming, pleading for mercy.” “From whom, exactly?” “Haranka, of course,” Ben said. “He was torturing another prisoner.” “Did he actually hurt the other prisoner physically?” Excuse me? “He gave the other prisoner electric shocks,” Ben said, “I don’t know how exactly that’s acceptable.” “Not exactly acceptable, Mr. Solo, but how strong were the electric shocks?” Are we really going into details here? “They were pretty strong,” Ben said. “The other prisoner was screaming.” “Was there any motive for the act?” “I’m not exactly in a position to question him, sir.” “Did you get the sense in any way that my client was somehow threatened or cowed?” “Not...” That question, Ben thought, was something he hadn’t really thought of before. “Not exactly, sir. He seemed to be acting alone.” “Seemed,” said the defense attorney. “Seemed, Mr. Solo? You are a Jedi, aren’t you? You should know.” “Objection!” said the judge. “Personal attacks on the witness are not permitted in open court, Mr. Barras.” “Jedi aren’t exactly gods, sir,” Ben said. “Fair enough,” Mr. Barras said. He stroked his chin. “I have no more questions for Mr. Solo.” “Very well,” said the judge. “Send in the other witnesses.” The others stepped forward, from Annie and Thomas, who served to corroborate what exactly what Ben had said, to Poe. “Good luck, Poe,” Ben said. Poe nodded. “Thanks.” He walked towards the witness stand. Mr. Barras looked down at Poe, and there was something about him that made Ben wonder if he was some sort of humanoid falcon, looking down at the others. Then, “You’re Poe Dameron, are you not? Shara Bey’s son?” “Yes.” “The same one who searched the systems for the Black Supernova?” “Yes.” “How did you know it was the very one?” “Ben gave me a description in his original holomail about it,” Poe said. “And that could have been any ship, couldn’t it?” Poe tilted his head. “Well, I’m sure it wasn’t the band on tour, sir.” In the jury box, Ben could have sworn that he saw one of the jurors put a hand over his mouth to suppress a chuckle. “I see,” Mr. Barras said. “You were there when Ben Solo and the others infiltrated the base, am I correct?” “I was,” Poe said. “Did he do anything that incited Ben Solo and the others to strike first?” “He pulled a vibroblade on us,” Poe said, “He wasn’t exactly going quietly, if you get my drift.” “Is it possible that he was defending himself?” “Well, Lieutenant Avelin was mostly going to arrest him.” “Either way, would you say that he was defending himself?” “Not really, sir.” Ben sent Poe a quick grin. Keep going, Poe. You’re doing great. “He also threatened Ben,” Poe said. “Or tried to intimidate him. Not exactly the things you do when you’re defending yourself.” “How do you know that he was threatening him?” Mr. Barras probably had a point here. It wasn’t like he was innocent, Ben thought. It wasn’t like he was entirely the good guy. “Well, he seemed to single Ben out in particular,” Poe said. “There were others he could have gone after, but he chose Ben.” “Because Ben cut his hands off?” “Yes.” “Wouldn’t it be an understandable reaction to someone cutting off your hands?” Silence. “Not exactly, sir.” Avelin was next, after Poe, giving out more information about Haranka, who had apparently intimidated her in the police booth when she was questioning him, talking about her combat movements (and there was more, Ben knew. He could see the picture too well in her mind. “Ms. Avelin, ma’am, did your previous partner ever forgive you? I can only assume that she didn’t.” Whatever it was, he wished that there was some way to comfort her), and Mr. Barras slowly but surely starting to question everything she did, everything that was presented, including whether or not she had a warrant to search the Telos academy (which she had). And then there was Haranka. Even hearing his justifications for his actions -- and the word “justifications” was used loosely -- there was something about them that made Ben feel as if nausea was clamping his stomach in a vise. Only Poe’s touch to his shoulder kept him steady. Finally, it was time for the closing statements. “I think the testimonies of the witnesses speak for themselves,” said the prosecutor. “Whether or not Haranka was bullied into this, he’s caused too much suffering to his victims. Not to mention his other acts, intimidating an officer and a fourteen year old boy, are hardly the behavior of an innocent man. He’s not innocent. He is deplorable. He is a sign of the slavery problem that we should have eliminated a long time ago, but simply couldn’t do. Every one of us is culpable in one way or another, and in arresting Haranka, we may finally find a way to put it right. Everyone in the galaxy deserves equality and respect, and letting a man such as this go betrays everything the Republic stands for.” Ben turned to look at her, grinned. The way she spoke, the conviction in her voice -- she sounded almost like Mom, actually, in a way. Mr. Barras gave his statement not long after hers. “As much as these witnesses are telling the truth, crucial information is being overlooked here. My client was clearly tricked into this by Supreme Leader Snoke, whoever he is. He is nothing more than a puppet of the true villain.” It was minutes later that they gave the guilty verdict, and Haranka was led out. Even being led out of the courtroom, Haranka turned to look at Ben, and smiled. That same we-have-a-secret sort of smile. That smile that didn't reach his eyes. Ben was left in the courtroom with the others long after Haranka was led away, still haunted by that smile. He was haunted by it even as they went to the shuttle. You may have won this day but I know your mind. A bit of a dual victory, isn’t it? that smile seemed to say. Have you really beaten me? Have you really beaten me when you can’t save yourself? Chapter 22 : Chapter Twenty One: The Search For Snoke Summary: In which the puzzle gets a little more complicated. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. It was on the way home from the trial that what exactly happened with Haranka was still on Ben’s mind. Even playing sabaac with Poe again -- at least Haranka wasn’t in the back seat staring at them -- Ben couldn’t help but remember that smile of Haranka’s, everything the defense attorney had said. In a way, the defense attorney was right. In a way, he had seen too well into Ben’s soul, into his insecurities, and he hated it. Always the threat of falling to the Dark Side. Nothing was ever relaxed -- it was nothing like Uncle Luke, who seemed to be almost flawless in terms of resisting the Dark Side. It was nothing like any of the other Padawans, who seemed to at least not have some of the issues that Ben had. It always did feel like crossing a tightrope, or crossing thin ice. Uncle Luke had said that falling to the Dark Side wasn’t really like flipping a switch, but what if it was? What if one wrong move and Ben -- “Hey,” Poe said. “Everything okay?” Ben shook his head. “Is it about what that defense attorney son of a schutta said?” Silence. “It is, isn’t it?” Ben chuckled weakly. “It wasn’t anything personal, Poe.” “Personal, shmersonal. He hurt you.” Poe put down his sabaac cards to take Ben’s hands. Ben felt his heart suddenly speed up, and not unpleasantly so. “Believe me, I felt the same way. The defense lawyer quizzing me like that, asking if things really happened like that, but the thing is, Ben, we know the truth. We know what happened. And nothing can take that away from you in the slightest.” “No. No, it doesn’t.” But what about feeling angry, all the time? What about what I did? “There’s more, isn't there?” Ben bit his lip. “You know what you said about anger and red lightsabers?” Poe nodded. “Well, the thing is...I feel like I might actually end up like that. Regarding Haranka...I shouldn’t have cut off his hands. He was able to read me like that, and...” “And he threatened you,” Poe said. “I don’t care what the defense said; he threatened you, and that wasn’t all right.” “No. No, it wasn’t.” “Besides,” Poe said, “You did battle, didn’t you? Stuff like that happens in battle.” “I guess so.” “You’re a good person, honest. Don’t ever doubt that.” “And you’re a good person too, Poe. You are. You really are.” Poe’s smile in that moment could have illuminated the whole shuttle, and it was beautiful to see. That was the sort of smile that Ben wanted to get out of him, always. Bright, incandescent, the sort of smile that could put the sun to shame. “So I guess we’re going to have to start looking for Snoke,” Ben said. “Whoever he is.” “You think that the defense lawyer wasn’t just using him to get Haranka out of trouble?” “No,” Ben said. “I mean, I read Haranka’s mind when I was going up to the witness stand. There was a Snoke out there, a Snoke he was afraid of somehow revealing. Guess the question is who is he.” *** It was at home that Poe started researching the matter of Snoke, as Ben had laid out for him. But as much as he typed in stuff like “Supreme Leader”, “Snoke”, or “Supreme Leader Snoke”, or anything like that, it just didn’t come back up. Nothing. For all intents and purposes, whoever this Snoke was...he probably didn’t exist. Poe sighed and typed a holomail to Ben. Sorry, Ben. I looked it up and there’s really nothing about a Supreme Leader, or a Snoke for that matter. Just wondering who calls themselves Snoke anyway; doesn’t exactly strike fear into the hearts of your enemies, does it? He sent it. At least, he thought, he could get some chuckles over the idea of, simply, who would name themselves Snoke. And now he waited. In the background, Dad was watching Coruscant Knights, some sort of mystery holoseries about Jedi solving mysteries. That was something Poe would have to get into when he had the time. Ben could get into it too. Another buzz on his datapad. Ben again. I don’t really have an answer to your Snoke question. (You’re right, it doesn’t really strike fear into the hearts of your enemies. Compared to the Emperor, Darth Vader, Darth Revan, Darth Malak, Darth Sion, “Snoke” sounds a bit silly. A little like a cartoon holo character) And kidding aside, I don’t have an answer to your question about the archives. Maybe someone deleted it? I mean, I can’t imagine that Haranka just made it up. It’s not like he knew I was reading his mind or anything like that. Poe sighed. Good point, he typed. If I run into anything else, I’ll let you know. He sent it. Ben’s message back was instantaneous. Poe Dameron, you are a galactic hero. Sweet, Poe typed, Do I get a medal? A beep. I’ll find one. Awesome. I’ll keep an eye out. Another beep. Thank you. Chapter 23 : Chapter Twenty Two: It Started With A Rebellion Summary: In which Ben is curious about who Snoke is, and Yana/Snoke gives him a bit of Milaran history. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: This was actually pretty fun. I didn't think worldbuilding would be this fun (because I kind of suck at worldbuilding, actually), but it was, it really was. Turning fifteen wasn’t like the my-Force-amazing of turning thirteen. At thirteen years old, you got to understand that yes, this really was a big deal, and yes, you were moving into teenagehood. At fifteen, it really was just another age. Nothing particularly special. The midway point, the transition. In the meantime, Ben practiced. He practiced however he could. Practiced lightsaber combat, practiced the Force, taught them to Jaina as well whenever he could. Jaina had turned five and was learning faster by the day, and Ben felt the sort of pride in her that one would find in an older brother, not so much a cousin. His little cousin was growing up, and he was watching it happen. And he also did what he could to keep updated on what Poe was doing. And doing some research. It was in the library that he ran into Yana. He was already getting back from an argument with the historian, Karanna Nona, about the matter of Snoke being in the databases, and Ben was already frustrated. His hands were tense, and he already felt the familiar tension of his anger going through him. He hated those times. It was irrational, of course; Ms. Nona was doing her job, and he could accept it. It was just the matter of how searches for Snoke seemed to turn up a dead end. “If you’re searching for information here,” Yana said wryly, from where he was sitting at one of the tables, “You may be disappointed.” “It’s not really her fault.” Ben sat down next to Yana. “I mean, she is doing her job. I was just searching for something.” “What, exactly?” “Something Haranka’s defense lawyer said at the trial’s still bugging me,” Ben said. “About Snoke. Whoever he is.” “Perhaps said lawyer said it to get his client out of trouble.” “I read Haranka’s mind. He was afraid of getting whoever was really behind it into trouble, basically.” Ben sighed. “I was wondering who exactly calls themselves Snoke anyway.” Yana nodded. “It is a long story. I hope you don't mind a bit of Milaran history. Youth frequently don’t desire to hear about the old.” “I don’t mind,” Ben said. And if it gets me closer to learning more about whoever the Supreme Leader is, all the better. “Long ago,” Yana began, “When Milara was young, there was a great famine. It laid waste to the plains of Milara as well as her people, and in the wake of it, a great and terrible dictatorship arose with the promise of restoring order...” Even as Yana continued with his story, a story about the horrors that the dictator Sarlis set up, Ben could not help but lean in, utterly horrified by what Sarlis did. The tortures that he wrought -- they sounded too much like what Haranka had done. “And finally, amidst the pain and sorrow of what Sardis had wrought, the Milarans found themselves a leader. A teacher. A savior. His birth name was Freyus of Milara, but he became known as Snoke of the Forests.” “So Snoke is a title?” Ben said. Yana looked at him critically, almost as if saying, silently, do-you-want-to-hear-the-rest-of-the-story-or-not. “Forgive me,” Ben said. “I didn’t mean to be rude.” “No need to apologize. Snoke is indeed a title. In the Milaran language, it means savior. And at that time, he was what the Milarans needed, desperately. A savior, a leader, a teacher. With his troops, he fought many battles until finally he came face to face with Sarlis. Sarlis was arrogant, believing that a mere peasant could not defeat him -- ’’ “That’s their problem, isn’t it?” Ben said. “They’re always arrogant. You never hear about a bad guy with a realistic view of their strengths and weaknesses, right, or an inferiority complex?” “It is rare, I can assume,” said Yana. “But Sarlis and Snoke dueled, and Snoke defeated him.” “Guess he wasn’t just a peasant after all,” Ben said. “From that hour henceforth, he was the new leader of Milara, and brought to Milara an age of prosperity and grace. Even now, he is immortalized in Milaran history as the being who made it all possible.” “He sounds like something,” Ben said. “He was, Ben. Still is. It’s said that the title is passed on from hero to hero of our generation. A leader who can liberate the Milaran people, and the galaxy as a whole.” “Why would this Supreme Leader think of himself as a hero?” After all he’s done, at that? Ben couldn’t picture it. He simply couldn’t. “That, Ben, is something that you need to find out for yourself.” It was later on that Ben managed to contact Poe. After a moment of Poe muttering something about “the banthas stole my pants”, he stumbled over to the console. “Hey, Ben,” he said. “Hey. Did I wake you?” “You didn’t miss much. Weird dream.” “Banthas stealing your pants?” Poe laughed. “Yeah. So...found anything?” “I got some more information on Snoke,” Ben said, “Whoever he is.” “Really?” Poe said. “That’s wonderful! Great to hear. So, what did you find?” “He’s some sort of Milaran...messiah figure.” Even describing what he had heard to Poe, Ben couldn't help but be caught up in the story all over again, even despite himself. There was something about Snoke of the Forests that suggested that if he could bring down a man like Sarlis, why couldn’t they bring down any injustice that the Galaxy had to offer? When Ben finished, Poe nodded. “Question is,” he said, “Why would someone use the name of a Milaran messiah figure to support slavery?” “I don’t know,” Ben said. “Maybe...maybe they were a fan of the story and thought that they could use that name. Or maybe their parents liked the story and named them that.” “Maybe,” Poe said. Silence. “So who do you think it is?” Poe said. “I don’t know. Maybe we should just keep an eye out. Anyone acting suspicious. But...” Ben bit his lip. “Maybe nothing too conspicuous.” “Spying.” Poe grinned at him, the sort of grin that suggested he could take on the galaxy. The sort of grin that Ben loved about him, among many other things. “Sounds awesome. Let’s do it.” “Yeah,” Ben said, and even despite himself, he couldn’t help but grin back. “Let’s do it.” Chapter 24 : Chapter Twenty Three: Horizons Summary: In which we see what exactly has become of Atin the Mandalorian/Narudar Ren, and things get worse. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: I have to apologize for the characterization of Luke in this chapter. Mostly I'm going for a man who is doing his best considering the situation he's in (he's afraid that the Jedi are being manipulated into all this), but I don't know if it works or not. Again, I'm really sorry. The problem with spying was the matter of candidates to actually sort out. There were candidates, of course, no mistake, but Ben couldn’t say he could find them yet. Even the matter of Master Naris -- he hated Master Naris for his general sadism towards his students, but he couldn’t find anything that would suggest that Naris was actually the Supreme Leader. Even going through Naris’ thoughts -- all while trying to pretend you were casual, of course, pretend that you weren’t doing anything -- didn’t yield any results, other than learning what exactly had turned Naris into such a sadist -- the death of his Padawan during the Purges. Ben could at least feel some pity for him there. He couldn’t say that he liked him, of course, but he could feel some pity. Uncle Luke didn’t like him going through minds, of course. And Ben couldn’t help but feel some guilt doing it -- after all, you couldn’t just go through minds like they were archives. And yet at the same time, it seemed like the most reliable option to take. You didn’t have to go through other options that would actually risk you getting caught, or anything like that. You could do some double-checking after eavesdropping, or even while you were doing it, all while acting casual. What was getting disturbing was how easy it was sometimes. The leakover aside, the cluster of thoughts that occasionally felt like a whole tidal wave of needs, wants, fears, and more, Ben didn’t know if it was necessarily right. Taking advantage of how sensitive he was to others’ thoughts...was it right? And then there was the threat of war on the horizon. Everything that Ben had heard about Narudar Ren -- he was ruthless, cruel, vicious, had left several towns in pieces. Even hearing about it on the Holonet, feeling it through the Force as well, made him wonder why Uncle Luke didn’t do something about it. He had to, right? He had to at least do something. He couldn’t just stand back and watch while others were being slaughtered. It wasn’t like Ben could do anything as is; he was only fifteen years old, three years away from signing up for military service. But he could at least try and talk Uncle Luke into it, right? Unfortunately, talking with his uncle wasn’t enough to persuade him. “We have to be careful,” Uncle Luke said. “There’s a threat out there, behind Narudar Ren. We have to be cautious. For all intents and purposes, we may be walking into a trap.” “How...” Ben still couldn’t believe it. “Walking into a trap -- people are dying out there!” “I know, Ben.” The best that Ben could take in terms of what his uncle was doing was that at least he wasn’t doing this out of spite. He really seemed to think that there was someone out there -- Snoke, maybe? Whoever Snoke was... “But we can’t afford to rush in like that. We have to wait for Snoke to show himself.” “We can’t just wait,” Ben said. “People are dying out there, Uncle.” A beat. “Please.” Their eyes met, and Ben wondered what exactly was behind his uncle’s eyes that was preventing him, more than anything, from understanding. Then Uncle Luke spoke again. “I’m sorry, Ben,” he said. “I’m going to have to deliberate some more about this.” You always deliberate, Ben thought, but he didn’t say it out loud. It wasn’t true, of course, but in the midst of his frustration that seemed to surround him like a sea, Ben knew he would have said anything just to get through to his uncle. Somehow. *** The thing was that in times like these, when it seemed like the Mandalorian Wars of old were starting to repeat themselves (at least from what Poe had heard in his history classes; those wars had obviously happened long before he was born), was that the best thing to do was sign up. Poe could still remember what his mother had once said about why she and his father had ultimately signed up to fight against the Empire: they couldn’t simply stand by while other people suffered. And like both his parents, Poe doubted that he could stand by while other people suffered either. It was just a matter of signing up. He was old enough, after all. Some were accepting soldiers as young as fifteen years old, but Poe was old enough to sign up, eighteen years old, and he could go there. So it was really a matter of running towards Ben outside the Enclave of Yavin IV, and Ben catching him. “Hey, Poe,” he said, long after they’d hugged, long after Poe had been all but swept into Ben’s embrace (Poe was older, but Ben was taller). “What’s the good news?” “I signed up to be a Republic pilot.” “Congratulations, Poe!” Ben grinned even as he spoke. “You’re going to be fantastic, I just know it. One of the best.” They hugged again, and Poe found himself taking in Ben’s scent. Yavin IV’s scent, a scent like jungles and forests and racing through them, a smell that was a lot, actually, like home. It was still funny that Ben was taller than he was despite being three years younger than him, and Poe found himself taking comfort in his presence. He was grounded, he was home. Ben was as much home as anything else, anyone else. He was going to miss Ben when he went away, he knew that. Poe did love the stars, ever since he heard them from his parents’ stories as a boy, but he was going to miss Ben. Did he have to miss Ben, though? “You could come with me,” he said. “I mean, we could use all the Jedi we can get.” Ben looked, just for a moment, as if he were considering it, before he said, “I can’t.” “Why not?” Poe said. “Think of the things we could do. Together.” He was already hyperfocused on Ben’s face, quietly pleading with him to just say yes... But Ben shook his head. “I’m too young,” he said. “They’ve been accepting some people in earlier, haven’t they?” “Yeah. But still...I’m way too young.” “Right.” Poe bit his lip. He had almost wished that Ben could come with him. To think of the things that they could do together, to think of the things that could happen... “But I’m going to do what I can to persuade Uncle Luke to do something,” Ben said. “I’ve got to. I mean, even if he doesn’t want to -- ’’ “What do you mean ‘doesn’t want to’?” Poe said. “He’s hesitating. I wouldn’t say it’s like he doesn’t want to act, but it’s like he’s...on the edge of something. Like he’s deliberating or whatnot.” “He shouldn’t!” “I know.” Ben’s face was solemn. “It’s not fair. But I’m going to do what I can to argue, and...well, I’ll do what I can to help you. Even if I can’t go into the military yet.” They hugged again, and Poe almost wished that they could stay that way. Then Ben drew away. “Just be careful, Poe,” he said. “Don’t get yourself killed out there. And...if you need me, you always know where to find me.” “I’ll write,” Poe said. “Same here. And Poe?” “Yeah?” Ben’s smile was practically radiant. “May the Force be with you.” “You too.” Poe headed towards his ship, and even getting inside and blasting off into the sky, he could only hope against hope that he would see Ben again. Chapter 25 : Chapter Twenty Four: Narudar Attacks Summary: In which Poe Dameron gets a first glimpse at the destruction that Narudar leaves behind. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. There was something about the destruction that, even heading over the city, was glorious. The only thing that it was missing was a Basilisk war droid, actually, but this ship would do. It was good for raining destruction upon the city, the sort of destruction that, actually, was long overdue. At the turrets, Narudar Ren, formerly Atin Ordo, manned the turrets, firing them at buildings and watching in fascination even as they crumbled to the ground so easily. And to think he had wasted his life like this so far working for the Hutts on Nar Shaddaa? When all this glory, all this splendor, was right in front of him? It was a pleasure to watch the destruction. It was even more of a pleasure knowing that the destruction had a purpose. They were reminding the galaxy too well of Althir, of Cathar, of the battles in the Mandalorian Wars that echoed throughout history and always would. Of what Death Watch had done during the Clone Wars. He was finishing what Death Watch started long ago, and it was beautiful. *** Black Squadron flew over a vision of hell. It seemed as if things were already bad and getting worse in a hurry. There was fire spreading through the city, flames licking hungrily at city walls even as civilians made their way to the medical frigates that were already parked in the hangar bay. Not that they always made it there either. Even seeing the buildings crumble under the weight of a blast, sometimes on top of fleeing civilians, it was enough to make Poe feel suddenly very sick. “It doesn’t look good, Black Leader.” Jessika Pava spoke this time. “There’s...there’s not a single thing that isn’t on fire, actually. It’s all fire.” “I know.” And Poe already felt sick even thinking about it. Seeing it, fire falling from the sky even as Narudar and his men shot at the civilians as if they were no more than womprats someone would shoot at in their T-16... “Black Squadron,” Poe said, “We’ve got to cover any survivors while they get to the medical frigates. We have to give them a fighting chance.” “Copy that, Black Leader.” Snap, this time. “Lock S-foils in attack position. Stay in formation. We’re going in.” Poe headed towards the ships just then, and began shooting. And even as the ships fell like shooting stars towards the ground, he could only assure himself he was doing the right thing in the end, that he was defending the city from further harm. Yes. He was. Narudar was at least diverted long enough to start shooting and firing at them, and dodging out of the way, Poe continued to shoot at him. A lucky hit, and Narudar’s ship headed towards the ground, smoking. “Good shot, Black Leader!” Jess’s voice, this time. “You did it! You got him down!” Poe nodded. “We’ve got him. But we better get to the ground and get everyone else to safety. Find any survivors. And,” he said, “Get Narudar into custody. He’s done enough damage.” They headed towards the ground in that moment, and it seemed that there were countless people struggling to get to the frigates, struggling to get debris off them. Poe got out of the X-wing and ran towards them, BB-8 wheeling behind him, the rest of the team pulling them out of the wreckage. One of them was a young girl, probably eleven years old or so, blond hair in braids. “Are you all right?” Poe said. “What’s your name, kiddo?” “Teria.” “I’m Poe Dameron. We’re here to rescue you.” A laser shot down from the sky. Poe ducked, as did Teria. Behind him, Jess, who had barely gotten out of the way in time, was already helping the other civilians towards the hangar, and Snap was shooting at the ships. Probably to buy them some time, Poe thought. “We have to get to the frigate,” Poe said. “Follow me.” Teria nodded. It was once everyone was on the frigate (along with Narudar, who was currently sedated) that Poe got back in his X-wing. “Right,” he said, “We’re going to cover them long enough to get to hyperspace.” “Copy that, Black Leader,” said Jess. They lifted off, shooting at the ships who were currently firing at the frigates. They fell, like stars fallen out of the sky. “Good shooting, Snap!” Jess, this time, over the headset. “No problem,” Snap said. “I think I got enough of them. Enough to get to hyperspace.” “We all did. Good shooting, everyone,” Poe said. “Meet you back at Coruscant.” They shot off into hyperspace with the rest of the frigates, and hopefully, Poe thought, home. Chapter 26 : Chapter Twenty-Five: Puzzles and Pieces Summary: In which Narudar is interrogated. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. The road back to Coruscant seemed to take too long of a time. Poe could still see the burning city in front of his eyes, could still hear the screams in his ears, could still... He had never seen war up close and personal before. He had heard stories about how awful the Empire was when he was a child, but he had never seen atrocities in action right here, right now. How that monster had fired upon the buildings and upon civilians like he was running a fighting simulation. And in the end, that was why Poe and others were here, Poe supposed. To fight the bad guys where others were unwilling to. Ben wasn’t unwilling. But it seemed like Luke was. Poe couldn’t say what exactly was the case with that. After all, wasn’t it a Jedi’s job to defend the innocent? Poe’s ship came out of hyperspace just then, towards Coruscant. The amber planet that might as well have been one big city. Everyone landed, got out of their ships and headed onto Coruscant. There was still something about the city that Poe never failed to find absolutely beautiful. The towering, sparkling cities, the glittering towers, the beautiful sunset, things of that matter...it was something that never failed to wow Poe. Poe looked around, already relieved that he wasn’t being surrounded by fire, by screaming and helpless people. He had a feeling, however, that it was going to haunt him for the rest of his days. Everyone who had nearly died. Everyone who had died. They were going to be in his nightmares for years to come. Ben was there, and Poe ran to him, already relieved to see him. There was always something about Ben that made Poe relieved to see him, Poe thought -- something about his face, something about his very presence... They embraced, and Poe was still struck by the fact that Ben was, though younger than him, taller than him as well. He took some solace in Ben’s presence, in the familiar smell of Yavin, inhaling it if only to wash away the smell of smoke and ash that seemed to choke his nostrils and his throat.... Finally, Poe drew away. “Ben,” he said, “Narudar -- ’’ “I felt it in the Force,” Ben said. “I can’t imagine who would do something like that...” “A monster is what,” Poe said. “A murderer.” He sighed. “They’ve got Narudar Ren in custody, at least. He can’t kill anyone else.” “Good,” Ben said, and Poe could swear that he heard broken transparisteel in that voice. Ben hadn’t had to see what had happened, see how Narudar had fired upon buildings as if he were some guy shooting womprats. He knew. He simply knew. “How is your uncle?” Poe said. Please tell me he’s come to his senses... “Still ‘deliberating,’” said Ben bitterly. “The whole galaxy could be in danger of blowing up and all he’d do is deliberate. I’m sorry, Poe.” “Not your fault. I was thinking -- ’’ “Could I continue to raise awareness however I could?” Ben said. “Anything, Poe. Anything. And I’m keeping an eye out for Snoke too...whoever he is.” “Have you found anything?” “Not yet. But I promise, if I do, I’ll let you know.” *** Harry Sarik was no stranger to the disturbing. He’d questioned many people in his lifetime, including someone who had killed his whole family (something that was still burned into his mind and he had a feeling it would be for the rest of his days), but there was something about bringing Narudar in that was enough to give him the chills. The heebie-jeebies, as his daughter would have said. That stare through the helmet that seemed designed to make sure the face was as inscrutable as possible for starters. How Narudar stood -- there wasn’t an ounce of shame in that bastard, but...pride. Pride, as if killing all those civilians was some sort of accomplishment. Sarik had heard stories about the Mandalorian Wars, but he hadn’t thought that he would see a man devoted to destruction as the old Mandalorians apparently were. The guards roughly forced Narudar into a chair. They pulled the helmet off, and Sarik didn’t know what to expect under it. Maybe a face horrifically scarred from battle, anything like that. But instead, pulling it off, the face looked almost...normal, actually. Scarred, of course, haggard, but nonetheless normal. He didn’t even flinch. There was something about those eyes were they seemed to hold a proud sort of defiance in them. Then, “Henry Sarik. What an unexpected pleasure.” Sarik could swear that his skin had turned to worms. Still, he kept his composure and said, “Narudar Ren. So you’re the one Dameron caught.” “I am. Remind me to compliment Dameron the next time I see him. He is indeed a worthy opponent. His skills in piloting and combat are formidable.” Narudar looked thoughtful, almost dreamy. “I can’t say I’ve found a worthy opponent in years. Not after working for the Hutts.” “You worked for the Hutts?” “I used to. It was a thankless life, sir, I don’t believe you have any idea. Working for the Hutts was akin to being a full-time cannok exterminator. Hardly glamorous. Hardly worthy of glory. It was there to put food on the table. Nothing more. You’ve felt that too before, haven’t you, sir? I can only guess.” Sarik flinched. This Mandalorian seemed to be good at getting under his skin. Too good, actually. Then, “And that’s why you did it, didn’t you?” “Destroyed the city? You don’t know how it was, sir. Corruption, misery, greed -- ’’ “Everyone in that city was innocent.” It took every bit of Sarik’s self-control not to let his rage bubble to the surface. “You’re naive, sir. If you were there, you would have seen them for how they really were. They were cowards, all of them. Valor’s a trait that’s hard to come by these days.” Sarik forced air into his lungs. Don’t lose your temper, don’t lose your temper... “The others with you...who were they?” “My brothers and sisters.” “Literally?” “Not by blood, sir. We’re bound by a common purpose -- honor and order. Did you know that the word Ren is Milaran for balance? That’s what we seek to do.” “So Ren’s a title, not a name.” Sarik said. Already, the more he was getting into this interrogation, the more uneasy he was getting. A sort of sick feeling in his stomach that wasn’t letting up, almost as if there was something bad about to happen, actually. Something worse, actually, considering that the bad thing had already happened. “Exactly, sir.” “Then who are you?” A smile seemed to play across the Mandalorian’s face. “I daresay that names are irrelevant next to our greater purpose, sir.” “Don’t play games with me.” “I’m not intending to. I’m telling the truth. Names are irrelevant next to our greater purpose.” “Who’s your leader?” “That,” said Narudar, “Would be telling, sir. But he would be very interested to meet all of you, in his own good time. Fascinating man, actually.” “What is his name?” Silence. “Was he the one behind the slave trade?” “It wouldn’t have been his first call,” said Narudar. “So he’s Haranka’s employer. I have no more questions. Thank you for your time, Narudar.” “You’re very welcome.” The Mandalorian smiled pleasantly. “And tell Poe Dameron that he was a worthy opponent today.” I won’t, Sarik thought, even as he left the interrogation room. He didn’t want to burden Dameron with that. At least he could start looking up the Knights of Ren as well as the Black Supernova. Narudar had done something that he really shouldn’t have -- given Sarik the advantage. I’ll find them. And here’s to rooting them out so they can’t do any more harm. Here’s to that. Chapter 27 : Chapter Twenty-Six: Breakout Summary: In which Ben goes to search for Jaina on Jakku (which goes as well as you'd expect) and Lisaris bails Narudar out of jail. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. In hindsight, heading out to Jakku might have been a case of not quite thinking things through, but Ben had had to do it. It was a matter of stealing a ship from the hangar in the night and having it jump to hyperspace. Ben had reached through the Force if only to find Jaina -- because he refused to believe that she was gone. Even as he wove through the seemingly endless desert, his uncle’s words echoed in his mind. Going out in the desert by yourself is dangerous, Ben... But Ben could do dangerous. He could remember going on expeditions in the jungles of Yavin with Annie and Thomas when he was younger, and the scraped knees that resulted. He could remember breaking his ankle at four years old when first getting his lightsaber crystal. He could remember the slavers, damn them. This shouldn’t have been difficult and yet the heat...the heat... The heat seemed to go on forever. The endless sands...it made Tatooine, he thought, look like Naboo. Even far from the downed Star Destroyer from the battle that happened long before he was born, Ben already doubted he could feel more lost. But he had to keep going. Jaina was out there. Jaina was in pain... Ben practically gulped down the contents of his canteen in the moment he took it out. He hadn’t expected to be so thirsty wandering Jakku, but then again, he didn’t expect Jakku to stretch out into what felt like eternity. The endless desert, where the town seemed to be so far away. Now, he thought, he could focus. He could stretch out. Jaina was here, he simply knew it. She was afraid, very afraid, very uncertain. He stumbled under the heat, the heat that seemed to beat down on his head even as he walked, burning against his scalp, and he cursed himself for having thick hair. Even with a Padawan braid, it seemed that he could not escape the burning heat. It beat down on his neck, on his shoulders, on his skin. Stay steady. Don’t fall over. Get to water -- get to the outpost where you can find water, at least -- if they have it... If if if... And then Ben could have sworn that Jakku’s seemingly endless sky spun above him, and the ground rose up to meet him. *** It was later that Pava brought in Ben. Covered in sand, lips cracked and bleeding, skin burned, but very much alive. Poe didn’t walk, but ran towards Ben in that moment, BB-8 whirling after him. “Ben -- ’’ “He’s badly dehydrated,” Pava said. “He needs water. And it looks like he hasn’t had much food either.” In her arms, Ben muttered something that sounded like, “...Jaina.” His voice was so hoarse that it was barely audible at first, but as Poe approached him, he could hear more. So that was what Ben was doing out there. Searching for his little cousin. Pava laid him tenderly down on the bed even as Poe went over and filled a cup to the brim with water. He walked over to Ben, the cup sloshing in his hands, and held it out to Ben’s lips. “Ben. It’s okay,” Poe said, soothingly. “I got you, Ben.” Ben drank from the glass almost as if he was dying of thirst. All things considered, Poe thought, it was a miracle that he was still alive. That he hadn’t died, actually. They’d nearly lost Ben. He’d nearly lost Ben. And even that thought was terrifying. If he’d lost Ben, if Ben had died in that desert... “Poe,” Ben said, still whispery. “You came for me.” “I always will.” “Need more...water...” *** When he awoke, he was in medbay, blinding white medbay with the sort of shine that he hated. He blinked, wishing his eyes would water, but instead they stung but didn’t water. “Ben, it’s okay. Just drink something.” Poe’s voice, the sweetest sound that Ben could possibly hear in this moment. Water. Ben gulped it down urgently; he hadn’t thought that he would miss water that much, but after Jakku, he had a feeling that he would have gulped down every bit of water there was if it soothed his ravaged throat. “You scared the hell out of me, Ben,” Poe said. “All of us. If Jess hadn’t found you...” “Jaina’s gone.” “Easy, Ben.” Poe’s hand smoothed over his forehead, and there was something about that touch that was supposed to be comforting, but Ben could still feel Jaina’s presence all but screaming in his ears. She was still out there, and Ben couldn’t do anything to save her. “She’s gone, Poe, she’s gone.” He was shaking now. His voice cracked, and he wished that he could cry, but it was as if Jakku had dried up his tears. Poe held him then, rubbing circles on Ben’s back even as Ben wept. *** It was midnight when Lisaris appeared at the door to the interrogation room, and Narudar could not help but be filled with a sort of awe. There was something about him, standing there practically gleaming in the darkness of the hallway outside, that filled Narudar with the sort of reverence that one would have had for their Mandalore in times past. “How did you get here?” Narudar said. “A bit of camouflage.” And Narudar would have to take Lisaris’ word for it, of course. There were things about the Force that, as a non-Force sensitive, felt almost like stepping into a whole different world. Still, a world with someone like Lisaris in it... It was worth thinking about. Worth living in. Worth fighting for. “You took quite a risk, I have to add,” said Lisaris. “How?” “I understand that it’s natural Mandalorian impulse to brag to all and sundry about their battles,” said Lisaris, “But you took a great risk. And not even an admirable risk. I had to make sure all traces of us were scrubbed from the databases.” “Did you?” Lisaris nodded. “Our hacker’s taking care of it right now. As I said, you took quite a risk, Narudar. And a foolish one. Pragmatism in all things over pride.” “Forgive me.” “Just don’t do it again. At least, when you speak, be sure not to tell the interrogator your life story.” “Duly noted. So what do we do now?” “There’s still much to do,” said Lisaris. “We need to report back to the Supreme Leader for our new assignments. But first...” A tilt of his head. “Looks like there are some guards up ahead. Pretty unfair, isn’t it, at least for them?” “Yeah. Poor bastards.” Narudar took out his blaster and opened fire. The guards fell to the floor, and with the combination of blasterfire and Lisaris’ red lightsaber cleaving through their opponents, Narudar knew, in that moment, they were unstoppable. Chapter 28 : Chapter Twenty Seven: Knighted Summary: In which Ben is knighted. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Author's Notes: Luke's words here are taken a bit from the Star Wars Wiki page about Knighting ceremonies. I thought I'd use it for reference. So far, things were already going too well. Years had passed, but things seemed to already be going to plan perfectly, Snoke thought. He had unfortunately lost the other half of his plan, that being Jaina Skywalker, but nonetheless, he knew that Ben would fulfill his destiny too well. He was always meant to be Vader’s Scion. He was always meant to perfectly encapsulate both the Light Side and the Dark, he was always meant to finish what Vader began. And the Starkiller’s construction was already underway. Snoke could only hope that he would have to only use it when it was of utmost necessity. The Starkiller was a powerful weapon, capable of doing what it would, whether it be annihilating fleets or destroying planets. Useful for striking back against their enemies. Snoke had been on the First Death Star, and he had sensed how powerful it was, but also how flawed. How Krennic, the arrogant, unworthy toad, had failed to see that his former friend was working against him. How sentiment had ultimately doomed the Death Star, as well as faith in freedom. Never mind that such things were subjective, personal constructs. Individuality, free will -- they were constructs, not facts. Not that it stopped Leia Organa and others from believing otherwise. Snoke was not a soft creature. That was not why he hesitated to use Starkiller Base immediately. It was practicality. Wanton slaughter was not his goal in that regard. But it was the perfect tactical weapon. No matter where it was, it would be able to destroy the Republic fleet in one stroke when it was finally activated. They had found a planet to mine for crystals. And from there, they could continue to excavate until the planet was ready for harboring the weapon. There was his other weapon too. his greatest weapon and the man snoke found, strangely, he cared for There was Ben. Ben Solo was already eighteen, and Snoke could not help but feel a sort of awe just at that. Every day he had watched Ben grow older, grow from the helpless small child that he had been to a young man who was just starting to make something for himself. Snoke wondered, idly, if that was what a parent felt like, or an artist working on a project and watching it come to life. Of course, Ben had a long way to go. He didn’t have the stoicism of Darth Vader, but he had the determination that wove through him like cold iron, and the commitment to a better cause. He had the skill in combat as well. His skills were blossoming every day, every week, every month, every year. And Snoke could not say that he deserved to be Knighted -- in fact, he deserved something better. Something grander, something greater. All in good time, of course. Snoke would wait, continuing to cultivate his army, his Order, and of course, his masterpiece. *** Today was the day, and Ben doubted that he could have felt more nervous if he tried. He had been dreaming of this day, becoming a Knight, when he was still a young Padawan, but he didn't think that it would come right now. He'd done it. He'd faced the Trials, he'd finally gotten it all done… So why was he so scared? It was supposed to be a joyous time, wasn't it? Everyone was there right now, chatting and joking and mingling, and Ben was standing alone, thinking about what was going to happen next. Already…already, he doubted he could be more scared. Poe got there, disembarking from his X-Wing with BB-8, his new droid, cheerfully rolling alongside him, and Ben’s heart couldn’t help but lift even as Poe did so. His hair was practically wild even as he pulled the helmet off, shaking his hair free. And his eyes -- well, he looked as if he’d climbed out of one of Yavin’s lakes. Poe didn’t walk, he practically ran to Ben’s side, and Ben was swept -- despite their height difference -- into an almost rib-crushing embrace. Ben hugged him back, grinning. Poe buried his head against Ben’s chest, and Ben leaned down, inhaling the scent of Poe against Poe’s shoulder that smelled a lot like X-wing grease and engines. After a long while, Poe withdrew, and he was practically beaming, the sort of smile that never failed to convey that he thought of Ben as something unbelievably precious. “Hey, Ben.” “Hey, Poe.” Ben never failed to be caught off-guard by Poe’s show of enthusiasm whenever he showed up after missions. “I heard about it from your mom. Gotta say, congratulations, Knight Solo!” “Thanks.” Ben didn't have to entirely force a smile here; despite his fear of what was coming up, there was something about Poe's presence that made it...not as scary, actually. Poe looked over his robes then, appreciatively. “New robes?” Ben nodded. They were more ceremonial ones, more for the Knighting Ceremony. They were paler in color, and Ben couldn’t say that they were his taste, he couldn’t say they suited him, but it didn’t matter, not really. Still, the way Poe looked over him... He couldn’t say that anyone had looked at him in a way that made Ben feel as if his heart had sped up suddenly, or his breath hitched, and both of these things were far from unpleasant. Poe’s eyes were on his face, on the collar of his neck, before Poe’s look of almost awe and Ben definitely couldn’t say that he had ever been looked at that way either. It simply wasn’t stuff you saw around the Jedi Order every day was replaced with a smile. “They suit you,” Poe said, and there was something about that gaze, something about how heavy those eyes were on him, that was enough to make Ben feel almost shy, but not in an uncomfortable way. Not necessarily bad. Just shy, in the sort of way that people probably felt in one of those sappy romantic holos, maybe. Ben could already feel those eyes on him, gentle, reverent eyes, and kind. The stare lasted long enough for Ben to feel his heart starting to beat in his chest. “Thanks.” His voice practically came out as a squeak. Smooth, Ben. Very smooth. Gotta give it up for Calrissian-esque verbalizing that good. You gotta give it up for that. Silence reigned for a long time. “I better go,” Ben said. “They’re waiting for me.” Poe beamed. “Good luck, Ben.” “Thanks.” The Council chamber seemed enormous even as Ben entered it, and Ben wasn’t even in the everything’s-taller-than-me stage anymore. Around him, the Jedi Masters sat, dressed in their finest robes, Uncle Luke at the front. There was silence before he spoke. “We are all Jedi. The Force speaks through us.” There was something about the way Uncle Luke spoke that would have been enough to make all go silent and fix their attention on him. “Through our actions, the Force proclaims itself and what is real. Today we are here to acknowledge what the Force has proclaimed. Ben Solo...” Ben stepped forward. Already, he felt as if his knees had turned to mush, but he couldn’t turn back now. He had done it. He was leaving childhood behind, becoming a good Jedi finally -- it was the sort of thing that was enough to make anyone both excited and nervous. Excited-nervous? That was actually a good word for it. He stopped in front of Uncle Luke, who brought his still-deactivated lightsaber down on either side of Ben’s shoulders. “By the right of the Council, by the will of the Force, I dub thee Jedi, Knight of the Republic.” Uncle Luke beamed. “Congratulations, Ben.” Ben swallowed. Already, he felt tears start to form in his eyes. Then with an ignition of Uncle Luke’s lightsaber, Ben’s Padawan braid fell to the floor just then, and Ben knew, somehow, that it was akin to the beginning of his new life as a Knight and the end of his old life as a Padawan. He was no longer a child. He was now as good as an adult, stepping into this strange and new adult world. And it hit him, almost like a runaway speeder. He didn't have much of a choice going into adulthood; he was practically being propelled there, sped into there, and there was no way he could ask time just to slam on the brakes. There was no going back. Even stepping out of the chambers, Padawan braid in hand, Ben had to lean against the wall for support in that knowledge. No going back no going back no going back... “Hey.” Thomas’ arm around his shoulders. “It’s okay. It’s okay, Ben.” “I’m scared.” And he knew he shouldn’t be. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering...but nobody turned to the Dark Side just because of being scared of their Knighting ceremony, right? They just didn’t, right? “I know. I know you are. Breathe, Ben. Just breathe.” Ben took a deep breath. Somehow, even that was grounding. Almost as if it was reminding him of where he was, reminding him to stay calm even though gods knew it was hard. Unfortunately, it reminded him of another detail that Ben didn't want to think about. Dad wasn't there yet. It wasn't like it was a big deal, and yet it didn't feel right; Dad should be there, he should -- “He should be here by now...” Ben was aware of how childish he sounded, and yet he couldn't help it. It wasn't like Dad to be late for things like this. It wasn’t right either. Dad should be in the crowd, Dad should be grinning ridiculously wide in the sort of smile that he saved just for Ben, like Ben was perfect and for a moment, none of his obvious, obvious faults mattered. “He will, Ben.” Mei placed a comforting hand on his shoulder. “Besides, you sithouldn't worry too much about him. Tonight’s for you, and you alone.” “Thank you, Master Mei.” Outside, there were people laughing and chatting and mingling, and Ben couldn't help but smile, but it was a sad one. Dad probably had his reasons for not being there, of course, but the truth was, it wasn't just the Knighting ceremony. Ben was too used to feeling like his parents were just cut out of his life, like someone who was supposed to be in the holo but just didn't show up. He just wished that it didn't have to be that way. You could always have it worse, and yet still, it was painful. He turned to look at Poe. “There's actually something I want to give you,” he said. He held out the Padawan braid that Uncle Luke had cut from his head, and he didn't know how Poe would react to it at first. Somehow, it felt as if Ben were offering a piece of himself up, just to Poe, a reminder of the times that they had shared when Ben was a kid. Now that I'm no longer a kid… “Ben...” Already, Poe sounded amazed, even touched. “It isn't much,” Ben said, “But I thought that you would like to have it. Just to...” Remember me. Something so small that had a whole slew of memories attached to it. Poe hugged him again, and there was something about it that made Ben’s heart skip a beat in his chest. The hug lasted long enough, Ben thought, to make him feel almost as if his worries were far away. Poe drew away eventually, and said, “I’d love it, Ben. Thank you so much. I actually have something for you too.” It was one of the crystals they'd found while exploring Yavin IV. A silver crystal, one of the rarest, one of the most beautiful out there. And Ben looked at Poe in amazement. “Poe...” “I thought you'd like to have it,” Poe said. Just to remember, was the unspoken sentiment. Just so you don't have to leave your memories behind. Ben grinned at him. “Poe,” he said, “Thank you. Thank you so much...” It was then that Ben felt it, the Millennium Falcon going through the sky, and he already felt a mix of relief and, strangely enough, hurt. Had Dad really thought that he wasn't that important? That he was unimportant enough to show up – No, of course not. He wouldn't really think that, would he? It's probably just a misunderstanding... The Falcon touched down, and Ben couldn’t help but feel a touch of anger in between his relief. Finally, Dad was here, but what had taken him so long? What had kept him? He supposed he should be glad that Dad was even here at all, but it didn’t stop the pang of resentment in him. “Sorry I’m late,” Han said, even as he stepped out of the Falcon, Chewie at his side. He looked almost as if he had gotten back from a rough job, because of course he was out doing a rough job, Ben thought bitterly, that was what he always did, it wasn’t as if his father -- No. It wasn’t like that at all, was it? Stang, are Mom and I just that unimportant to you? It shouldn’t be a big deal. And yet Ben couldn’t stop the writhing snakes of indignance and confusion that seemed to have taken up residence in his insides. “Hey, Dad,” he said, and he was aware of how colorless it sounded. “Smuggling job?” “Yeah. Should tell you more about it after.” “Yeah.” Ben tried to ignore the unpleasant, painful twists in his stomach, the feelings of hurt and indignance that Dad could have shown up that late. It’s nothing personal, not really, is it? I mean, hyperspace routes aren't just quick zips from point A to point B. Sometimes they take a while... Maybe it was nothing personal. Maybe. And besides, other people had it worse. Thomas probably didn't even have parents who showed up to his Knighting ceremony, and Riin’s parents were downright criminals. It didn't stop the twists of anger and humiliation and frustration and indignance in Ben’s stomach. Why do you have to leave so often? I don’t give a flying bantha’s ass, as you say, about how many credits you’re rolling in or how many races you’ve won, and neither does Mom! We just want you. But he didn't say it out loud. In the Order, you didn't act on your anger or vocalize it. You kept it quiet. And considering some of the stuff that happened when you let it run as wild as Mom and Dad both did sometimes he felt like that terrified boy hiding in a corner listening to his parents fight it was probably a good thing that way. Poe, on the other hand, had no such reservations. “How could you miss out on your own son’s Knighting ceremony?” Poe said. “For kriff’s sake, Mr. Solo -- ’’ “Really, Poe, it’s okay.” It was best to keep his emotions quiet. The feelings of resentment and abandonment that needed to just be locked away in some internal box with the key thrown away. Dad couldn’t know. Uncle couldn't know. Anger was of the Dark Side; Ben couldn’t get angry. He had to keep it all quiet, keep it watered down. Nobody could ever know. *** By the time the Knighting ceremony was over, Han was already angry. Not with Ben – he doubted he ever could be, and besides, Ben hadn't done anything wrong – but with himself, and because anger at yourself could be hard to take sometimes, at Poe. Damn that kid. Poe was a nice kid, of course, but he didn’t really get it, did he? He doesn’t know what it’s like. He hasn’t had to do half the stuff I had. He was lucky. Then again, Poe also seemed to adore Ben in a way that wasn’t just friendship, and the feeling seemed to be mutual. Han wasn't Force Sensitive, but he knew something was going on when he saw it. He could remember when Ben was fourteen and Poe was seventeen, and the hugs they shared on occasion, and how Ben never seemed to shut up at times about how great Poe was, and things like that. Poe cared about Ben, and Han could admire that, and yet… Who the hell was Poe to decide what kind of decisions he made? And just to make it all worse, Luke walked up towards him, ceremonial robes and all, the sort of solemn look on his face that suggested that Han and he needed to have some sort of talk. Luke sighed. “Han...can I talk to you about something?” “Go ahead.” “You really upset Ben.” Oh, wonderful; Luke was going into one of his patented Self-Righteous Guilt Trips again. It was like years prior, when Luke was a brat of a teen who was somehow starting to grow on Han and Han just wanted to bail out so Jabba could get the money Han owed him. He didn't get it then, and though they were much older now, Han felt the same irritation he did back in that hangar on Yavin IV, the irritation where he knew, just plain knew that Luke had zero idea of what he was trying to do and even if he did, he was too caught up in his holier-than-thou bantha poodoo to care. And unlike at nineteen, Luke already seemed to know his weakness here. Ben. Ben was pretty good, actually, at being his weakness. The moment he was born, he’d been Han’s weakness, the reason he was moving everywhere across the galaxy, taking whatever credits he could even though Luke was taking care of him now and hell, Ben was in his early twenties at most and didn't need to rely on Han anymore. Luke had found it, zeroed in on it, and it only made Han irrationally hate him more. “I didn't mean it.” “I know you didn't. I just think that you seem to care more about how many credits you earn than your own family.” Why that little – “Are you kidding me?” Han said. “I'm trying to make sure that they can live well.” “You don't need to. Leia's a Senator, and Ben's a Jedi; he doesn't really need credits any more than Leia does. What you're doing is only harming them further.” Han narrowed his eyes. “You’re not our family therapist, Luke, and if I wanted one, I’d damn well go to one!” Luke’s eyes widened, clearly hurt by Han’s outburst, and Han took a deep breath. Shouldn't have done that. Really shouldn't have done that. “I'm not trying to lecture you,” Luke said. “I'm trying to help you.” “Got it. I'm sorry.” Han sighed. “You just have no idea, Luke. What it was like for me, growing up.” “I have some idea, and I'm sorry.” “No, you had a home, you had a place to go. I want to make sure Ben at least has that. I want to make sure...” That I'm good enough, was the unspoken end of the sentence. That I've earned their love for me, and that Ben never has to know any sort of pain or disappointment like I did. Luke’s eyes became gentle then, kind. “Han...you don’t get it, do you? Leia, Ben...they don’t care about how many winnings you get.” “I’m trying to make sure they can live well.” “I know. But most of all, they want you. A father, a husband...just as you are. They don't care about the amounts of credits you have, how many races you win. Just you.” Han sighed. He wished he could believe Luke on this one. Ben -- well, it was clear Ben adored him. Saw him as akin to a god (which, yeah, lots of kids saw their parents that way, but it was still a bit unsettling. Han had a feeling he wouldn't make a good god. “Perfect” was in Luke and Leia’s vocabularies, as was “divine”, but his? Not really. Looks-wise, yes, behavior-wise, no. Plus, he’d have a habit of smiting, say, Goldenrod, or His Gloominess or Dening, which probably went against some sort of god code, probably “You can’t just beat the poodoo out of people who tick you off every time no matter how tempting it is”. Han Solo was good at many things, but controlling his temper wasn't one of them). Leia, though? They still loved each other, but things were as rocky as an asteroid field right now, from the stupid stuff that somehow managed to tick them off to the bigger stuff that called to mind the term “the bantha in the room”. “Hope you’re right on that one, kid.” “They love you,” Luke said. “I know they love you.” Silence. Then Han spoke, more solemnly, softer, the voice of a man who would do anything – yes, anything – for his family. After all, he wasn't Vader. He would never scare them or hurt them the way that Vader did, because he loved them too much to do that. “I know.” Chapter 29 : Chapter Twenty Eight: Milara Summary: In which we get to visit Snoke's homeworld. It's not pretty. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Milara was a planet that Snoke could not say that he expected to return to, but now that Master Skywalker had discovered exactly what the word Snoke meant, it seemed that they were going back home. If one could call it home. Ben seemed to notice his discomfort, for he said, “Are you all right?” They stood in the antechamber of the Enclave. Around them, Mei was chastising Jimmy Nichos for Force pushing another Knight (it seemed in a way that the young man hadn’t grown up; he’d merely become an older version of the boy that Ben had had to deal with at age four. Fifteen years later, and he hadn’t grown up. It seemed that the thugs of the Academy never truly did), other Jedi were deep in conversation about Milara, and the whole affair seemed to be animated indeed. They seemed to think that they would find the Supreme Leader there, never mind that he had been in their midst all along. Normally, Snoke wouldn’t have gone through such a convoluted plan, even for him. But to find Ben...well, he couldn’t very well march into the Enclave with his Force signature blazing for all to feel. It would have caused Master Skywalker to kill him on sight without so much as listening to what he had to say. After all, Yoda had been too willing to give him those scars, and he hadn’t -- well, he had been on the Dark Side, but his victims had deserved it, his victims needed to die. They had deserved it, but Yoda hadn’t seen it. So Snoke had those scars. The scars on his knuckles told their stories of abuse. The scars on his face told the story of a betrayal of one who was like kin to him. “I can’t say,” Snoke said, “That I have fond memories of the planet.” And that was an understatement. His suffering had begun when he was a small child and the war that had plagued Milara had taken his parents in a brutal manner. He had spent his time hiding in confined places, listening to enemy footsteps until the coast was clear, until he could move again. And then he had ended up at the orphanage. That...the less Snoke remembered of that prison that he had once been forced to call “home”, the better. “I’m sorry,” Ben said. “There is no need. Milara...it is not what Alderaan was, or Naboo. I should make that clear enough. The war that tore apart this planet has been long over for years, but it still holds its dangers, Ben. Be careful.” “I will. And besides,” Ben said, with the sort of cocky grin that brought to mind his father, “We’re together on this mission. What’s the worst that could happen?” Despite himself, Snoke chuckled -- a genuine, non-bitter sort of chuckle. He wondered, absently, if this is what camaraderie felt like. He had not felt it in some time. Not since -- No. He matters not. He was a long time ago. “I do wish,” Snoke said, “I had your optimism, Ben.” *** Milara itself seemed almost like a graveyard of a planet. Ben stepped down on it, grateful that he had the breathing mask in place just in order to not get the fumes in his lungs. The Milarans had used just about every weapon in the holobook on each other, and so they had laid waste to what must have been, Ben thought, a lush green paradise, judging from what used to be grass, what used to be a tree. He looked towards Yana, and images suddenly flashed in his mind -- -- a man’s voice. “Small one, flee. We’ll hold them off, I promise. Get to the others, find them if you can, and be careful.” -- -- the trees like burning brands, the violent winds of the storm tossing fire upon the wind -- -- “If you so much as squeak, you little brat -- ’’ -- Ben walked towards Yana just then. “Master Yana -- was all of that -- ’’ “It was me, Ben.” Yana’s voice was quiet, as if he wished for no one but Ben to hear this. “All of this.” Ben put a hand on his arm. “It wasn’t fair,” he said. “Or right. It really wasn’t.” “No, Ben. But I survived it. That is what matters.” Ben smiled. “Yeah,” he said. “You’re a survivor. A fighter. And one of the bravest beings I’ve known.” Yana actually looked surprised for a moment. Then, “Thank you, Ben.” The search on Milara otherwise seemed to not yield many results. It was coming up to a building that seemed to radiate with the Dark Side that Ben had a sudden, sinking feeling that perhaps they had come close. Perhaps. Perhaps... But what were they coming close to? “This place is giving me the creeps,” Mike said. Ben nodded. He couldn’t say he blamed Mike. Even as they approached, he could swear he heard voices from deep inside. You know what I’ve come for. A voice, muffled, ominous, sounding almost as if it came from the shadows. You won’t have Jaina. Aunt Alora’s voice. You won’t have her. A howl of agony. Ben’s own. The weapon. A haughty, icy sort of voice. It is ready. It was in front of the door that they ran into problems. “I don’t know what’s going on,” Mike said. “It’s like I’m stuck...” “Me too.” Annie ran towards the door, only for some invisible force to stop her, as if she was stuck, sinking in something. Ben had already headed inside when he heard their voices. He ran towards the back doors, only for them to effectively slam in his face, cutting him off from his friends as well as what lay outside. Chapter 30 : Chapter Twenty Nine: Vision of the Future Summary: In which Ben gets a glimpse of what he'll become. It's not pretty. Notes: Disclaimer: I own nothing. Trying for the doors behind him seemed to have little effect. For all intents and purposes, Ben knew, he was trapped here. He couldn’t believe how foolish he had been, just to walk into something like this, as if there would be nothing bad happening? He could remember the horror holos he’d watched with Annie and Thomas and Michael, and how when the protagonists were stupid enough to investigate a strange noise, he had scoffed at that. What a moron! I’d never, ever do that... It seemed some things were easier said than done. But there was no time to mope about it. It seemed that the only way to go now was forward. Forward, forward, forward, until you found the way out, and even then, Ben couldn’t say that he liked it in the slightest. There was something about it that felt cramped, too small, too vulnerable, even as he continued through. The light streamed down from the roof, pale purple, casting bruise-like shadows on the floor ahead of him, on the hallways ahead of him. Ben kept his lightsaber at the ready all the while. There was no telling who could be in there, honestly. There was no telling what could be in there. Strange creatures like shyracks, or rathtars, or tu’kata, or even phantoms... It seemed that when you were in almost complete darkness, your mind seemed to find it a good time to start playing tricks on you. Wouldn’t it be great if there were something behind you right now? a voice in Ben’s mind said. Wouldn't it be great if you were being followed by a pack of tu’kata or something... Only the Force provided enough grounding for Ben to know for a fact that there was nothing behind him. That was a plus, at least. It was ahead, from the shadows that Ben could hear some heavy breathing, breathing that he knew too well, from nightmares. And then the figure materialized from the shadows, black-suited, menacing, all but ready to spring upon him. It was Vader. The same shade that had haunted his nightmares when he was a boy. Breathing heavily all the while, lightsaber raised -- and Ben was suddenly very afraid. No. He could not afford to be afraid. Even though fear had all but frozen him even as the figure headed towards him. Even though his breath hitched with fear. Ben ignited his lightsaber. The two blades clashed, blue against red, red against blue, and they lit up the cave in flashes of color. He would do what he could to beat this Dark Side spirit, he really would. He truly would. The matter of driving Vader back seemed almost like an impossibility, as everything Vader did seemed designed to drive Ben back. Even though Ben knew that realistically, Vader was a Dark Side spirit, the lightsaber pushing against his seemed too real, driving him against the wall. Ben lashed out, trying to drive Vader off him, trying to drive the horrible feeling of Vader’s horrifically heavy breathing away from his neck, away from his face -- Ben’s lightsaber touched Vader’s shoulder at the same time Vader’s lightsaber touched his. The lightsaber burned through his clothes and into his shoulder, and Ben cried out in pain, falling to the floor of the cave even as the pain overtook him. It wasn’t just the burning -- even though, honestly, it wasn’t even a corporeal lightsaber -- but the horrible feeling as if the Dark Side was now running through him. Ben got to his feet, punching his right shoulder. Goddamn you. Stupid, stupid boy. Should have been strong enough. Weak boy, stupid boy, should have been quick enough. The cave ahead was quiet now without the specter of Vader in it. Unsettlingly quiet, actually. But Ben could still feel the taint running through him, throbbing in his shoulder like a wound that hadn’t been treated. It didn't matter. He had to go forward. Simply had to. Needed to. Up ahead were the sounds of voices. A filtered voice, female. “ Sir. The villagers. ” And a male voice, muffled and menacing. “ Kill them all. ” “ On my command,” said the woman, “ Fire. ” “Stop it!” Ben practically sprinted towards the scene in that moment, towards the smell of smoke that seemed too real. The village up ahead, in flames, and he saw stormtroopers somehow, Ben thought, they had recruited stormtroopers all over again. Somehow firing on civilians. “Stop it!” Ben’s voice barely seemed to carry over the cacophony that was the scene. “It’s wrong; stop it!” The hooded, masked, Revan-like figure turned to look at Ben. Then, to the chrome stormtrooper, “Shoot him.” Ben raised his lightsaber. The chrome storm trooper fired at him, and he barely managed to deflect her bolts in time. They flew back at her, but barely managed to dent her armor. She took a grenade from her pocket. Ben dodged in time, covering his ears even as it went off around him -- it seemed too real, actually, that sound, that awful sound of the grenade going off -- He got back up, and, just in time as she threw another grenade at him, he froze it. The chrome stormtrooper stared at him in what Ben could only assume was calm curiosity. Then she began shooting again, Ben deflecting every bolt, letting it bounce back onto the other phantoms. The chrome stormtrooper took out a vibroblade and began slashing at Ben. Ben barely managed to deflect the blade, until his own cut through her arm. The chrome stormtrooper vanished. Now the masked figure was the only one there. He ignited his lightsaber, spun it, and there was something about it that reminded Ben almost of something he’d do. He didn’t know if the masked figure was doing it to taunt him, what exactly the masked figure was trying to do, actually. The duel didn’t help, for that matter. This figure -- it was as if every move Ben made was like looking in a mirror. Practicing in a mirror, for that matter. Every move he made, this figure seemed to deflect all but flawlessly. “I’m disappointed in you, Solo,” said the masked figure. “Your masters must despise you as much as I do if they saw you failing in such a way.” “I’m a slow learner.” “Yes,” said the masked figure, “I know.” They continued to duel, and lightsaber clashed against lightsaber. Red against blue, blue against red, and Ben was already wondering how, exactly, one fought an enemy who seemed to know their every move. He swung. His blade connected with the masked figure’s head. The head rolled away. For a moment, Ben could swear that his face flashed under the mask, and he stepped away, feeling like he’d been stabbed in the gut. It couldn’t be. It was some sort of sick joke by the cave -- or a could be. It couldn’t be set in stone, could it? This couldn't be it. He couldn’t possibly become this monstrous, murdering -- It’s okay. It’s okay. There is no emotion, there is peace. But at the moment, Ben doubted he could feel peace. What if it wasn't a sick joke, but a -- No. No, I’d never kill civilians. They were all so scared, weren’t they; I would never do that to them. I just couldn’t. The opening was near. Ben stepped towards it, and he could swear that his legs could have turned to batter. The sunlight was the most welcome thing that Ben could ever see in that moment and yet, stepping out into it, Ben knew, somewhere deep in a place he could not even acknowledge to himself, that he would never be the same again. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the The Broken Edge series Next Work →