Chapter 1 Hux was a high end pleasure slave, from some of the best training facility in the galaxy. He was sold for a lot of money, to an ugly older man. He was glad when the man told him he was to be a gift. He was led through a palace, trying not to be too obvious as he looked around in slight awe. Then he was left alone in a room with a large bed, which he arranged himself on so that his hip showed through the two pieces of mostly see-through maroon fabric attached to a golden belt, which was the only clothing he wore. Besides his golden collar, and his golden armbands that snaked up his arms. Lord Ren sighed as he approached his rooms. He expected that his “gift” would have been delivered by now. As much as he had tried to politely decline, his advisors had assured him that to do so would be seen as a rejection and the diplomat with the audacity to offer him a pleasure slave would surely take offense. If he weren’t trying so hard to ease political tension and garner good relations with other planets in the Out Rim, he would have flatly rejected the gift without even trying to be polite. Now he was tired from a long day of negotiations, and he couldn’t even feel relieved at the prospect of retiring to his personal quarters because of the disagreeable situation that surely awaited him. Honestly, he didn’t even know what to expect. Hopefully the slave wouldn’t be some poor abused creature, or even worse, a child. If it turned out to be the latter, he thought, he might just declare outright war. Good political relations be damned. He took a moment to brace himself before opening the door to his rooms, and then nearly gasped aloud upon entering at the sight of the man on his bed. As much as he’d tried to mentally prepare for any eventuality, somehow he hadn’t been prepared at all for this particular brand of beautiful creature laying on his bed, looking perfectly at home. His tired mind a sudden blank, he tried to come up with something appropriate to say. A greeting? Polite, but informal. “…Hello…” Brilliant start. Maker, this was already uncomfortable. Hux smiled when the lights turned on. His new master was handsome, in an odd way, which would make this much easier than if he was fat and ugly. "Hello, Master," he said, raising himself gracefully and crawling down the bed toward him. "Would you like to come to bed?" Gods yes, he wanted to go to bed. He couldn't remember the last time he'd been so mentally exhausted, but judging by the way the slave was looking at him, he doubted resting was on his mind. "No, not just now." He said, and turned to the closet to unfasten his outer robe and put it neatly away. His fatigue lessened slightly without the weight of the heavy garment, but he belatedly hoped the slave wouldn't think he was undressing in anticipation of sex. He itched to unbind his hair and remove his platinum circlet and the glittering blood red jewel adornments, but he dared not remove anything else at the moment. "Do you have a name?" Hux tilted his head slightly to the side. Most of his masters would have taken him by now, or at least had him undress so they could inspect him. But this master didn't look interested in him, he just looked tired. Still, he wasn't just trained in the sexual arts, pleasure slaves were trained to be pleasing in all ways. "My name is Hux, Master," he said, getting out of bed and walking up to him. "You look tired. Do you want me to help you getting out of those clothes?" Ren huffed a soft laugh. He could only imagine how tired he must look. Well, there was no sense in lying. "I am tired. It's been a long day, and I wasn't expecting to entertain a guest in my bedchamber." He stood his ground as Hux approached him. It wouldn't do to flinch away and have the other man think he was repulsed by him. After all, even if the circumstances that brought him here were repulsive, it wasn't his fault. Honestly, Hux's offer to help him undress did seem particularly appealing. He used to have attendants help groom and dress him when he was young, and he'd actually enjoyed the feeling of being pampered and cared for up until he'd developed a stubborn prideful streak in his late teens and dismissed them, insisting that he was a grown man who could dress himself, thank you. He wouldn't mind some of that pampering now, though, but this was different. Those were paid attendants, whereas Hux was a slave. He was hesitant to ask anything of him when Hux might feel he couldn't refuse. "Thank you for the offer, but I'm accustomed to undressing myself." Hux lifted an eyebrow. "I'm not a guest, Master, I'm a slave. I'm here to see to your needs, you don't need to see to mine." "You might be, but I'm here now to help you," he said firmly. Ren sighed, his brow creasing in irritation. He hated feeling wrong-footed. And in his own home, no less, as if he were the one who didn't know the rules here. But then, he thought, he'd never owned a slave, so perhaps he was the one out of place in this situation. "You'll have to excuse me. I've never owned a slave before. No one on my world does. Slavery isn't practiced here. People are paid for their services, and if someone is in your home without being paid to be there, they are either family, a guest, or an intruder." Hux could already tell this man hadn't owned a slave before; he was being strangely polite. He had been a slave since he was little, he wasn't sure what it would be like in a world without slavery. "I am none of those. Now would you like me to take off your clothes for you?" This was awkward. If Hux were a servant, or even a hired courtesan, Ren would have no issue with any of this, but he hesitated to let his guard down, lest his morals be tempted to slip. Hux was easily more beautiful than anyone he'd had in his bed before, and it had been quite some time since he'd last had anyone share his bed. He might be lulled into reasoning that this beautiful slave was acting out of his own desires if he wasn't careful. But, at the same time, he didn't want Hux to feel unwelcome or uncomfortable. It wasn't his choice to be here, after all, and he would be here indefinitely until Ren found a suitable way to deal with him. Maybe after a reasonable period to appease the diplomat who had gifted Hux and show that he properly appreciated his gift, he could look into freeing Hux and letting him live as a citizen on his world. Maybe he could think of Hux as a servant for the time being and pay him for his services once he was free. That would solve most of the problems, wouldn't it? Ren sighed and forced his posture to relax slightly. "If you're willing, I would appreciate it." Hux resisted the urge to tell this man that Hux's willingness wasn't part of being a slave at all, but he didn't. If his new Master wanted him to pretend he was willing, then Hux could do that. He took the circlet off his head first, setting it down carefully before carefully taking out his bun. Then he took off the rest of his clothes, setting them to the side. He didn't know where they went, but he was sure his new Master would tell him if he wanted him to do something about it. Ren barely restrained a moan when Hux's nimble fingers released his hair from its knot. He'd had it bound so tightly that he'd developed a headache hours ago, and the sudden release of tension on his scalp did wonders to soothe it. Ren tried to let himself relax as Hux skillfully undressed him down to his undergarments, then he sighed as the ambient temperature in the room chilled his skin. "Thank you... the jewels can go in the bureau by the vanity. You'll see the empty spaces where they belong." Without thinking, Ren sent his newly shed clothes soaring with a casual wave of his hand to drape over a clothing rack in his dressing closet for laundering, then turned to retrieve a plush robe from the back of his vanity chair, where he'd left it the night before. Hux was putting away the jewels when he saw his Master wave his hand and his clothes go flying in response. He froze. Maybe he was seeing things, that couldn't have happened, could it? "Master, what... how did you do that?" he asked, pointing to the clothes he had moved. "What? Oh..." Ren wasn't overt with his Force abilities in his public life for the sake of decorum, but he never thought to restrain himself in the privacy of his own rooms. He sometimes forgot that many sentient beings had never encountered a Force user and still either thought the Force was a myth, or had never heard of it at all. "I have these abilities... Have you ever heard talk of the Force? It runs in my bloodline." "Yes, I've heard of the Force," Hux said, forcing himself to keep putting the jewelry away. "I didn't know it was real, though. I always thought it was a legend." "It's not as well known since few have been trained to wield it after the fall of the old Jedi order, but it is real." Ren shivered slightly and pulled his robe more tightly around him and glanced over at Hux's distractingly bare form. "Are you comfortable? I keep the temperature pretty cool to keep from sweltering in all the heavy clothes." After a moment's consideration, he added "You can be honest. I'm not going to punish you or anything." Hux nodded slowly. It was strange to hear something he'd always considered a legend was real. "I'm more comfortable naked, it's what I'm used to," he answered. "And I'm sure you can find me ways to warm me up," he added with a little wink. "Where would you like me to sleep, Master?" Damn. Ren had meant to have the servants prepare a second place to sleep in his rooms, but he’d been distracted with the negotiations. He looked over at his luxurious, oversized bed. He supposed it would be big enough to share without being indecent. Only for tonight. Tomorrow, when he wasn’t too tired to bother with it, he would arrange separate sleeping arrangements for Hux. “You can take the left side of the bed for tonight. I’ll make better arrangements for you tomorrow. And- please don’t call me that. You may call me Lord Kylo Ren. Or just Lord Ren will do. That’s how most address me.” "Yes, Mas-- I mean, Lord Ren." He got onto the left side of the bed as instructed. He frowned a little when he said 'better arrangements', though. Usually his Masters didn't want him far so he could always be there to attend to them, but Lord Ren seemed like he would rather Hux wasn't there at all. Ren hesitated before climbing into bed on the opposite side and sitting up against the headboard with his datapad. He got the sense that Hux was uncomfortable, and he wasn’t sure if it was something he’d done or if Hux was simply not accustomed to being treated politely. He wasn’t sure what he could do to be more welcoming. “Is there anything in particular you would like for breakfast in the morning? I was just getting ready to put in the order… For that matter, I should have asked if you were hungry.” Hux laid on his side, watching Lord Ren to make sure he could be attentive if he needed something. He blinked at him for a few moments. He had never been asked that before. "I... I'll eat whatever you see fit, Lord Ren. And I'm not hungry." He tilted his head. "You look stressed, Lord Ren. Would you like a massage before bed? It was part of my training." “I’ll have the chef send a selection of local foods in the morning. You’re sure to find something you like.” Ren messaged the chef, then set his datapad aside and paused at Hux’s offer. A massage did sound amazing. He’d even considered scheduling one for the evening, but that plan had vanished as soon as he’d learned he’d have his gift for company. And it would be a shame to let Hux’s training go to waste, wouldn’t it? “That does sound nice, actually…” "That really won't be necessary, Lord Ren," Hux protested. "You're still thinking of me more like a guest, which I'm not. Think of me more like… a servant." "Good," he said, happy to be useful in some way. "If you would remove your robe and roll over. Do you have any oils?" “Well, I’m not inconsiderate of my servants, either. And I was indecisive of what to order for breakfast, anyway.” Ren untied his robe and slipped out of it, dropping it over the side of the bed. “There are scented oils in the bathroom, in the cabinet to the right of the sink.” He suppressed a shiver at the temperature as he turned over and made himself comfortable on his stomach. Hux got up and walked into the bathroom to get the oils. He climbed in between Lord Ren’s legs, smiling as he got a good look at his muscles. He had a very nice body, which would make this easier. He squirted some of the oils into his hands, rubbing them together so they wouldn't be as cold before he started massaging Lord Ren’s back. Ren shuddered slightly at the feel of surprisingly strong hands on his back and slowly let himself relax, sighing softly. “Your hands are warm.” "I'm glad I please you, Lord Ren," Hux said. He moved down his back, massaging his butt briefly before he got off the bed. "May I wash my hands, my lord?" he asked. “Yes, of course. Anything you need.” Ren murmured into his pillow, then stretched languidly and rolled onto his side. The massage had taken the edge off of his exhaustion and left him feeling more on the side of pleasant drowsiness. “And you do please me. You pleased me from the very start, but that isn’t the issue.” Hux went into the bathroom to put the oils away and wash his hands quickly, then walked out again. "Did I?" Hux asked in slight surprise. He hadn't thought that at all. “Yes.” Ren murmured as he reached for the bedclothes, the chill of the room starting to sink in again. “You’re very beautiful… but as I said, I’ve never owned a slave. The idea of owning another person is abhorrent to me.” Hux got under the covers as well, glad that he was attractive to his master. "Yes, but you do own me now, so why not make the best of it? I can make your life very pleasurable, my lord." Ren sighed and shoved the thick mass of his hair out of his face as he tried to think of the best way to explain something like consent to someone who may never have had the freedom to make a single decision for himself. “Because I don’t want to bed someone who would rather not have me, if given a choice.… Does that make sense?” Hux bit his lip. "I was... when I became a slave I lost my rights and the ability to make a choice. That's just how it is. I'm meant to be a tool for someone else's pleasure." "But you are very handsome, Lord Ren," he said, reaching a hand out to stroke his cheek. "I would not mind sleeping with you." Ren cringed at Hux's comment about himself. "Hux, you are not a tool for my pleasure or anyone else's. Maybe that's how you were treated on the planet you came from, but you're here now. This is my world, and you were given to me, and on this planet your body is no one's tool but your own." He reached up to his face to take Hux's hand, curling his broad fingers around Hux's slenderer ones. "But if you belong to me, how can I know you truly mean that? If you feel you're meant to serve me and please me in any way I ask, how can I know if you actually want me, or if you're only doing what I want because you feel you must?" Lord Ren didn't understand, and Hux was too tired to go back and forth. He shouldn't be arguing with his master anyway. "As you say, Lord Ren," he said quietly, shaking his head in slight frustration. He turned on his side so he was facing away from him then scooted back so he was pressing against him slightly, giving him room to scoot away or cuddle if he wanted to. Ren frowned slightly at Hux's response. This discussion was clearly going nowhere. As much as he was appalled by the circumstances Hux had come from, Hux had obviously just accepted them as fact and either didn't want his situation to change, of didn't believe it could. It saddened Ren, but he was too tired to carry on arguing at the moment. Maybe he could think of a better way to approach the topic in the morning. He tensed awkwardly when Hux settled under the blankets and pressed close to him. Part of him argued that this was inappropriate and he should put some space between them. But there was a part of him that ached to comfort Hux, even though he seemed to want no comfort for himself. And the additional body heat was nice when he was used to having the cold bed to himself. And he didn't want to risk making Hux feeling rejected any more than he already had. He draped his arm around Hux's middle and gently pulled him closer. He wanted to ask if this was okay, if his touch was wanted, but he got the sense that Hux wouldn't appreciate him asking when he was expected to just take any pleasure he wanted. He tried to put that thought from his mind. Consciously, he slowed his breathing and forced himself to relax. Hux felt Lord Ren tense when he pressed against him, and expected him to scoot away. He was surprised when he felt his master's arm around him. He liked being held. Some of his masters had made him sleep on the floor or in a separate bed after they had sex, but he liked it much better when he was allowed to sleep in the same bed with them after. He let himself be pulled backward so he was pressing up against the warm chest of Lord Ren. He wasn't able to get to sleep very easily. This was a strange place and usually he had sex before he went to bed to tire him out. However, he was able to get to sleep eventually. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 When Hux woke up he felt the familiar sensation of morning wood pressing against his ass. "Good morning," he said, grinding against it teasingly. Ren let out a low hum of pleasure and pulled Hux closer, still mostly asleep. He ground his hips forward against Hux's ass before his mind caught up with the situation and he snapped fully awake. He scrambled backward and cursed when he accidentally tumbled off the bed and hit the floor in an inelegant tangle of bedsheets. "Kriff! Hux... aah, I'm sorry." Hux smiled to himself when he felt Lord Ren start to grind against him. Maybe he was getting over his qualms, and would finally use Hux like he was supposed to. He frowned when he felt the cool air on his back and heard a heavy thump, turning to see Lord Ren wasn't on the bed anymore. "You don't have anything to be sorry for," Hux said, getting off the bed and helping his master out of the bedsheets and to his feet. "Are you all right?" "No, I- I mean, yes, I'm fine. I just- I shouldn't have-... I wasn't thinking." Ren winced slightly. The sight of Hux's slender and still temptingly bare body, coupled with the fact that he'd just been grinding against his ass, had his usual morning erection now painfully hard. A shower was in order. He couldn't remember a time he'd been so desperate for a morning wank. He bent to gather his robe from the floor where he'd left it the night before and slipped into it, wrapping it loosely around himself to hide his crotch. "Um... did you sleep okay?" "You can do whatever you want, and I really don't mind," Hux reassured him. "Yes, I slept well," he said. "Would you like me to help you with that? We don't have to have sex, if you're against that. I can give you a blowjob. I'm very good with my mouth," he said teasingly. Ren's cock throbbed painful at that, and yet somehow there was still enough blood leftover for him to blush. "I don't doubt that you are. Um...N-no, thank you. I'll just- I'm going to take a shower. Please make yourself comfortable. Breakfast should be brought up soon." He retreated hastily to the bathroom and took his time bathing and jerking off leisurely to thoughts of Hux's playfully smirking mouth and the skillful things he could do to him with it. This was already getting to be a problem. He wanted Hux badly, and there was no sense even trying to deny it. If only Hux weren't a slave. Afterward, he took some time to moisturize his skin and condition his hair with pleasant-smelling products while he collected his thoughts and tried to banish the guilt of fantasizing about taking advantage of someone who couldn't refuse him. Once he finished, he put on a fresh robe and went back into the bedroom to face Hux again. "Sorry, I hope I wasn't too long. You're welcome to use my bathing facilities yourself, if you'd like." Hux frowned, but nodded. Lord Ren really must be moralistic if he wouldn't even let him give him a blowjob. He knew what he was doing in the shower, so he sat on the bed again to wait for him. "Again, I'm not a guest, my lord," Hux reminded him gently before walking into the bathroom. He took a quick shower, trying to use products that looked the least expensive, and then got out, drying off and walking out with a towel around his waist. Breakfast arrived while Hux was in the shower. There was a selection of fruits and sweet pastries along with several savory dishes, a few of which were spicy. Ren had everything spread out on a low table by a large window so they could recline and appreciate a view of the garden and the mountains beyond while they ate. When Hux emerged from the bathroom, Ren's mouth went dry. He really needed to find a way to convince Hux to wear more clothing or he was probably going to end up taking a lot more showers. "You look... refreshed. Um, would you like a robe? It can be drafty by the window." Huxs eyes widened slightly when he saw all the food. "This is just breakfast?" he asked in slight wonder. He shook his head. "I'm more comfortable naked," he said. "Alright. Please let me know if you change your mind." So much for that. If this kept up, he might be tempted to turn the temperature down even further. Or maybe he could try a different tactic and see if Hux might be tempted by the opportunity to dress in something dazzling and luxurious. Though that would obviously have to wait until after breakfast. "Yes, this is just for breakfast. This is much more than I typically have, though. I thought you would like a selection to choose from." Ren reclined against a large, plush pillow by the window. "Please join me." "I will," Hux said. "That was very thoughtful of you," Hux said, kneeling next to Lord Ren as he looked over the food. It smelled amazing and his stomach rumbled a little. Ren grinned slightly when he heard Hux's stomach rumble. At least this was a kindness he could offer Hux that he might accept. Surely it wouldn't be too unusual for people who owned pleasure slaves to have their slaves join them while they indulged in decadent foods, would it? Even if it was, Hux needed to eat, anyway, and if Ren was taking a meal in his room it only made sense for Hux to join him. "Help yourself to anything you want. Feel free to ask me if you have any questions. I'll go ahead and warn you that these two dishes are spicy, if you like peppers and that sort of thing." Ren went ahead and helped himself to a spicy dumpling from one of the dishes he'd indicated, hoping to signal to Hux that it was okay to start eating. Hux nodded. He didn't really like spicy foods so he avoided those. He tried small bites of most of the food, finding things he did and didn't like. Then he sat back on his heels. "May I get dressed now, Lord Ren?" he asked. "Yes, absolutely. Please, I feel a bit chilled just looking at you.” Ren sincerely hoped he meant to dress in something more substantial than the loincloth thing he'd been wearing before that was little better than wearing nothing at all. "Would you like me to find something for you to wear?" Hux smiled. "I'm really not cold, Lord Ren." He shook his head. "This is fine. Thank you for offering, though." He took off his towel, holding it up questioningly. "Where should I put this?" Ren felt color creeping back into his cheeks as he did his best to maintain his composure and keep his eyes fixed on Hux's face, though he couldn't keep his gaze from flickering down to take in the nicely sized cock surrounded by coppery curls. Force help him, this was torture. He coughed and averted his gaze entirely, pointing to the bathroom. "There's a hamper by the linen cupboard. You can put it there." Hux smirked when he saw Lord Ren's gaze redden, and saw the quick glance at his cock. He had to give into his desires eventually, and Hux just had to keep pushing him in small ways. "All right," he said, walking in and putting the towel in it, before dressing himself in his skimpy clothes again, putting the bracelets on. He could take those off while he slept or showered, but he could never take the collar off. Ren picked up his datapad when Hux left the room and signaled for servants to come and collect the remains of their breakfast. He looked over his schedule, which was empty for the day, and wondered if he should make up some pressing reason to go out for the day. Though he found himself reluctant to leave this strangely exquisite hell Hux's presence had quickly become. And he felt bad about the idea of leaving Hux alone for hours with nothing to amuse himself. Though he imagined Hux would probably argue that he was accustomed to such treatment. Maybe he could get Hux to engage with him in something other than sex. He had a few strategy games they could try. Or maybe they could just talk for a while. He was oddly eager at that. He wanted to know more about Hux, and hoped he would be willing to talk about himself. Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Hux walked back over to Kylo when he was dressed and knelt next to him again, watching the servants take the food away. "Do you have somewhere to be today, Lord Ren?" he asked. "I don't, actually. I knew the meetings yesterday would be strenuous, so I purposely left my schedule open for today. I guess that worked out nicely, because it gives me an opportunity to get better acquainted with you." Ren shifted to prop himself up more fully with his pillow. "Are you comfortable kneeling like that? You're welcome to recline however you like. There are plenty of pillows." "I hope you mean get better acquainted with my body," Hux said with a smirk. "And I'm fine like this." Ren flushed slightly and cleared his throat. He'd never had anyone put so much obvious effort into trying to seduce him. It didn't help that, kneeling like he was, Hux looked much like he'd envisioned him in his little fantasy in the shower earlier. "Actually, I was interested in your mind and your history. We could talk. Or we could play a game, if you'd like." Hux frowned. "Oh. Well, my history isn't very happy. And I don't know much about games. But I will do whatever you wish, Lord Ren." Ren was a little relieved at that. He was terrible at strategy games. "We can talk for now, then. I'm not particularly good at games, either. Would you rather I ask questions?... You may choose not to answer if I ask about something that's uncomfortable for you to talk about." "Yes, I would prefer you asking," Hux said. Maybe if Kylo knew more about him, he would finally fuck him. "Okay. You can ask me questions as well, if you want." Ren considered his first question carefully. It would probably be best not to pry into anything too sensitive right off, but he probably shouldn't start with something as inane as asking Hux's favorite color. "How old are you? How long have you been a slave?" ... Okay, maybe that was a bit of both. Something inane along with something that might be a bit sensitive. "I'm 29," Hux answered. "And I'm been a slave since I was little. 10 or 11 I believe? The facility I was trained at only takes young slaves, they're more malleable." Not that he had really expected anything different, but he felt a hard knot of horror in his gut at Hux's blunt statement about the facility where he was trained. And the way Hux said it as casually as if he were talking about the weather only made it worse. "I see... do you remember much about your life before that? Or how you came to be at that... facility?" Hux hesitated. He didn't like thinking about those memories, but he knew Lord Ren expected an answer even if he said he didn't. "My father was never... pleased with me. I was a bastard, and he never really wanted me. I... I was always disappointing him. And then one day he decided he'd had enough and sold me, to 'make up for the time and effort he'd put into me'." He looked down and fidgeted slightly. “Hux…” Ren had to restrain his impulse to reach out to Hux to comfort him. He didn’t want Hux to mistake his compassion for pity, or think he was patronizing him. Ren knew a few things about being a disappointment to one’s parents, but he could hardly have even imagined a parent doing what Hux’s father had done to him. He measured his tone carefully, hoping not to make Hux feel any worse. “I’m sorry that happened to you. Your father was wrong. You didn’t deserve to be treated that way.” "Yes, well, what's done is done." Hux looked up and attempted a smile. "I told you my life wasn't pleasant. I can think of pleasant ways we can spend our time, though." Ren sighed and looked away sadly. It seemed like Hux didn’t even know how to interact with someone in a way that didn’t involve sex. “I know you do, but you have more to offer than that. I like talking to you. Is that so hard to believe? I was going to ask how many masters you’d had before me, but I think we should talk about something more pleasant.” Ren paused to consider his next question. It was difficult to think of a topic that wouldn’t turn out similarly terrible. “Um… do you like animals? Flowers? Music? What’s something you like?” Hux frowned. He was a pleasure slave, that's what his identity was, what he had been trained for. "Animals are all right, I suppose," he said awkwardly. "Flowers are nice, and I've never had a preference in music. I like... I like the rain. It was rainy where I grew up. I liked the smell of it, the way it felt on my skin." He smiled and let himself lose himself in the memory for a moment. Ren smiled softly. “You’ll like it here in the spring, then. The weather gets warmer, and it rains a lot. Sometimes for days on end. It should be spring in just a few weeks, actually.” As much as he had never particularly liked the rain, Ren thought taking Hux for a walk in the garden in the rain might be nice, as soon as the weather turned warm enough. “Is there anything you like to do for fun? Just for yourself?” He had dozens of other questions, about Hux’s training, his other masters, the collar he wore, but maybe it would be best to let Hux think and talk about something other than being a slave for a little while. Hux's smile grew a little as he returned to the present. "Really? That sounds very nice." He shook his head. "Unless you mean sex, no." “Right, of course.” Ren sighed again. He was running out of pleasant things to ask about. “Is there anything you want to know about me? Or this world?” Hux thought for a second. "What is your official title? I take it you're royalty. Do you run this whole world, or just a portion of it?" "My official title is 'Sovereign,' and this is my planet entirely, as well as portions of several other planets in the Outer Rim. Though I have a council of advisors, ultimately I rule here." Ren said. The title might be impressive, but he certainly found it exhausting to bear at times. "Really?" Hux asked in slight fascination. Lord Ren was definitely the most powerful master he had had. "That’s very impressive, my lord." "Thank you. It's a heavy burden, but it has its perks. As I'm sure you've noticed." Ren gestured to their extravagantly furnished surroundings. "I'll admit my family ties helped to get me here. My mother is a royal as well, though I branched off on my own rather young..." Speaking of his mother, a topical anecdote about her came to mind. He wasn't sure what Hux might think of the story, but he decided to risk it anyway. "You know, someone once tried to keep my mother as a pleasure slave once on Tatooine, when she was around twenty..." Hux nodded. "Yes, this is definitely the nicest place I've ever been." "Really?" he asked curiously. "What happened?" "She didn't take to it well. She strangled the one who enslave her with the chain he used to shackle her. He was a Hutt gangster, and a particularly nasty piece of work from what I've heard." Ren remembered the first time he'd heard that story. Until then all he'd heard were vague allusions to her strength and heroic feats. It was the first time he'd felt properly proud to be her son. "Strangled him?" Hux asked in a bit of shock. He didn't think he'd ever be able to do that. He wondered if Lord Ren was implying that he should have been stronger, and fought his captors so he wouldn't have ended up like this. "Your mother sounds like a strong woman." "She is. But even so, she wasn't a child when she was enslaved, so her circumstances were a lot different than yours, obviously." Ren added, wanting to emphasize the difference. "And anyway, I hope I never give you reason to want to strangle me." "You never know, now that you've put the idea in my head you'll have to watch your back," Hux said teasingly, before flinching. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean that." Ren laughed lightly. "No, it's alright. I can take a joke. I deserve it for setting that one up for you." He grinned to show he genuinely wasn't angry, but then sobered before asking his next question. "If you had the opportunity, though, would you want to be anything other than a slave? Wouldn't you want to be free?" Hux frowned. "I... I don't know. I've been a slave most of my life. I wouldn't know what to do with myself." Ren frowned and nodded sadly. "Of course... Well, I suppose if you actually enjoy certain aspects of, um... what you do now... you could consider being a Courtesan. They serve people in much the same way you do, except they choose it as a career and enter training to learn different arts to entertain and please their clients. They are highly paid for their services, and they often receive jewels and gifts from their clients in addition to their payment. Also, they have the right to choose their clients, and refuse anyone they disapprove without needing to give a reason. They're well respected and sought after by nobles and wealthy individuals. It's considered a glamorous profession." Hux nodded slowly as he listened to Lord Ren. He wasn't sure if he enjoyed what he did, but it was what had been drilled into his brain through his training. Please others, please others. He was a tool to be used, that was who he was. "That does sound interesting. But it's all theoretical. I'm a slave." "Right. Of course... but who's to say you'll always be a slave? You belong to me, don't you? Don't I have the authority to free you?" Ren asked, and eyed Hux's collar. He was sure it was at least a symbol of Hux's enslavement. Hux frowned. "It depends on the laws here. But I suppose you'd know them better than anyone." He knew Lord Ren didn't want him, and he supposed freeing him was one way to get rid of him. He could just sell him, but he seemed opposed to slavery so he probably wouldn't do that. "I do know the local laws. Technically I'm breaking them by owning you. Slavery is illegal here." Ren had set that law himself when he'd come to power. Slavery had already been frowned upon here, so he faced little opposition when implementing it. "Not that there is anyone to punish me for it, but still, I set a poor example by breaking laws I expect others to follow." "Oh," Hux said. "Well, then I suppose freeing me would be simple. Then I would be out of your hair. Whoever gave me to you must not have thought his gift through well." "He didn't. I was livid. Actually, I was contemplating declaring war when I walked out of the negotiations... but when I saw you, the thought of war lost its appeal." He looked Hux over again, but did his best not to blatantly leer. "I would keep you... I could employ you here, if you like it here. If you'd want to stay." "War?" Hux asked in slight shock. "This is still hypothetical, though, isn't it?" he asked slightly nervously. He really didn't know what he wanted, he hadn't had to think of it before. Ren could see that Hux was getting nervous. Maybe this was a bit too much too fast for him. "Yes, hypothetically. I'm not about to throw you out to fend for yourself. This is just something to think about... And there's really nothing you like to do to amuse yourself? What did you do all day when your masters were out?" Hux nodded, glad about that. "Uh, sometimes I would talk with other slaves, if I was allowed to. Sometimes I would read. Again, if I was allowed to. Or I would clean, or just sit there and wait if that's what my Master expected." Ren nodded, though he was disgusted at the idea that anyone would force Hux to sit in boredom all day waiting for their return. "I knew there had to be something. Obviously there are no other slaves, but you're welcome to talk with the staff. And of course you're allowed to read. You're welcome to anything in the library, but I'll have to insist you be fully clothed if you go outside my private quarters." Hux nodded. He probably wouldn't talk to the servants, from his experience in the staff they looked down on him and tended to either verbally abuse him or just ignore him. It would be nice to get books from the library, as well. He frowned. He really didn't like clothes, they were itchy and felt wrong. "Of course, Lord Ren, but this is all I have." "I can have some things made for you, but it would probably take a few days to come in. I could set a few of my own things aside for you to wear in the meantime. They might be a bit large, but they should work." Ren got up and offered a hand to Hux to help him up. "We can pick some things out. You won't have to wear them when you're in here if you don't want to." "Thank you, Lord Ren, I would appreciate it," he said, taking Lord Ren's hand and standing. "Yes, I would prefer not to." "I want you to be comfortable." Ren lead Hux into his closet, surprised to find himself excited at the prospect of dressing this beautiful man in some of his fine things for reasons other than the opportunity to cover up all that lightly freckled skin he was longing to touch. He figured Hux would prefer something flowing and loose fitting. Ren had a few things that fit that description, even though that wasn't a style he typically wore. Sorting through a rack of hanging robes, he selected one in a deep, shimmering emerald green that he'd never worn. Another gift from a dignitary meant to impress him with an example of the fine and incredibly soft silk their planet produced. It was a fine fabric, but green really wasn't his color, and the style of the garment really wasn't his taste. It would look marvelous on Hux, though. He held it up for Hux to inspect, turning it around to show off the low, open back crisscrossed with strings of tiny, glittering jewels. "What do you think about this?" "It's beautiful, my lord," Hux said in slight awe. He reached out a hand tentatively to feel the silk. "But it's much too fine for me. I'm a slave. If you have something you wear to bed or to exercise, that should suffice.” "Maybe I'd like you to have something nice to wear. What if I wanted to bring you with me off-planet one day? Shouldn't you have something to wear befitting my status should you happen to be seen with me? Besides-" Ren held the sleeve of the garment up next to Hux's cheek. "This is a terrible color on me and I've never worn it, but it suits your coloring like it was made for you. It brings out the color of your eyes... you need not wear it just to wander around the palace, but I'd like it if you would try it on." Hux bit his lip. He really liked the robe. And if Lord Ren really wanted to give it to him, maybe it could just be for special occasions, like he said. "Yes, I would like to try it on," he said. Ren flashed a lopsided, roguish grin- his father's grin, he'd been told -and assisted in dressing Hux in the robe. When he was finished he stepped back to see the final result, and his breath caught in his throat. Hux looked like a dignitary dressed to impress at a formal gala. He placed a hand on Hux's back, left bare by the cut so low as to almost be indecent, and turned him toward the full-length mirror, hovering just behind him. "Look at yourself." He said, close to Hux's ear, his voice now a husky whisper. Ren turned his own eyes to the mirror as well, to take in the both of them together. Standing behind Hux in his warm but simple house robe, he could be mistaken for an attendant with Hux as his Sovereign. He could almost lose himself to that illusion if not for the collar Hux wore. He itched to remove it and expose the delicate column of Hux's neck so he could fasten his lips there. Hux felt Lord Ren’s hand on his back, but he had been grabbed in much more indecent spots so he barely paid it any mind. His eyes widened slightly when he saw himself in the mirror. Dressed like this, he almost didn't look like a slave. He shivered at Lord Ren’s warm breath on his ear. "I take it you like it?" he teased, pressing back against Lord Ren to see if he was hard. "I like it very much," he murmured, his lips just brushing the outer edge of Hux's ear. He shuddered slightly when Hux pressed back against his already half-hard cock and barely resisted the urge to grind against him like he had that morning. It seemed laughable now that he'd ever thought putting more clothing on Hux would somehow make him less impossibly desirable. Ren's mouth practically watered as he leaned down slightly to let his breath ghost over Hux's neck and he reached up to touch tentative fingertips to Hux's collar. "May I take this off?" Hux grinned triumphantly to himself when he felt Lord Ren was half hard. He shivered again when he felt his breath on his neck. He hesitated. "It's not supposed to come off, but... you're my master, you can do as you please." Ren reached up to unfasten the collar and dropped it carelessly aside. Hopefully Hux wouldn't insist on putting it back on later. Gently, he traced his fingertips down Hux's neck from the corner of his jaw to the edge of his collarbone. Hux was so beautiful. Ren was suddenly appalled at the thought that apparently several masters had had this man in their bed and somehow grown tired of him and sent him away or sold him to someone else. How could anyone grow tired of someone who looked like this? If it were possible, Ren felt like he might be drunk with want. He gave in to the burning compulsion to trail soft kisses along the same path his fingers had just followed, pausing to suck lightly at the patch of skin that had been beneath the collar. Hux felt strange without the constant weight of his collar. He had had it on most of his life. He felt... almost like a part of him was missing. But then Lord Ren was tracing his fingers along his skin, and he let that thought out of his mind. When he started kissing it, he tilted his head to the side for better access, letting out a little whimper when he sucked on the sensitive skin where his collar had been. Ren's cock throbbed at the little sound Hux made. He was fully hard now, pressed firmly against Hux's ass. "Did you like that?" He asked, and kissed that same spot again. "Tell me what you want." "Yes," Hux whispered, grinding his ass back into Kylo. "I want you, Lord Ren. I want you to fuck me." He let his voice go into the needy plea he knew so well. Ren groaned softly at the neediness in Hux's voice and ground back against his ass, the slight friction making him shudder. He reached up and turned Hux's face toward him with a gentle touch to his jaw. Leaning in, he let their noses bump lightly and their lips brush before sealing them together in a soft kiss. Hux let Lord Ren turn his face, and leaned into the kiss. He was surprised by how gentle he was being, he clearly wanted him but he wasn't just throwing him on the bed and taking him. He was treating Hux... almost like a lover. Not a slave. Ren hummed softly in approval and deepened the kiss. He wrapped his arms around Hux to pull him closer and slid one hand across his chest to lightly tease his nipples through the thin fabric of the robe. Ren reach out with the Force to skim the surface of Hux’s mind, hoping to get a sense of Hux’s true feelings, whether he was actually enjoying this or putting on an act to fit what he thought Ren wanted. Hux opened his mouth and groaned slightly into Lord Ren’s mouth when he teased his nipple. He didn't mind sex, sometimes he enjoyed it if his master cared about his pleasure. He could tell Lord Ren would be like that, so he was looking forward to it. Ren slowly broke the kiss and withdrew so he could move to stand in front of Hux and slip his arms around Hux’s waist. “You actually do want this…” Hux made a little noise of displeasure when Lord Ren pulled back, thinking maybe that was as far as he was willing to go for now. "What I want doesn't matter," he said, before remembering Lord Ren cared if he wanted things or not. "But I do want this." Ren smiled crookedly, glad that Hux seemed to be catching on that his wants and needs mattered to Ren. He reached up to curl his hand around the back of Hux’s neck and leaned in to kiss him again, then let his free hand drift down to work on undoing the fastenings on Hux’s robe. Hux was a little sad that he had to take off the fine robe, but he didn't want to ruin it so he let Lord Ren pull it over his head after he had undone it, then met in a kiss again. Ren kissed back and used his Force abilities to return the robe to its hanger so he wouldn’t have to pull away from Hux again, but he caught the small twinge of regret Hux felt at having to take the robe off. “Mmm don’t worry. I’ll see that you have an opportunity to wear it again. And I’ll order more, anything you want, tailored to fit you perfectly.” He took rested his hands on Hux’s waist to keep him close as he slowly guided them back toward the bed. Hux flinched slightly when the robe flew back onto its hangar. He didn't know if he was ever going to get used to that. "I would be very grateful if you did, my lord," he said. He felt the bed hit the back of his knees and let himself fall onto it, taking Lord Ren with him. Ren noticed Hux’s flinch and made a mental note to use more restraint with his abilities around Hux. He didn’t want to startle him, after all. He huffed a quiet laugh when they tumbled onto the bed, being careful to catch himself on his elbows so as not to crush Hux under his weight then sat back on his knees to undo and shrug out of his robe, glad he hadn’t bothered to put on undergarments after his shower. He took a moment to look down at Hux and appreciate his lightly tousled hair and the pink flush of arousal on his skin. “Gorgeous.” He said in a low rumble, then leaned down to kiss Hux’s neck again. Hux hadn't gotten too much of a chance to see Lord Ren’s body, but he was fit and had a large cock that made his own cock twitch. "And you are very handsome, my lord," he said, running his hands over his back. Ren smirked to himself, having caught a stray appreciative thread of Hux's thought regarding his cock, glad to know he liked what he saw. At times of physical intimacy, he found it difficult to keep out of his partners' heads, which was a big part of the reason he was so attentive in bed. After all, it was difficult to ignore the other person's experience when you kept overhearing snatches of their thoughts even when you tried to block them out, so if they weren't fully enjoying themselves then neither was he. It was also why the was so selective with his partners, and his sexual encounters were often few and far between. There had been one occasion where he'd even thrown someone out of his room because they'd been too busy congratulating themselves for getting him on his knees and mentally reveling in their imagined power over him as he pleasured them with his mouth to even appreciate his efforts. Hux's mind was nothing like that, though. No acidic, power-hungry thoughts. It was a beautiful relief compared to all those who threw themselves at him in hopes of gaining something in return. He also got the sense that Hux wasn't used his partners being concerned at all regarding his own pleasure, which only made Ren more determined to lavish him with thorough and affectionate intimacy, as if he could make up for all this neglect. Ren hummed his approval at the feeling of Hux's warm hands on his back. He moved down to suck lightly at the ridge of Hux's collarbone and slide his own broad hands up to Hux's chest to gently tease his nipples. "Do you still want me to fuck you?" He murmured into the hollow at the base of Hux's throat. Hux let out a little noise of pleasure when he felt Kylo teasing his nipples. "Of course I do," he said. "That's what I've wanted since I first got here. You managed to hold out the longest, though, I must say." Ren chuckled. "I noticed. Sorry to put you off for so long, but I had to be sure." He moved down to suck lightly at one of Hux's nipples, since he seemed to enjoy that. Reflexively, he reached toward the bedside drawer, well out of reach from his current position, but caught himself before using his abilities again. "I want to use my abilities to retrieve something out of reach. Don't be startled. I just don't want to leave you to reach it." Hux squirmed a little under Lord Ren, his nipples were very sensitive. He nodded, appreciating Lord Ren's advanced warning. "All right." Ren reached out again and a small bottle sprang into his hand from the bedside drawer. He then turned his attention back to thoroughly kissing his way down Hux's torso, enjoying the scent of his own bath products on Hux's skin. He sat back for a moment to snap open the top of the bottle and generously coat the fingers of his right hand with lubricant, then leaned back in to lap at Hux's navel with his tongue as he reached down to gently finger the opening in Hux's ass. Hux watched the bottle fly into Lord Ren's hand. It was strange, but he was distracted by it when Lord Ren started kissing down his body. He shuddered as Lord Ren licked him and ran his finger around his opening, wriggling to try to push his finger into his hole. Ren smirked at Hux's impatience. "Relax, sweetheart. You'll be well taken care of." He leaned down a bit to take the head of Hux's cock in his mouth at the same time he slowly pushed two fingers into him, a trick he'd learned the first time he'd let someone take him to distract from the initial discomfort of being breached. Not that he doubted Hux's experience, but he knew even his fingers were rather thick, and he was happy to err on the side of caution. "Kriff," Hux said breathlessly as he felt Lord Ren’s mouth on his cock at the same time he felt the familiar full feeling of two fingers in him. He hadn't had anyone do that before. Sometimes he wasn't allowed to come at all, sometimes it was only if he came on his master’s cock. A few hadn't cared if he got himself off afterward. But no one had ever put their mouth on him, or even jerked him off. Ren felt Hux's shock and caught a string of thoughts from him. How could no one have considered pleasuring him this way before? If he went ahead and brought Hux off with his mouth, he wondered how long it would take before he'd be able to come again. He took Hux in deeper and sucked lightly while simultaneously working his fingers in deeper in search of the sensitive bundle of nerves inside him. "L-Lord Ren I... I'm going to come if you keep doing that," he said shakily. And then Lord Ren hit his prostate, and he came with a loud moan, his back arching slightly. "I'm sorry," he said, panting as he came down from his orgasm. The second-hand sensation of Hux's orgasm was nearly enough for Ren to come completely untouched, but he barely managed to restrain himself. He slowly drew away and swallowed Hux's release, then kissed the inside of one slender thigh. "It's all right," he said, slightly out of breath, "I wanted to bring you off. But don't worry, we aren't finished." He crawled back up to lay next to Hux and pull him into his arms, holding him against his chest. He was almost painfully hard, but he could wait a few moments. He still intended to take Hux, but when he came he wanted Hux to come with him. "I'll give you a few minutes to recover." Hux could feel how hard Lord Ren was. "I don't need any recovery time, Lord Ren, I'm ready for you," he said. He was sure he would be oversensitive, but it definitely wasn't the worst thing he had been through. "No," Ren said, "You aren't ready. I can feel it. Don't rush just because it's what you think I want. I won't die from having to wait for you." He pulled Hux closer and nuzzled along his jaw. "Have I not shown you that I care about your pleasure?... When I take you, I want you to enjoy it. And when I come, I want to bring you with me." Hux frowned slightly. "What do you mean by you can feel it? If you don't mind me asking, my lord." Ren hesitated, but there was no sense trying to hide this aspect of his ability. "Don't be alarmed, but it has to do with my Force abilities. Force sensitives often have strengths in particular abilities, and mine are related to the mind. I can sense people's thoughts. Either by reaching out to their minds with the Force, or sometimes people simply project, if feelings or thoughts are strong enough. Close proximity makes the connection easier, and... physical intimacy with another forms a sort of connection where even if I try I can't really keep from sensing at least some of what they think or feel." Hux’s frown deepened as he processed this. It would mean Lord Ren would be able to tell if he was hurting or lying which wasn't good. Lord Ren’s pleasure was the most important thing, and he didn't want him getting caught up in if Hux wanted it or was in pain or not. He wondered if there was some way of blocking Lord Ren from his mind. "Oh," he said. "Well, that's strange, but there's nothing I can do about it. I suppose I'll get used to it." Hearing the concerns in Hux's mind, Ren frowned. "I would be concerned about what you want and whether you were hurting or uncomfortable even if I couldn't connect to your mind. In fact, if I couldn't sense that you actually wanted me to, I wouldn't have allowed myself to touch you this way. I never want my own pleasure to be at the expense of your comfort." He reached up to cup Hux's jaw and lightly run his thumb across one of those high, aristocratic cheekbones in a gesture he hoped Hux would find comforting. "I know it goes against what you've been taught, but I consider your desires and your pleasure as equally important to my own. I want you to be honest with me." Hux bit his lip. Lord Ren was right; it went against what he had been taught. He was just a slave. But there would be time to discuss it later, now it was time for sex. "Yes, my lord," he said, dipping his head slightly. "I'm ready for you, now." "Are you sure? Did I prepare you thoroughly enough?" As much as he was eager to take Hux, he was a bit more than average and he didn't want to risk hurting him. "Yes, I can take you," Hux said, letting his eyes become needy and lustful again. "I want you, Lord Ren." "If you're certain..." He rolled Hux onto his back again, settling his hips between Hux's thighs. He wanted to ask Hux to let him know if he was hurting him, but Ren knew he wouldn't. He'd just have to pay close attention to the feedback from Hux's mind. Ren grabbed the bottle of lubricant against and thoroughly slicked his cock before positioning himself at the entrance of Hux's hole. He leaned in to kiss Hux as he began to slowly press into him. Hux returned Lord Ren's kiss eagerly. He felt the familiar burn as Lord Ren pushed into him. It was uncomfortable, but not too painful. He was used to the feeling, anyway. Ren moaned softly into the kiss at the tightness around his cock, but he could sense Hux's discomfort, familiar though it may be. He slid a hand down Hux's abdomen to wrap around his cock, hoping to distract him as he had before, and stroked him lightly as he continued to press in until he bottomed out inside him. Hux let out a moan when Lord Ren started stroking his cock. It wasn't quite as intense as his mouth had been, but it still shot sparks of pleasure through him. When Lord Ren bottomed out, he felt pleasantly full. He let his body adjust for a moment. "You're so big, you feel so good in me," he muttered. "Mmm. Do I?" The sensations he picked up from Hux combined with his own made him shudder. He kissed Hux's neck and continued to stroke him as he slowly pulled out and pressed back in, beginning a slow, steady pace, angling his hips to hit Hux's prostate. "Yes, yes," Hux groaned as Lord Ren started to thrust in and out of him. He let out a moan when he hit his prostate. "Yes, right there." "Hux," Ren moaned, feeling his orgasm building already. He gradually increased his pace, continuing to stroke Hux in time to his thrusts. "Kriff. So good." "I'm g-going to come again," Hux warned, wrapping his legs around Lord Ren as he increased his pace to pull him closer. "I'm close," Ren panted, pressing tighter against Hux as he wrapped his legs around him. "Come with me, darling." He stroked Hux harder as he felt his orgasm approaching, then cried out hoarsely when it crashed over him. Hux came again with a loud moan, and his orgasm was somehow more intense this time. He could feel Lord Ren cumming inside him, and he panted as he came down from the wave of pleasure. Ren panted softly and pressed open-mouthed kisses along Hux's neck as he came down from his orgasm. He could feel the residual pleasure thrumming through Hux as he came down as well. He only just managed to restrain the litany of endearments on the tip of his tongue, knowing this was already different than what Hux was familiar with and not wanting to overwhelm him just now. Instead he settled for holding Hux close as the comfortable drowsiness of afterglow began to set in. "That was amazing, my lord, you were amazing," Hux said when he came down from his high. It felt nice to be held afterward, so he let himself relax and close his eyes. He wasn't used to it, but it was another change about being owned by Lord Ren that he enjoyed. He was lucky, to have this. Ren hummed contentedly at the praise, sensing sincerity in it even if it was likely something he'd said before without meaning it. He reached up to run soothing fingers through Hux's hair when he sensed how fortunate he felt to belong to Ren, and his heart ached. "Darling, you deserve to be treated this way. They've fed you lies to make you believe otherwise." Hux realized Lord Ren must have heard his thoughts again. It was still strange. He still didn't agree with him, but he was too drowsy and content to argue. "As you say, Lord Ren." "Am I going to sleep here with you?" he asked. The strength of his mental connection was fading as they both became relaxed and sleepy, but Ren still felt a wisp of disbelief from Hux at his words. It was going to take time, but he was determined to help Hux. Perhaps one day he would finally believe that he had value and deserved kindness. "I intended to have another bed set up for you, but I don't suppose there's any reason for you not to stay here now, if you're comfortable with me." It seemed like Lord Ren wasn't so quick to push him aside now, which made Hux glad. Sex was good for fixing things like that, and it usually put his owners in a better mood after. "Yes, I would rather not move," Hux said. "I'm comfortable like this." "I'm glad," Ren sighed, "It's been a long time since I've had anyone else in my bed. I'd forgotten how much warmer it is." He grabbed the blanket from the foot of the bed and pull it up over them. It truthfully had been a long time since he'd invited anyone into his own bed, and before he'd slept beside anyone. Before last night, of course. And last night he'd slept better than he had all winter. Settling in under the blanket, he wrapped his arms around Hux again and pulled him to rest against his chest. Hux let himself be pulled closer, letting the comforting heartbeat of Lord Ren lull him to sleep. Ren held Hux close as he nodded off and quickly fell asleep as well, comfortably warm and worn out from sex, he slept more soundly than he had in months. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Hux slept better than he had the previous night. This was still a strange place, but it was becoming more familiar. When he woke up he felt the steady breathing of Lord Ren and knew he was still asleep, so he kept still so he wouldn't disturb him until he woke up. Ren woke slowly, still blissfully warm and comfortable, and found Hux awake in his arms. “Mmm… good morning. Have you been awake long?” "Not long," Hux assured him, even though he guessed he had been awake about ten minutes. "And good morning, my lord." Ren grinned sleepily and reached to tuck a loose strand of tousled copper hair behind Hux's ear. "You look beautiful this morning. Are you hungry?" Hux laughed. "You must still be half-asleep, then, because I have been informed that I have awful bedhead. And I could eat, but I'm not dying of hunger." Ren chuckled softly. "No, it's endearing." He made a half-hearted attempt to smooth down Hux's hair. "I'll put in an order for breakfast. Would you like to shower before we eat?" Hux rolled his eyes slightly. "Yes, I would." He really didn't want to get out of bed, but he knew he had to. "I assume you have things to do today?" he asked. "I do. I have a training schedule to adhere to, and I have a conference dinner with some of my representatives from my settlements on other planets." Ren rolled onto his back to stretch languidly. "I can show you the library before I go to train, if you want." Hux nodded, rolling over so his head wasn't resting on Lord Ren anymore. "That won't be necessary, my lord, you're a busy man. I can ask one of the servants to show me." "It's no trouble. It's on the way." Ren reached for his datapad to put in the breakfast order, being sure to order things he noticed Hux seemed to like from yesterday. "I can set out some clothing for you to choose from, as well." Hux nodded and forced himself to get out of bed. "I would appreciate that. Nothing too nice, though." He got into the shower and washed up. Ren climbed out of bed and went to his closet to change into his training clothes, a black tank top and loose cotton pants, then collected some comfortable casual clothing and laid it out on the bed for Hux to choose from. By the time Hux was finished showering, servants had brought the breakfast and set it out on the same low table as the day before. Hux smelled the scent of food when he got out of the shower. He picked the least expensive-looking piece of clothing, and put it on, along with his collar. He didn't feel right without it on, and he hoped Lord Ren wouldn't mind. Ren did his best to keep the disappointment from his expression as he watched Hux fasten the collar back in place. Instead, he took a seat by the table and focused his attention on pouring a cup of caf for himself. "Do you drink caf?" Hux walked over and knelt next to Lord Ren again. He noticed all the things he had found out he liked were on the table, and he smiled to himself as he started eating. "I've never tried it. Is it good?" "I like it, but some people find it too bitter. There are things you can add to take the edge off the bitterness, though. You can try mine if you want." Ren offered his mug to Hux. Hux nodded, taking Lord Ren's mug carefully and taking a sip. It was bitter, but it wasn't too bad. And not nearly as bad as some of the things he had been forced to drink. "Yes, it is bitter," he said, handing the mug back. "I probably wouldn't drink it by choice, but it's not too bad." Ren smiled slightly, glad that Hux at least answered honestly. "There's also tea, if you prefer. Or..." He poured a second cup of caf and added some milk and sweetener. "Try it this way. But you don't have to drink it if you don't want to." "I like tea," Hux said. He took the mug and sipped it again. "Yes, it's much better this way. Thank you, my lord." "Thanks for humoring me. You don't have to finish it if you don't want to. There are several varieties of tea, and you're welcome to any that you like." Ren gestured to the pot of hot water on the table next to a selection of tea bags. "Is the food to your liking today?" "There's no need to thank me for what I'm here for, Lord Ren," Hux said. He decided to look at tea selection, picking out one he recognized and letting it steep. "Very much so, Lord Ren," he said, smiling at him. Ren smiled politely at that, glad to have gotten the food right. He was feeling much more awkward with Hux this morning than he'd expected to, having hoped that sex would have helped ease some of his discomfort with the situation. He supposed that might be in part because he rarely had breakfast with people the morning after sleeping with them. He also realized that he'd somehow been expecting Hux to start behaving less like a slave after being treated with kindness and consideration, but he now the thought that by sleeping with him he'd probably only made Hux feel like he was finally filling his proper role. Ren mentally cursed himself for letting his desire get the best of him. Even if Hux had wanted it, sleeping with him really hadn't been the right thing to do. "I would have thought the collar would be uncomfortable." He blurted, then cringed internally at his bluntness. He'd been trying to come up with a topic for discussion over breakfast, but this probably wasn't a good conversation starter. Hux looked over at Lord Ren in surprise. "Uh, no, my lord, it's not. I've worn it so long it's almost like a part of me. But if it bothers you, I can take it off." He hoped Lord Ren wouldn't make him take it off again, but he would do what he ordered. Ren shook his head. "No, it's-... I want to encourage you to make decisions for yourself, and if you prefer to wear it I won't ask you not to," he said. He supposed it made sense, even if it wasn't an encouraging sign. He hoped one day Hux might decide to take it off on his own. "But just as I won't ask you to take it off, know I don't insist you wear it either. You're welcome to take it off any time you like as far as I'm concerned." Ren checked the time on his datapad. He'd get behind his schedule if he lingered over breakfast much longer. "Are you finished eating? It's fine if not, but I need to be going soon." Hux nodded. "I understand, my lord." "No, I'm done," he said, rising gracefully from his knees. "Do you still have time to show me to the library?" "Yes, of course. Come with me." Ren lead the way out of his personal quarters and down to a wide, open hall with row upon row of holorecords. He went to a secure panel in the wall, opening it by pressing his hand to the scanplate, and withdrew a new datapad similar to his own. "Here. This is yours to keep." He held it out for Hux to take. "You can load any holorecords you like onto it, and you can also use it to message me or contact the staff for anything you might need." Hux followed Lord Ren into the library, looking in slight awe at all the holorecords. He was almost afraid to take the datapad, but he did, holding it reverently. "Thank you, my lord. I'll take good care of it." "You're very welcome. I'm sure you will." Ren said, pleased that Hux had accepted the gift without argument. "Feel free to read in here, or you may use the lounge down the hall, or you're welcome to return to my quarters if you're more comfortable there. Do you have any questions?" "I will, Lord Ren." He thought for a moment. "What am I supposed to do if I am hungry?" "Right, of course. You can message the kitchen, but... you don't know what to ask for specifically. That's okay, though. You can just ask for a selection. The chef has some idea of your preferences now from our breakfast order. He'll be able to come up with something. Does that sound okay?" Ren considered for a moment. "Or you can always message me, and I can put in an order for you." "Yes, I can do that, my lord," Hux said, nodding. "I'll be fine on my own, I wouldn't want to disturb you. I won't starve from missing one meal, anyway." Ren shook his head and smiled in what he hoped was a reassuring way. "You won't be disturbing me. I'm sure the conference will be incredibly boring, and I'd hate for you to go hungry. But I'll be coming back to my quarters to shower and change after I finish training, anyway, so if you need anything you can tell me then. All right?" Hux smiled, but he would never disturb his master, no matter how bored he was. "I will, my lord," he said. "Thank you. Please enjoy yourself today." Ren paused a moment, then leaned in to kiss Hux softly. "I'll see you soon." He turned and headed away to his training room. "And you have a good day as well, my lord," Hux said, returning the kiss eagerly. Hux spent most of the day in the library, losing track of time as he searched for books that were at his reading level and looked interesting. He downloaded some of the holorecords onto his datapad, and started reading one before he realized how late it was. He didn't know exactly what time Lord Ren would get back, but he should be there to greet him when he did. Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Hux wasn't in Ren's quarters when Ren went to change for the conference, but he assumed Hux might still be in the library. The conference was just as dull as he expected, and he found his thoughts wandering to Hux. He hoped Hux was enjoying himself, and that he'd eaten something at some point. Thankfully the conference ended sooner than expected, and he tried not rush as he returned to his quarters. Hux walked quickly out of the library, clutching his datapad to his chest. Two servants were talking just outside the library, and one of them stepped out in front of him, the other one joining him. Hux gave them a hesitant smile. "You're Ren's new sex slave, aren't you?" the first one asked. Hux nodded. "I am. My name is Hux." The first servant looked him over while the second stood there with his arms crossed. "Then why are you wearing clothes?" the first one asked, grabbing his shirt and pulling on it, ripping a hole in it. Hux bit his lip and looked down. The second servant laughed and they both ripped his clothes until they were hanging in tatters. Hux's lower lip was trembling. Those were Lord Ren's clothes, and he had gotten them ruined. "Much better," the first one laughed, stepping back to look at his work. "Now, this is much too nice for a slave to have," he said, prying the datapad out of Hux's grip, who reached for it. "No, give that back!" he said, before wincing at the look they were giving him. "I mean, please give it back." "Slaves should learn not to say no to those above them," the first servant said, dropping the datapad on the ground and stomping on it, cracking the screen. They walked away laughing. Hux was openly crying now as he bent to grab the datapad and walked back to Lord Ren's quarters. The guards and servants gave him looks as he passed but they didn't say anything. Ren was concerned to find his quarters empty when he got there, but when Hux arrived soon after he was shocked and horrified at the state Hux was in. “Hux!” he hurried over him, eyes wide with concern as he looked him over for injuries. “Stars! What happened to you? Are you hurt?” "I'm fine, Lord Ren," Hux said. "There were these two servants, they stopped me in the hall and... I'm sorry, Lord Ren, I ruined your clothes. And...." He held out the datapad guiltily. "I'm sorry. Punish me as you see fit." “Hux…” Ren reached out, gently took Hux by the shoulders and guided him over to sit on the bed. He was furious, but he struggled to rein it in as took the broken datapad and set it aside so he could take Hux’s hands in his own. Hux was clearly frightened and upset enough as it was, he didn’t need Ren shouting and breaking things in a rage to make him feel any worse. “I’m not going to punish you. This wasn’t your fault. You said my servants did this to you?” Hux could see Lord Ren was angry, and he had every right up be. He trembled slightly as he was led to the bed. "But you entrusted these things to me, and I got them ruined." He sniffed and tried to stop crying. "Yes, my lord." It wasn't totally unexpected and why he generally avoided servants unless he had to mingle with them. Ren reached up to cup Hux's cheek in his palm and gently smudged away the tear tracks under his eye. Comforting someone wasn't anything he was familiar with, but he tried to remember the things his mother would do when he was a child and came home crying because of something other children had said or done to him. He'd felt fury pouring off of her then, even as she tried to soothe him. Maybe this wasn't quite so different. "Hush, darling. Please don't cry. I am angry. I'm furious, but not at you. My servants should know better than to treat anyone in my palace this way, and I'll see the ones responsible fired before the day is through." As much as he tried to keep his words gentle, anger seeped into his voice until he was nearly spitting the last sentence through clenched teeth. Hux managed to stop the tears even though his lower lip was still trembling. If Lord Ren didn't want him to cry he wouldn't. He was surprised when Lord Ren said he wasn't angry with him. And that he was so angry with the servants. They hadn't actually hurt him, or used him, and he was just a slave. Ren sighed and turned away from Hux for a moment, almost shaking with rage. He took a slow breath, trying to calm himself, still worried he might frighten Hux. "I'm sorry. And please, I don't- that wasn't an order nor to cry. You were just horribly mistreated, so of course you feel like crying. You can cry if you want to, I just- I hate to see you distraught, and I hate that this happened to you in my home." He picked up his own datapad and quickly sent out a message to assemble his entire staff in the foyer, then set about pulling up security footage from that day to pinpoint Hux's assailants, and as he worked he turned toward Hux again. "Have you eaten since breakfast? I'll bet you're famished. I'm so sorry. I can bring you anything you want. Do you want sweets?" Hux scooted a little bit away from Lord Ren. Even though he said he wasn't angry at him he knew that sometimes his masters took out their anger on him anyway. '"I'm all right, Lord Ren, I just was upset that they ruined the things you gave me. I know you're disappointed in me." "Oh," he said. He hadn't even thought of eating; he had gotten distracted in the library. "Yes, I am hungry. I really don't deserve sweets, though." Ren cringed slightly at himself. Sweets. That was something he'd picked up from his father, who used to bribe him with sugar to get him to stop crying when he was a child. It was effective at the time, he had to admit, but Hux wasn't a child. "You deserve anything you want." He said, then switched off his datapad once he had the information he needed and looked up at Hux, who looked a bit nervous and frightened. "I'm sorry if I'm frightening you. I'm not going to harm you, I-... just wait a moment." Ren got up and went to his closet. "Please take off those torn clothes. I'll get you something." "I would like some regular food," he said. Hux nodded and stood up, taking off the rags. "Thank you, Lord Ren," he said guiltily. "I'm very sorry about your clothes and... and the datapad." "You don't need to apologize. You did nothing wrong." Ren brought his house robe over and wrapped it around Hux's shoulders. "There. And I'll get you a new datapad. It's going to be fine." He stroked Hux's cheek. "I'm going to fetch you something to eat, and take care of a few things. Will you be okay for a few minutes?" Hux would have been fine naked, but he knew Lord Ren liked it better when he wore clothes, so he pulled the robe around himself. "Yes, I'll be fine, my lord," Hux said, attempting a smile. "Okay. I'll be back soon. Just rest for now." Ren softly kissed Hux on the forehead, then left the room and stormed down to the foyer. Ren hadn't spoken harshly to a servant since he was young, and he'd been thoroughly scolded for it by his mother. That was a lesson about power and how to treat those under your authority that he'd taken sincerely to heart. He was always respectful and generous with his staff, and he hoped the contrast of his kindness in the past would add gravity to the sharp words he had for them now. Upon arriving in the foyer, he immediately gave the two servants who had accosted Hux a thorough dressing-down in front of their peers and fired them both on the spot. Then he gave a sharp lecture to the remaining staff, wherein he told them that they were to treat Hux as a guest, as he had been doing, or they could resign immediately, and that if there were any further harassment of Hux he wouldn't hesitate to fire them all and staff his palace with droids instead. Once he was certain he'd gotten his point across, with perhaps a mild application of his Force abilities to drive the massage home, he dismissed them and made his way to the kitchen himself, too angry with his staff at large to allow any of them prepare and deliver food to Hux. Ren wasn't much of a cook, but he could prepare a few simple things. After looking around to see what was available, he settled on putting together a tray of cheeses and cured meats with some seasonal fruits and small pieces of bread. He also included a bottle of wine that seemed like it would pair well with the cheese, and, as an afterthought, he made a mug of hot cocoa. The cocoa was a favorite of his uncle's, so Ren liked to keep it on-hand in case of visits from his relatives, but he always found it comforting and hoped Hux might enjoy it as a treat. Balancing the loaded tray, Ren stopped by the library to fetch a new datapad, then carefully made his way back up to his personal quarters and slipped inside. "I'm sorry, that took a bit longer than I intended. I brought you something to eat. It's nothing fancy, but I hope you'll like it." Hux nodded, laying down on the bed to wait for Lord Ren. He wished he had the books he had downloaded onto the datapad. He sat up when Lord Ren walked in, getting up quickly and taking the tray from him before setting it on the table. "Thank you, my lord," he said. "And this looks perfect." Ren smiled slightly, somewhat proud of himself for putting together a decent meal even though he knew Hux would likely have said that about anything he brought. "Go ahead and help yourself, I've already eaten," he said. He went to the closet to change out of his regal robes and jewels and into a fresh house robe, then gathered the broken datapad. The screen was destroyed but the drive was still intact, so after a little bit of messing around with it, he was able to transfer all the files onto the new datapad, then he went over and set it on the table next to Hux. "Here you are. All set up for you. Now you won't have to be bored while I work." Hux knelt down and started eating the different meats and cheeses. He looked at the datapad a bit warily as he swallowed the bite he was chewing. "I don't think you should trust me with anything nice, my lord. I'll only ruin it." Ren sighed. "You didn’t ruin the first one. I don't think you would have let it get broken if you could've stopped it. But even if this one breaks as well, I can get you another." He sat with Hux while he ate and picked up his own datapad to check his messages and get some work done. There was one subject line that mentioned a recent discovery of kyber crystals and he quickly opened that message, hoping for some good news, then sighed in annoyance as his datapad stalled while loading attachments. He really needed to clear some room on the drive. While he waited on that to load, he reached for the bottle of wine. "Do you want to try a glass of wine with your dinner? I might have one as well." "If you're sure, Lord Ren," Hux said, going back to eating. "I would," he said. Most of his masters hadn't given him alcohol, saying it was too expensive for a slave. Some of them had liked to get him drunk though, since it made him looser and they didn't have to bother with preparation. Realizing he'd forgotten to bring a corkscrew, Ren lowered the bottle just out of sight under the edge of the table and used his abilities to pop the cork out of the bottle, then poured two glasses and slide one toward Hux. Sipping lightly from his own glass, he picked up his datapad to skim the message that had finally loaded. About halfway through the message, he cursed under his breath. So there had been a large quantity of kyber crystals found, and he was somewhat familiar with the planet that had discovered them. He'd dealt with them once before and hoped never to encounter them again, but with something so valuable and potentially dangerous as kyber crystals, he couldn't afford to ignore it and risk them falling into the wrong hands. He remembered his dealings with their representatives last time. They liked to purchase slaves as a disgusting display if their wealth and power, and they didn't take Ren seriously at all since, having no slaves himself, how much wealth and power could he possibly have? He'd been all to happen to leave those detestable people to themselves. He was going to have to negotiate with them. And- Ren glanced over at Hux, feeling a bit ill even considering it- he did have a slave now. Maybe if Hux just made an appearance at his side, just long enough to get through negotiations, it wouldn't be so terrible. "Hux... how would you feel about attending an event off-world with me?" Hux took a sip of the wine. Alcohol wasn't his favorite thing, but this wine wasn't bad. He glanced over at Lord Ren when he cursed lowly, still eating. He was just finishing up eating when Lord Ren addressed him. "If you want me to go, I will, my lord." Ren sighed and stared into his wine glass for a moment as he considered. "Honestly I'd rather you didn't because I'm concerned it would be an unpleasant environment for you, particularly. But I think it would be politically advantageous for me to have you with me." "You don't need to worry about me, Lord Ren, I'm here to please you. Besides, I've been in many unpleasant environments and I've gotten through them." "I don't doubt that you have. I'd hate to add to those experiences for you, though." Ren paused to sip his wine, then sighed again. "I don't think I can afford to leave you behind, though. I'm afraid I'll need every advantage I can get, and these people celebrate slavery like no one else I've ever encountered. It's detestable, but I need them to take me seriously for negotiations. This is too important. Otherwise I would never ask you to come with me for this." He scrolled through some event notifications and, of course. There it was. They were throwing an event to court mining investors and trade negotiations for the kyber crystals. Hux took another sip of his wine. He personally didn't think slavery was detestable, but he didn't say anything. "I understand, my lord," he said. "I'd be happy to go with you if it will help in any way." Ren felt slightly relieved at that. At least this felt a bit more like Hux had volunteered, even if the entire situation made him nervous. "Thank you for that. I'll try to make negotiations as quick as possible, so we won't have to be there for long." "You don't need to do anything on my behalf, my lord," Hux said, finishing off his wine. "Are you done with work for the day, my lord?" "Yes, I think so." Ren said, setting his datapad aside. "It's been a trying day and I've had enough, I think." "I know something that will make both of us forget about our trying days," Hux said, getting up and sitting in Lord Ren’s lap. Ren rested his hands on Hux’s waist to help balance him on his lap. “Do you, now?” He knew he shouldn’t be encouraging Hux in this. It still wasn’t a good idea for him to sleep with Hux, but with Hux’s warm weight comfortably in his lap, it was difficult to remember why. Hux was still a little shaken from his encounter earlier, and he would rather just go to bed, but he pushed that out of his mind and tried to concentrate on how much he wanted Lord Ren in case he picked up any misgivings from his mind. "I do," he said, grinding on Lord Ren’s lap teasingly. Ren tensed at the sensation of Hux grinding against him and struggled to keep himself from pulling the other man tighter against him. Instead he reached up to stroke Hux’s cheek. He really needed to get a grip on his lust, and after what had happened today with his now former servants, he couldn’t help but be concerned about Hux. “Are you sure? You’ve been through a lot today.” He leaned in to lightly nuzzle at Hux’s jaw. “I could just hold you. If you aren’t ready to sleep, you could relax and read from your new datapad.” "I'm fine, Lord Ren, I want you," Hux said, letting his voice fall into a needy plea. He was good at lying, and he kept filling his head with how good it had felt last time so Lord Ren wouldn't suspect anything. Ren bit his tongue to keep in the moan that tried to escape him at the echoes of Hux's thoughts reached him, and he felt himself beginning to get hard. He struggled to remind himself that even if Hux wanted this, it was still a bad idea. Hux thought of himself as a tool for Ren to use for his pleasure, and sleeping with Hux only served to reaffirm that, even if Hux enjoyed it. Maybe if Hux thought Ren really just wanted to sleep, he wouldn't push. "And what if I'm too tired, darling?" he said. It wasn't much of a stretch, really. He was tired. He'd pushed himself hard training that morning, so his muscles were pleasantly fatigued. The conference over dinner had been mentally exhausting. The incident with his servants and his efforts to comfort Hux had been emotionally taxing. It probably would be best just to go to bed, in spite of his burgeoning erection. Hux could feel Lord Ren starting to get hard and he felt a wave of triumph. "We could make it fast, then. I'm probably loose enough from last night you won't have to prepare me. Or I could just give you a blowjob." He didn't stop grinding against Lord Ren as he said this. Ren bit back another groan and his cock twitched slightly, almost fully hard now, at the offer of a blowjob. Gods that sounded good. He'd been longing to experience Hux's skillful mouth ever since the first time Hux had mentioned it, but he quickly pushed that thought away. It was bad enough he was considering taking his pleasure from Hux again, he certainly wouldn't have it be one-sided as well. When had he gotten so terrible at controlling himself? Maybe it had really just been too long since he'd been with anyone, or maybe it was because he'd never had someone simultaneously so beautiful, skillful, and eager to please him. Whatever the reason, he was ashamed to feel himself caving to his desire again. Or he would be in the morning. At the moment he was too focused on the feel of Hux grinding against him through the layers of fabric to bother with anything like shame. Leaning his head against Hux's shoulder briefly in a useless attempt to collect himself, he started to kiss way up the side of Hux's neck, pausing when he reached the collar. “May I take this off?" Hux hummed in contentment when Lord Ren started kissing his neck, glad he wasn't going to protest anymore. Hux was there to please him and he could tell he needed this. He hesitated, before nodding. He still didn't like having his collar off, but if Lord Ren wanted him to he would. "Is that a yes to the blowjob or to sex?" he asked. Ren sensed Hux's discomfort with the idea of removing the collar, and for a moment he was at war with himself over his own dislike for the collar and what it represented, and his desire to acknowledge and adhere to Hux's own desires and preferences. In the end, he decided the latter was most important. Instead, he let his hand drop to Hux's knee and slid it up along his thigh under his robe, Ren's hand so broad it nearly wrapped halfway around the slender thigh, and resumed his task of kissing Hux's neck. "You don't want me to take it off." He murmured softly against the hollow just under Hux's jaw. "You've had a trying day as well, darling. I won't have this be one-sided. Besides," he lifted his head to brush noses and then lips with Hux. "I like your mouth where it is for the moment." He said and kissed him softly, tasting the pleasant remnants of wine on his lips. Hux shivered slightly at the feeling of Lord Ren's breath on his neck. "I... don't," he said hesitantly. "But what I want doesn't matter. I know you like it better when it's off. And it felt nice last time, when you were kissing under it. The skin is sensitive there." "As you wish, Lord Ren," Hux said, kissing him back eagerly. Some small part of Ren wanted to argue with Hux again that what he wanted did matter, but the rest of him felt that tearing his lips away from Hux just to argue was unacceptable. So he carried on kissing Hux while he let his hands wander over him, undoing the robe Hux wore to slip his hands slip inside to touch every bit of warm, smooth skin he could find. "Mmm, would you prefer here, or the bed?" Hux let out a contented humming as he was touched by Lord Ren. "You did say you were tired, so maybe we should do it like this so I'm doing most of the work. I really don't mind either way, though." "I'm fine with that." Ren said and reached to undo his own robe, then slid the robe from Hux's shoulders, letting it drop to the floor. He ran a hand over Hux's chest to tease one of his nipples and reached toward the bed with his other hand, pulling the bottle of lubricant into his palm with the Force. Hux may think he was still loose enough not to need prep, but Ren wasn't going to try taking him dry. Hux let out a little groan when Lord Ren played with his nipples. He flinched less noticeably this time when the lube flew into Lord Ren’s hand. "Sorry." Ren said with a slight wince. He'd forgotten again about Hux being nervous about his abilities. He leaned in to kiss Hux again in apology as he snapped open the lubricant. "Do you want to, or shall I?" "It's all right, Lord Ren, it just startled me," Hux said. "I'll get used to it eventually." "I could," Hux said, holding out his hand for the lube. "Still, I should be more mindful of such things. But I hope you know I would never use my abilities to harm you intentionally." Ren said. He pressed the bottle into Hux's hand. "Be my guest." "I'm sure you wouldn't, Lord Ren," Hux said. He really believed that, he wasn't just saying it. He took the bottle and pulled Lord Ren’s underwear down, revealing his hard cock. He poured some lube into his hand, stroking Lord Ren’s cock. Then he raised himself so he was above Lord Ren’s erection. He slowly lowered himself onto it, biting his lip at the stretch. Ren felt a swell of something warm and giddy when he sensed the sincerity in Hux's words, intensely pleased that Hux seemed to trust him. He bit back a gasp of pleasure when Hux slicked him with skillful strokes, but couldn't suppress a low groan of pleasure when Hux began to sink down onto his cock. He rested his hands on Hux's hips but resisted the urge to push him down faster, letting Hux take him in at his own pace. He could feel the stretch through Hux and suddenly wished he'd taken at least a little time to prepare Hux to ease the stretch a bit, but gods the tightness felt good. Hux bottomed out and paused for a moment to let his body adjust. He lifted himself up slowly, then lowered himself down again, slowly increasing his pace and letting out intermittent moans. Ren moaned when Hux was fully seated on his cock, his voice low and breathless. "Hux... ahh kriff," He tightened his grip on Hux's hip with his left hand to help steady him as he began to move, and let his right hand drift over the smooth expanse of lightly freckled skin before him before moving back down to take Hux's cock in hand and stroking him in rhythm to Hux's movements. Hux shuddered when Lord Ren grabbed his cock and started stroking him. He found the perfect angle to hit his prostate with each movement. He could feel himself getting close. "Lord Ren, I'm- I'm going to come," he panted. "Go on. Come for me." Ren panted. He could feel how close Hux was, and knew he couldn't last much longer, either. He twisted his wrist a bit to give Hux a bit more friction as he stroked him. "Come on, darling." It only took two more strokes before Hux came with a cry, spurting all over his chest and tightening around Lord Ren. He forced himself to keep going though, even though his legs were shaking a little. Ren cursed and came hard when Hux tightened around him. He wrapped his arms around Hux's waist, both to still his movements and pull him closer, and rested his head against Hux's shoulder, panting softly as he came down. "That was perfect, darling. You’re perfect." Hux rested there contentedly in Lord Ren's arms. He smiled wearily. "Thank you, my lord." Ren lifted his head again to kiss Hux softly, then grabbed a napkin from the table and cleaned the cum from Hux's chest. He could feel how tired Hux was. "Let's get you to bed. You're exhausted." He lifted Hux slightly to let his softening cock slip out, then tightened his arms to hold him against his chest as he stood and carried him to bed. He laid Hux down on the bed and kissed him softly as he used the same napkin to gently clean away the cum leaking out of his sensitive hole then tossed it aside, using his abilities to subtly ensure it landed in the hamper for laundering. "Is there anything else you need before I lay down with you?" Hux didn't protest when he was carried to the bed. It felt nice to be in Lord Ren's arms, he was strong and warm. "I should be the one asking you that," he protested halfheartedly; he was too tired to really object. "But no. And thank you, my lord.” Ren smiled, glad that at least Hux wasn't protesting his care too strongly. He always felt especially tender toward his partners after sex, but knowing that Hux didn't expect to be treated kindly made him want to take care of him even more. "It's my pleasure. Your comfort is important to me." He said, then crawled into bed and pulled Hux to lay against his chest. "I'm just a slave," Hux pointed out, but he was too tired to really argue. He relaxed against Lord Ren, closing his eyes. Ren sighed and lazily stroked Hux's hair as the post-coital drowsiness really started to set in, loosening his tongue even as it made his eyes droop closed. "You're not 'just a slave.' You’re more important to me than that. You're mine." Ren blinked his eyes open again briefly, not entirely sure himself what me meant by that, but it was true nonetheless. Hux had quickly become important to him, and he was his, whether or not there was any deeper meaning to it. He could think about it another time, when he wasn't so tired. For now, he just held Hux closer and quickly drifted to sleep. Hux frowned. He did belong to Lord Ren, but that was just because he was a slave. He didn't really understand what he meant by that, but he was too tired to ask for clarification. He could feel Lord Ren's breathing deepen and he fell asleep soon after. Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 Ren woke early the next morning, shifting slightly before his mind caught up with him and he remembered he wasn't alone in bed. Being the third morning in a row, he would've thought he'd be getting used to waking up next to someone else by now. He laid still, hoping he hadn't woken Hux. He wasn't particularly eager to get out of bed, anyway, as he was already dreading the day. His datapad was probably full of new resignation messages from his staff after last night, and if it was he needed to either hire more servants or buy some droids to fill the empty positions. On top of that, if he wanted to negotiate for the kyber crystals he and Hux needed to leave for the gala by that evening. Ren didn't want to deal with any of it. For the moment he just wanted to stay right where he was, in the warmth and comfort of his bed. Hux was getting more used to sleeping with Lord Ren, so he didn't wake up as early as he had been. He turned over gently to see if Lord Ren was awake, and smiled at him when he saw he was. "Good morning," he said. Ren smiled back warmly when Hux greeted him, genuinely pleased to see Hux's sleepy grin and adorably mussed hair, though his smile faltered for a moment at the unfamiliar intensity of the swell of affection he felt at the sight. Something else he filed away to think about another time. For now, he just wanted to enjoy this quiet moment with the beautiful person in his bed. "Good morning." He smirked as he reached out to smooth down the copper strands sticking out at every possible angle from Hux's head. "How did you sleep?" Hux was sure his hair needed smoothing, so he was grateful Lord Ren was doing it. And his hands felt nice on his head. "Much better," he said, yawning and stretching slightly. "What about you?" Ren watched as Hux shifted and stretched, appreciating the elegant way his body moved. Why did everything about him have to be so beautiful? "I slept well, though I'm still not really used to sharing a bed with someone else. But I'm not complaining." Hux was about to suggest that he could sleep on the floor or in a different room, but then he heard Lord Ren's last sentence and stopped himself, smiling instead. "Are you training today?" "I probably should. It would help to focus my mind, and I could certainly use the clarity to get through the day I have ahead of me. I'm feeling reluctant to get out of bed, though." Even aside from being reluctant to get up, he was slightly worried to leave Hux alone after what had happened yesterday. Any troublesome servants would surely be gone by now, but even so he worried Hux might not feel safe if he left him alone. Hux worried at his lip for a moment before just deciding to just ask. "If you wouldn't mind, my lord, I was taught some exercises. Mostly to keep me limber and in shape. I understand if you don't want me to go with you, I could do them in here if you prefer." Relief flooded Ren at Hux's request. It would easily solve his little dilemma to simply keep Hux close by. "Of course. You're more than welcome to come with me. My training facilities are plenty large enough to accommodate us both." He reached for his datapad to put in his breakfast request for the day, a pinch of dread forming in his gut at the sight of the flashing "new message" notification light. There were several resignation notices in his inbox, though not as many as he'd feared. He could order droids for fill in until he decided if he wanted to hire replacements. "I'll put in our breakfast order and we can go after we eat. I see no reason to get up before the food arrives, though." He quickly put in the order, then set the datapad aside again. Hux nodded gratefully. It would be easier for him to do his exercises on some kind of mat, and he definitely wouldn't mind watching Lord Ren training. "I agree," Hux said, leaning his head against Lord Ren's chest and listening to his heartbeat. Ren wrapped his arms around Hux's and sighed softly in contentment. He was worried about how Hux might be treated when they went to the gala, but he was glad that at least Hux seemed comfortable here with him. Whatever abuses Hux had suffered before being given to him, Ren hoped he could protect him from ever suffering them again. "Do you like living here? With me?" Hux let himself relax into Lord Ren's arms. "I do, my lord. You are very kind to me. Much kinder than any of my masters have been before." Ren didn't like to speculate about how Hux's previous masters had treated him, but he was glad to hear that Hux was happy in his care. He pulled Hux closer and brushed his hand over the light dusting of freckles on Hux's shoulder. "I'll see to it that you're never sold again. If you ever want it, or if you become unhappy with me, I'll gladly free you. But I'll never sell you to anyone else." Hux raised his head up from Lord Ren's chest to look at him in surprise. "Really? But... what about when you become unhappy with me, or tire of me." "I can't imagine ever tiring of you, darling. But if ever I decided I no longer wanted your company for some reason, I would still free you. I would ask you where you wanted to go, and do whatever needed to be done to see that you would have a happy life there apart from me." Ren stroked Hux's cheek with the backs of his fingers and met Hux's eyes earnestly. "Whenever you leave me, whatever the circumstances, your life will be your own and no one else's. I'll see to it." Lord Ren might say that now, but it was only the third day. Still, it was good to know he would be cared for when that day came. "Thank you, Lord Ren. Really. I was very lucky to be given to you." "I'm glad to offer you a comfortable place to live." Ren smiled and kissed Hux softly. A moment later servants arrived with breakfast, keeping their gaze respectfully averted from the bed as they arranged the food on the table and quickly departed. "Are you hungry, darling?" "You've given me much more than that, Lord Ren," Hux said, smiling and kissing him back. He wondered if his mother was still alive. The memories of her were pleasant, though there weren't many. She hadn't had the money to keep him, so she'd had to give him to his father. Then one day his father had stationed on a different military base and they'd had to move planets. He hadn't seen her after that. If he was free, and she was alive, he would like to live with her. Lord Ren could probably find her, he had the resources. But that would probably be too much for a slave to ask. He was snapped from his reverie by Lord Ren’s words. "Yes, I am." "Come on, then." Ren kissed Hux once more, then slid out of bed and shrugged into his robe. Kneeling on a plush pillow, he poured himself a cup of caf and started steeping a cup of the tea Hux had chosen the day before. He'd noticed Hux seemed lost in thought for a moment just before breakfast arrived. As he sipped his caf, he resolved to ask about it. Hopefully it wasn't anything too upsetting or personal, and he wouldn't mind sharing. Hux got out of bed as well, staying naked as he got up and knelt next to Lord Ren. Hopefully it wouldn't make Lord Ren uncomfortable now that they'd had sex twice. Ren smirked slightly when Hux sat next to him, still nude. "You really aren't cold? At all?" "Not really, my lord," Hux shrugged. "And the robe itches my skin. If it bothers you, I can put it on." "No, it's-... I want you to be comfortable. It's fine." Ren was starting to grow accustomed to Hux's preference for nudity, particularly now that they'd slept together, but the sight of him was still alluring. And now, with the clarity of the morning, thoughts of sex made him feel guilty all over again. As willing as Hux might be, he really shouldn't be sleeping with him. Of course, he wasn't sure how he was going to stop now that he'd started. He wouldn't do anyone any good brooding about it now, though. He had enough to worry about today already. Ren took a deep breath to clear his head and helped himself to the food. "What were you thinking about a moment ago? You seemed lost in thought... You don't have to answer of you don't want to, but I was curious." "Thank you," Hux said, starting to eat. "Oh," he said. "I was just thinking about my mother. She was kind to me, like you. I didn't know if she's even alive, though." "Oh," Ren stared at his plate thoughtfully for a moment. Ren had already decided it wouldn't be in anyone's best interest for him find Hux's father. He already harbored such an intense dislike for the man from what little he'd heard that he was sure any encounter he ever had with him wouldn't end well. For some reason he hadn’t considered Hux's mother, though. If she was alive, it would probably be good for both of them to be reunited. "Would you like to know what's become of her? I'm sure I could find her... if she's alive, I imagine she would like to see her son again." Hux bit his lip. "I... I would, my lord. But that's too much to ask from you." "Hux, you didn't ask it of me. I offered. And it would be my pleasure to do this for you. You deserve to reconnect with your family." Ren said sincerely. Knowing how important his own family was to him, he could hardly imagine how he would feel in Hux's situation. "I'll find her for you. You have my word on that." Hux wasn't sure whether to smile or cry. He settled for leaning forward and kissing Lord Ren deeply. "Thank you, my lord," he said, leaning back and looking at Lord Ren sincerely. "Now, I would very much like to give you a blowjob." That was the only way he knew to repay favors, and he wanted to show Lord Ren he was grateful. Ren was pleasantly surprised when Hux kissed him and gladly returned the kiss, but his eyes went wide at Hux's offer and a deep blush quickly crept up his neck and colored his cheeks. "I- Hux, that's- you don't have to do that. Really..." As much as Ren was sure he would enjoy what Hux was offering, he didn't want Hux to feel like he needed to repay him with sexual favors any time he did something nice for him. "I want to thank you," Hux insisted, rubbing gently at Lord Ren’s bulge through his robe. Ren sighed, not really sure if he was getting his point across, but that was getting to be familiar when discussing things like this with Hux. He guessed Hux probably felt the same way from his own perspective. "Would you enjoy doing that? Because that's important to me. I don't want you to force yourself to do anything with me that you don't enjoy." Hux really hadn't been asked if he enjoyed giving blow jobs before, so he had to think for a moment. "Well, I don't hate them. It's... I'm good at them, and I like doing things I'm good at. But you would enjoy it, and that's the most important thing. And you wouldn't be forcing me, I want to do it." Ren hesitated. Hux was very insistent that he wanted to give him a blowjob, and he was out of arguments against it. And he couldn't deny that he wanted it. "If you're certain you want to..." "I do," Hux said firmly, putting his hand back on Lord Ren’s bulge to rub it again. "Would you like this with me on my knees or on the bed?" Ren shuddered and bit back a moan and resisted the urge to press against Hux's hand. "Whichever is easiest for you. Would the bed be more comfortable?" Hux doubted that Lord Ren would be the type to fuck his face, so the bed would probably be better. "Yes, the bed would probably be best." He pulled back his hand and stood up. As suddenly eager as he was, Ren tried not to rush as he stood and made his way back to the bed and climbed in to sit against the headboard. "Is this good?" His heart was already beating quickly with excitement. "Perfect," Hux said, giving him a lusty gaze as he climbed onto the bed and crawled up to Lord Ren, opening his robe and leaning down to kiss his inner thigh. "You're perfect." "Stars..." Ren felt himself growing flushed again at Hux's sultry gaze and he spared a thought to marvel at how quickly and effortlessly Hux could turn him on. He wasn't sure if it had something to do with Hux's training as a pleasure slave, or if it was just something specific only to Hux that he was responding to, but he'd like to think it was the latter. He'd encountered other pleasure slaves before, but none of them had affected him the way Hux did. He hadn't desired them the way he did Hux. He was already rock hard by the time Hux crawled over the bed to him, and when he delayed to kiss his thigh it was exquisite torture. He pressed his palms flat against the bed to resist the urge to bury them in Hux's coppery hair and rush him to the task at hand. Hux could see that Lord Ren was already hard without him even doing anything, and he smiled to himself in his head. He liked it when he affected people like that. He licked a teasing stripe up Lord Ren’s cock. "Are you ready?" A soft moan escaped him at the teasing touch of Hux's tongue. "Gods yes, darling." Ren said, slightly breathless with how badly he wanted this. Hux wrapped his hand around the base of Lord Ren’s cock while he worked on the head, licking and sucking at the glans. His other hand reached down to cup Lord Ren’s balls. Ren cursed and clenched his hands in the bedsheets as he fought the urge to buck his hips up into the perfect, slick warmth of Hux's mouth. His eyes fluttered closed briefly as he focused on the sensation. "Gods, you're amazing." He said, panting softly. Kylo was big but Hux knew he could get him all the way down his throat without gagging, his gag reflex had been trained out of him. He slowly took Lord Ren into his mouth until his nose was touching his pubic hair. He started a steady rhythm in and out, his tongue flicking over his penis and his lips pressed together. His hands played with Lord Ren’s balls while he did this. Ren couldn't drag his eyes away, watching intently, mouth slightly agape in awe, as Hux took him entirely down his throat. He'd never had anyone manage to take his whole cock like that, and the sight of it alone was almost enough to make him come. "Kriff! H-Hux-" he gasped out raggedly, finally giving in to the urge to thread his fingers gently into Hux's silky hair as he felt his orgasm approaching too quickly, "Gods, I'm coming!" Hux flicked his eyes to look up at Lord Ren. He looked debauched. He nodded to show he understood, then took him all the way down his throat again in preparation. Ren gasped, then cried out sharply, letting his head fall back against the headboard as he came hard down Hux's throat. Hux swallowed, then pulled off of Lord Ren’s softening penis. "I take it that was good?" he asked, covering his smirk by wiping his mouth. Ren groaned and slumped back bonelessly against the headboard. "Kriff, that was amazing. I didn't even know that was possible." He panted softly as he came down from one of the most intense orgasms he'd ever experienced, suddenly wanting nothing more than to curl up with Hux and sleep for several more hours. Unfortunately, he didn't have time for such laziness today, though. He'd have to settle for a kiss. "Come here." He said with a gesture beckoning Hux closer. Hux smiled at the praise. He crawled up the bed next to Lord Ren. Ren wrapped his arms around Hux and pulled him down to lay against him, kissing him deeply and tasting traces of his own release on Hux's tongue. "What sort of fool could ever possibly grow tired of you?" Hux kissed Lord Ren back. "It's still early, my lord. Even the most interesting toys get boring after a while." Ren frowned slightly at Hux's response. "You aren't a toy, darling. You're a person. People can remain interesting for a lifetime." He reaches up to stroke Hux's cheek and kissed him again, softly. "Now... are you in need of my attention?" He said, shifting a bit to press his thigh against Hux's groin to see if he was hard. Hux shook his head. "I'm not a person, Lord Ren. I'm a slave." Hux wasn't hard. He didn't get any pleasure from giving blowjobs. "I'm all right, Lord Ren." "All right, then." Ren said. He was a bit disappointed not to be able to return the favor, but he certainly wasn't going to push if Hux wasn't interested. Instead, he simply kissed him again and moved to get up. "And anyway, slaves are people, no matter how much those who own them try to say otherwise. They just say that so they can pretend it's okay to treat them terribly." He got up reluctantly and offered Hux his hand to help him up as well. "My grandfather was born into slavery. Would you say he wasn't a person? And you were born a person. Why would you stop being a person just because someone decided they had the right to own you?" Hux took Lord Ren's hand and stood up. "Your grandfather was born a slave?" he asked, looking at Lord Ren with interest. He hadn't expected that from a royal. He frowned, but he didn't have a good argument for that. He didn't want to insult his grandfather, and he couldn't explain why he was born a person but wasn't now. It was just the way things were, but Lord Ren wouldn't see it that way. "Yes," Ren hesitated. He'd learned to be careful about revealing too much information about his grandfather. Ren himself had complicated opinions about him and the life he'd lived, but had seen some strong, negative reactions from people just at the mention of his name. He supposed details of his early life weren't commonly known, though, so they'd probably be safe to discuss. "My grandfather was a slave, and my grandmother was queen of Naboo. She and her companions visited his planet when he was a boy and made a wager for his freedom. Some years later they married." Ren went to the closet and retrieved two sets of his exercises clothes, his usual black for himself and a dark grey set he rarely wore for Hux. He handed Hux the set of clothes he'd selected for him, then quickly dressed and tied his hair back to keep it out of his face. Hux hadn't heard any stories like that. In most of the stories he'd heard about slaves being freed they hadn't known how to survive in the world. "A slave married a noble?" he asked in disbelief. He took the clothes Lord Ren handed him. He was glad they seemed to be inexpensive, in case he ruined them again. "Yes. Otherwise I wouldn't be standing here, darling." Ren smiled softly. "Maybe that knowledge will clarify some things. About my opinions on slaves, and how I feel you deserve to be treated…. I see you as no less of a person than I am." "Yes, that definitely clarifies some things," Hux said. "I still respectfully disagree, my lord. But we grew up with different ways of thinking." Ren nodded. "It's understandable. You're certainly welcome to disagree with me, but I still hope I might be able to change your mind, over time." He went back to the table and finished off his last sip of caf. "Are you ready to go?" Hux nodded. "Thank you for understanding, my lord. And I'm ready to go." "All right, then. I'll show you to the training facilities." Ren lead the way out through the palace to a well-equipped exercise facility. "I don't know what your preferred exercise entails, but there's a running track and cardio equipment there, weight machines and other muscle-targeting equipment there, and there are mats there if you want... is there anything specific you need?" Hux was a little overwhelmed by all the machines and equipment, but he didn't need any of that to work out, so he figured it would be best to just avoid them. "The only thing I really need is a mat," he said. "Okay. The floor in that area is soft, so it will probably serve your purposes, but there are additional mats in that corner if you need them." Ren said, gesturing to a wide, empty area of the floor. "I'll be over here," he gestured to a large, open area with training droids and drones off to one side. "You can let me know if you need anything or have any questions." Chapter 7 : Chapter 7 Ren retreated to the open area he'd indicated and reviewed the equipment, deciding where to start. At first he reached for a wooden practice saber, thinking he would work with the practice droids and set them to attack him but, he thought, he hadn't practiced with his actual saber in quite a long time. He decided to start with saber form drills first, with his actual saber for a change, and then he could activate the drones and practice blaster deflection. He picked up his saber from the bioscan-secured stand where he stored it and activated the deep indigo blade. Taking a deep breath, he reached out to center himself in the Force, then began the most elaborate saber form he knew. Hux nodded. "Thank you, my lord." He walked over to where Lord Ren had indicated. It was soft enough he wouldn't need a mat. He watched Lord Ren while he stretched. It was quite something to see. He had heard of lightsabers, but he hadn't actually seen anyone use one. Ren flowed through the most difficult forms he knew with ease, the connection with the kyber crystal in his blade making him feel more connected to the Force than usual as he moved. All else faded from his focus but the harmony of his blade with the Force. A sudden thought reminded him that Hux may be watching, along with a giddy hope that he might be impressed, but even this was distant and outside his focus at the moment. After he completed the final movement of his sixth form he decided to move on to his next exercise, and since his focus and connection to the Force seemed uncommonly strong, he decided to increase the challenge a bit. He retrieved a length of black fabric from an equipment storage panel, and once he activated the training drones, he tied it around his eyes. As a blindfold. He knew he had 30 seconds after activation before the drones began their attacks, and he took slow breaths to center himself, reaching out with his senses through the Force to feel the movements of each drone around him. Immediately when the allotted 30 seconds ended the barrage of low-level blaster fire began, each blast strong enough to sting sharply, but not to significantly injure. Ren deftly sensed and blocked bolt after bolt before they could connect. Hux went through his exercises, even though he was very distracted by Lord Ren. It was strangely elegant, what he did, almost like dancing. He was balancing on one leg with the other stretched behind him when he saw the drones start to fire on Lord Ren. And he was blindfolded! He almost fell, but caught himself as he watched intently. Lord Ren deflected the bolts with apparent ease. The drones were programmed to gradually increase the difficulty of their attack patterns and the frequency of their attacks the longer the exercise went on. Ren pushed himself to keep up, a sheen of sweat breaking out from the exertion. He sensed that he would miss a blast before he felt the sting of it on his left shoulder, and then on his right thigh before he could recover. Realizing he'd reached the peak of his skills for the day, he raised his right hand, freezing the drones and a scattering of their small blaster bolts in place. He held them there as he deactivated his saber and untied the blindfold, using the fabric to wipe the sweat from his brow. He stepped clear of the circle of drones, deactivating them and releasing their stray bolts to connect harmlessly with the wall. Looking up, he located Hux to see how he was faring in his exercises as he contemplated whether he should move on to something else or call it quits for the day. Hux forgot all about his exercises as he watched Lord Ren. He let out a little gasp when he saw one of the blaster bolts hit his shoulder, then another his thigh. He covered his mouth so he wouldn't distract him. He was glad of that, as after that Lord Ren froze blaster bolts in midair and he let out another gasp, this time impressed. He didn't know the Force could do that. When the blaster bolts had hit the wall, Hux ran up to Lord Ren. "My lord, you're injured!" he said worriedly. "Do you have bacta somewhere?" Ren startled slightly at Hux's concern. "Oh... no, it's okay, look." He turned to show Hux his bare shoulder, which had a red welt where the bolt had struck, but was otherwise uninjured. "See? It's nothing. They're just training drones; their blasters can't do any serious harm." "Oh," Hux said, calming when he saw the welt. "Would you like me to put some lotion on it at least?" "I wouldn't mind, but I'll need a shower first, I think." Ren said, still feeling a bit flattered that Hux had been so concerned for his wellbeing. "Are you through exercising for the day?" Hux nodded, raising an eyebrow. "Or I could lick the sweat off of you, my lord." "Yes, I’m done." Ren's eyes went wide and he blushed at Hux's suggestion, then he chuckled softly. "I don’t know. Did you enjoy watching me train that much, or is that just a suggestion to help me relax after a hard workout?" "I did enjoy watching you train. You were... amazing, my lord. But usually being licked clean is much better than showering." Ren grinned at Hux's praise. He hadn't allowed anyone to watch him train in a very long time, so he really wasn't sure what an outside viewer would think. "I see. Well... why don't we compromise? We could shower together." Ren hadn't ever tried bathing with a lover before, but it seemed like it could be a pleasant, intimate experience even if it didn't develop into sex. Hux considered that for a moment, then nodded. "Yes, we could do that." "All right. Come on, then. My own bathing facilities are better than the ones here." Ren said, smiling. He put his saber away and lead Hux back to his personal quarters. Back in his room, he quickly shed his sweat-soaked clothes, comfortable enough in front of Hux now not to be self-conscious and still warm enough after his exercise not to mind the chill. He went into the bathroom and started the water in his spacious shower to let it warm for a bit. "Have you bathed with partners before?" Hux followed Kylo back to his quarters, stripping as well. "You mean with masters. And yes, I have." Sometimes Kylo seemed to forget he was a slave, which wasn't a good thing for either of them. Ren nodded absently. "Right, of course. I wasn't sure if this was the sort of thing your previous masters would have asked you to do." He checked the temperature of the shower and stepped inside, leaving the glass door open for Hux. "I don't really know much of what things have been like for you with other masters, but I'm afraid to ask for many details. I doubt I'd like much of what I'd here." "Many things, but this is one of them," Hux said, stepping into the shower after Kylo. "Yes, like I said when we first met, my life hadn't been pleasant," he said. He grabbed the soap and poured some in his hand, starting to rub it on Lord Ren’s chest. Ren let out a pleased sigh, leaning slightly into Hux's touch. He poured some soap into his own hands and began to wash Hux in return, starting with his shoulders and working his way over his arms and chest. "I hope to change that. I want to give you a more pleasant life." "Believe me, my lord, you already have," Hux said, moving down to wash Lord Ren’s belly, feeling his taut muscles there. "I'm glad to hear it." Ren said, smiling softly. He could already see the benefits of showering with a partner, as he was enjoying the feel of Hux's hands on his skin. He ran his own hands over Hux's stomach and sides, appreciating his lean form and smooth skin. He hesitated a moment, reaching out to Hux's mind to gage his reaction as went lower, starting with Hux's hips and moving down and inward to wash his genitals, not specifically intending for his touch to be sexual, but not wanting to shy away from washing any part of Hux's body, either. It was still strange to have someone else's hands on his penis. It wasn't a bad strange, though. He paused in his washing before he got to Lord Ren’s penis. "Would you prefer to do this yourself, my lord?" he asked. "I don't mind, darling. But I'd just as gladly do it myself if you'd rather." Ren said, thinking he'd surely be able to control his libido long enough for Hux to wash him, if he chose to. In the meantime, he selected one of his favorite scented shampoos. It was one of the most expensive of his bath products, but he knew it would add a nice boost to the lustrous shine of Hux's coppery hair and that was definitely something he'd like to see. "I suppose we should wash our hair in turns. Let me know when you're ready, and I'll do yours." Hux chuckled. "I've had this in my ass and in my mouth. I'm definitely all right with washing it." He washes his genitals clinically, pretty sure that Kylo didn't want sex at that time. He nodded. "I'm ready when you are, my lord." He rinsed off his hands in the spray. Ren huffed a laugh in response to Hux's comment. "That's a fair point." He was pleasantly surprised, though, that for once Hux didn't seem to be trying to initiate sex. Tempting as it already was to be standing naked in the shower with their hands all over each other, he was sure he wouldn't have been able to resist if he did. But it was strangely pleasant in another way to be doing this. Once Hux said he was ready, Ren poured some of the fragrant shampoo into his palm. "Close your eyes, darling." He said, then he reached up to work the shampoo into Hux's hair, gently massaging his scalp as he did so. Then he carefully tilted Hux's head into the shower spray, running fingers through this hair to rinse it and, unable to resist, he leaned to finish with a soft kiss before releasing him. Hux closed his eyes, letting out a little hum of pleasure as Kylo massaged his scalp. He opened his eyes, smiling at the kiss. "Now it's your turn," he said, pouring some of the shampoo into his hands. "Right, of course." Ren said, smiling and wetting his hair thoroughly in the spray, then turning his back to Hux, thinking it might be a better angle to reach most of his hair. "Is this easier?" "Yes, this is easier," Hux said, reaching up and massaging the shampoo into Lord Ren’s hair. "All done." Ren honestly couldn't remember the last time someone else had washed his hair, and he couldn't deny it was a nice sensation. When Hux declared him done, he turned again to rinse his hair. "Thank you. That was pleasant." He said. He quickly washed his face and finished up before turning off the shower and grabbing a couple of plush, oversized towels, wrapping one around Hux before getting out to dry off. Grabbing a clean robe, he shrugged into it and took a seat in front of a large mirror and gestured for Hux to join him as he started in applying his various moisturizers and leave-in hair products. "Yes, it was pleasant, my lord," Hux said. He dried off with the towel, then got into his robe. He watched Lord Ren as he applied products to his hair. It seemed a lot of expensive products went into keeping his hair silky smooth, but he was royalty. Ren applied a moisturizer to his face, then smiled at Hux through the mirror and slid over a bit on the bench seat. "Come join me, darling. I have some things that would be nice in your hair. Truthfully Ren was starting to feel anxious again about the gala. They would need to leave for that soon, and he was going to have to try to at least outwardly appear dispassionate and uncaring about Hux while they were there. He wanted to take the opportunity to show Hux all the extra care that he could before then. Hux smiled back and sat down. "I hope it's not anything too expensive, my lord, I don't deserve that." "That's not for you to worry about. Anyway, it pleases me to use them on you. How could you argue with that?" Ren said, smirking as he selected products for Hux's hair. He'd lost track of how much most of them cost, but it wasn't as though expense would actually deter him from using them on Hux, anyway. Hux's hair didn't have much in the way of natural curl, so he ignored his various curl-related styling products in favor of something that would increase softness and shine. He rubbed a small amount of product between his palms, then worked it through Hux's damp hair. "To think, your hair is already so soft and shiny without any product at all... do you even use any moisturizers or anything on your face?" Hux chuckled at Lord Ren's logic. "I suppose you're right." He watched Lord Ren in the mirror as he applied something to his hair, smiling at the compliment. "Usually my masters don't want to waste expensive products on me." Ren's brows drew together and his nose wrinkled slightly in irritation as he selected a light moisturizer/sunscreen for Hux's face. "That's something I don't understand. Why do people spend so much money on slaves if they don't intend to take properly care of them? I was always taught to take care of my belongings. The condition on one's property is a reflection on themselves. Especially for rulers or leaders. If you take good care of your property, it shows that you can be trusted to care for the people under your authority as well. If you don't even take care of your own things, how are your people supposed to trust you to look after them?" He moved back in front of Hux and gently turned his face toward him so he could apply the moisturizer, carefully smoothing it into his skin. "If something belongs to me, then it represents me, and I take care of it as I would myself. But apparently most people who own slaves don't follow that philosophy. It's like a point of pride for them to spend their wealth purchasing people just so they can show off how horrible and cruel they can be. It's disgusting." He sighed heavily and looked away. "I'm really not looking forward having you attend this gala with me tomorrow. But if I don't bring you with me, I may as well not go at all." Hux closed his eyes as Lord Ren applied the moisturizer. "From what I've experienced, royals usually buy pretty or interesting slaves to show off. It's usually in private they... show their true natures. It is stressful being a royal, and slaves are good stress relief. It's usually the wealthy that don't have any responsibilities that are cruel in public and in private." "I will be fine, my lord, really," he said, trying to reassure him. "Are... are you going to lend me to others? Sometimes it's considered impolite if you don't." He hated being lent out, especially if there was more than one that wanted to try him at once. Ren bristled at the thought. "I will not. I'll make it very clear that no one is to touch you but me. I don't care if it's impolite." This was one area where he wouldn't compromise. If necessary, he wouldn't hesitate to use his abilities to dissuade attention from Hux. He finished applying products and gave Hux a soft peck on the lips. "There. You were already stunning, but now you'll be even more so." Hux nodded in relief. "That's good to know." He smiled. "Thank you, my lord." Ren smiled back. "You're welcome. Now, if you'd like you may tend to these grave blaster wounds I suffered during training today." He said, smirking as he pulled his robe down off his shoulder to expose the welt. Hux laughed, and found some lotion with soothing properties, rubbing it gently into the wound. "Now, wasn't there one on your leg as well?" Ren sighed contentedly as Hux's ministrations relieved the lingering sting of the mild injury. "Yes... here." He said, and pulled his robe aside to expose his right thigh which sported another red welt. Hux poured more lotion into his hands and rubbed the other welt. "Now would you like me to kiss it better, my lord?" he asked teasingly. Ren chuckled. "Well, you have demonstrated that your mouth has properties which defy any known science, but I don't think that will be necessary. Thanks to your efforts, I may yet survive." He stood and checked the chrono on the wall. They needed to board a transport within the next couple of hours, but his servants should have already prepared and loaded his luggage. There was still some time left to relax before he needed to dress and depart. "Come sit with me a while before we have to leave," he said, and went out into his room to lounge by the window. Hux laughed, a bright, genuine one. He couldn't really remember laughing before being owned by Lord Ren. He nodded, kneeling next to him. "Am I going to wear my outfit, my lord?" Ren smiled when he heard Hux's laugh, incredibly pleased to know he'd been the one to inspire it. Hux had a pleasant laugh, and Ren hoped he'd have more opportunities to hear it. "I would love for you to wear it. I'm sure you would put half of the guests to shame. Although... you're probably more familiar with these types of things than I am. What were slaves usually expected to wear to events you've attended in the past?" Hux smiled, then thought for a moment. "It depends on if you'd like to show off my appearance, or your wealth." Ren thought that over for a moment. "I'm assuming that if I want to show off my wealth I would dress you elaborately, but if I want to show off your appearance I would have you nearly naked. Am I correct?" Hux nodded. "Yes. And I don't mind either way, my lord." "I see... well. As beautiful as you are I'm sure your appearance will be noticed either way, but since I don't intend to let anyone else touch you I probably shouldn't encourage anyone by dressing you too provocatively. So I suppose I'll just have to display my wealth. I hope having you better dressed than most of the attending delegates will get the point across," Ren said after a moment of consideration. Hux nodded. "That makes sense, my lord." "That's settled then. I'll see that your outfit is among my luggage." Ren picked up his datapad to note some last-minute additions to his luggage, including the fine green robes he had given Hux. "We'll be sleeping on the transport tonight, but the gala begins in the morning. It'll be evening there by the time difference, though." Hux nodded. It would be nice to be dressed up in something nice. And he doubted there would be any risk of him forgetting his place at this gala. "I'll be on my best behavior, my lord." "I don't have any doubts about that, darling. You've been nothing but perfect so far." Ren said. He was much more concerned about his own behavior at this event than Hux's. As much progress as he'd made with controlling his emotions since he was young, he was well aware that his temper could still be a problem under certain circumstances. Having to sit idly by and witness other people, potentially including Hux, being mistreated was certainly going to test the limits of his self-control. He checked the chrono again and sighed. "I suppose we should get dressed, since it would be unseemly for us to leave the palace in pajamas." He said, and got up to select something appropriate but comfortable to wear for the trip. "Nobody is perfect, my lord, and I am most certainly not," Hux said. He nodded and stood up. "What should I wear, my lord?" "Very well. You aren't perfect. You simply exceed my every expectation." Ren said. He picked through his wardrobe, eyeing things which would suit Hux's coloring. "I have a few things you could choose from. Do you prefer robes, or something more like a shirt and trousers?" "You flatter me, my lord," Hux replied. “And… probably robes." "All right. Let's see. How about this?" Ren pulled out a long burgundy robe with wide sleeves which could be considered simple if not for the delicate silver embroidery around the collar, down the front, and around the hems of the sleeves. "I'm a bit broader than you, so it should be loose and comfortable." "That's beautiful, my lord," Hux said. "I like it. The color is nice." "If you like it, it's yours. The color suits you." Ren said, smiling and holding the sleeve up next to Hux's face. "It contrasts with your eyes and makes them stand out." Hux was about to protest, but he nodded. It would be good to have some more clothes to wear around the palace, and this didn't look too expensive. "Thank you, my lord." He put on the robes. "Beautiful. It looks better on you than it ever did on me." Ren said, glad that Hux hadn't protested the gift. He really needed to scan Hux's measurements and order him a wardrobe of his own, so he'd have things to wear that were properly tailored to fit him. He sorted through a mass of black clothing to select some things for himself and quickly dressed in a pair of closely tailored trousers and a loose tunic under an asymmetrical waistcoat and a heavy cloak, all of which were black with only a few silver embellishments. "What do you think? Do I look sufficiently respectable?" "You flatter me," Hux said, smiling at Lord Ren. "Very respectable," Hux said., looking him over appreciatively. "Would you mind if I started calling you master now? I want to get back into the habit so I don't mess up when we get there." "Thank you. If it meets your approval, then I'm satisfied." Ren said, enjoying Hux's appreciative gaze. He nodded, not liking it, but knowing it was probably a good idea. "Is there anything more appropriate I should call you?" "Try not to call me darling, that's not appropriate for a slave. Just my name or slave is all right, my-- Master." Ren nodded again, feeling an uncomfortable pinch of sadness just hearing Hux call him "master" again. "That won't be an easy adjustment, but I'll do my best." He collected his datapad and checked that everything he heeded would be loaded on the transport. "Looks like everything is ready. Come on then-" he caught himself before "darling" could roll off his tongue, but couldn't quite bring himself to correct it to "slave." He sighed quietly. "We should get to the transport. We'll be departing in just a few minutes. Follow me." He turned and lead the way toward the transport hangar. Hux nodded and followed Lord Ren. "And, Master, I'm sure you feel bad about this, but I don't want you to worry about me. I know you won't mean anything you do or say. You're much too kind for that. And I can take it, I'm sure I've been through much worse than anything they can throw at me." Ren smiled sadly at that. It was good to know Hux wouldn't hold whatever disasters awaited them at the gala against him, but he hated the reminder that Hux had suffered under his previous owners, and the thought of he might suffer again under his watch. "Thank you. I know you're strong enough to withstand this, but I still hate to put you through it. I'll be glad when it's all over." They boarded the transport, which was comfortable and luxurious. Ren took a seat as the pilot ran preflight checks and prepared to depart. As much as Ren would have preferred piloting himself he conceded the fact that for appearances he shouldn't do things himself that were typically considered servants' work, which unfortunately included piloting. Hux was sure that he would be glad when it was over as well. Even though it would give him the chance to see other slaves, and maybe even speak to them. He wouldn't get the chance while with Lord Ren. He looked around appreciatively at the transport, and knelt at Lord Ren's feet, resting his head on his lap. Ren petted Hux's hair as the transport took off, hoping that was an affectionate gesture that wouldn't be too out-of-place. He wanted to tell Hux he didn’t need to behave this way just yet, but he knew he needed to acclimate himself to this or he could never behave convincingly. "It will be some time yet before we arrive. There's a bedchamber through the door on the right. You can go lie down whenever you get tired or bored." Hux closed his eyes contentedly. He opened them when Lord Ren spoke. "A bedchamber? Would you like to have sex before we arrive? Or a blowjob? It will help you be more relaxed." "Oh-" Ren flushed slightly. Honestly, it would probably help him sleep, and he needed to be well rested to handle the negotiations. But he also knew he should be practicing the cold, distant façade he was going to need to maintain for this event, and he didn’t think he could do that during sex. "I don't know. Shouldn't I be practicing being cold and uncaring to you?" "Yes, that would probably be smart," Hux said thoughtfully. "You could practice while I gave you a blowjob. Or I could give you a massage." "I don't think I'd really be able to enjoy any sort of sex without being... affectionate." Ren said after a moment of consideration. He realized he'd already come to care for Hux too much to even pretend to be uncaring during anything physically intimate. Even now he just wanted to gather Hux close and kiss him. He was starting to realize that this trip might be even more difficult than he'd expected. "Maybe just a massage for now?" Hux didn't really understand that, but Lord Ren seemed to be a very affectionate person. "I can do that," he says, standing up. "Thank you," Ren said, and got up to lead the way into the bedchamber. He realized belatedly that thanking a slave was likely inappropriate, but at least he hadn't almost called Hux "darling" this time. The bedchamber was, of course, much smaller than his room in the palace, but still plush and comfortable with a large bed. Tall as he was, Ren always insisted on a large bed so he'd have plenty of room without any of his long limbs hanging off the edge. Keeping his back to Hux, he quickly undressed down to his trousers and climbed onto the bed, laying face-down as Hux had instructed him to do when he'd given him a massage that first night he'd been Ren's. Hux followed Kylo into the bedchamber. "Do you have any oils or lotion?" he asked. "Yes. In the bedside drawer." Ren said, making himself comfortable and trying to relax his tired muscles and trusting Hux to find the massage oils. The bedside drawer was well stocked with all manner of erotic necessities, since Ren had found that some of the functions he traveled to turned out to be good places to find temporary bed partners. So long as he was careful to avoid misunderstandings or incidents which could hinder any current or future negotiations he might be involved in. Though he wasn't above using amorous activities to tip negotiations in his favor if the situation warranted. Although he'd grown up well aware that his appearance didn't exactly have universal appeal, he'd been surprised to learn how many actually did find him alluring enough to favor him in negotiations in exchange for his attentions. Whether or not Hux could guess any of this based on the things he stocked in his transport's bedchamber, Ren supposed he need not be embarrassed. It wasn't as though Hux was likely to judge him for his sexual proclivities. Hux opened the drawer and rummaged for the oils. He was a little surprised by the contents in the drawer, but he supposed it was better to be well prepared. He found what he was looking for a poured them into his hands, climbing onto the bed between Lord Ren's legs and starting his massage with his neck muscles. Ren sighed and relaxed under Hux's skillful touch. "You're so good at this. I may never bother to hire a masseuse again." Hux smiled at the praise. "Well I was trained in this, so there's no real need to hire a masseuse." Ren hummed in pleasure. "Good to know. Yet another reason to keep you around." Hux slowly worked his way down Lord Ren’s body. When he was finished he put the oils away. "You were much less tense than the first time I did this." "Well. I've had some time to grow comfortable with you." Ren said. He turned over and stretched languidly as he watched Hux finish putting things away when a thought occurred to him. "Did any of your previous masters ever ask you to fuck them?" Hux was surprised by the question. "Uh, no. But I had a Mistress once, and I fucked her." "Yes, of course. Naturally..." Ren said with a snide huff. He wished he could say he was surprised to hear that, but he assumed the sorts of men who usually owned slaves were probably also the sorts who fancied themselves unerringly dominant. As if there might be something submissive about getting off in any way other than putting their cock in someone. "Well, your other masters obviously didn't know what they were missing." Hux tilted his head slightly. He wasn't sure if Lord Ren was disappointed in him or his former masters. He hadn't expected to hear that. "Are you the sort that enjoys that, Master?" "I do enjoy being fucked on occasion, though I rarely get the opportunity." Ren rolled onto his side to face Hux. "Most of my partners are attracted to me because of my physique, and they like the idea of being passive while I take control." "Well, I was trained in all kinds of pleasure, even though the emphasis was on receiving. If you want, I could fuck you." "Oh, really?" Ren grinned slightly and his cheeks flushed. "I think I'd like that. Though it doesn't necessarily need to be tonight." As much as he would enjoy having Hux fuck him, he knew he was becoming increasingly attached to Hux. That was worrisome in itself, but more so as he tried to distance himself in preparation for the gala. "Maybe when all this is over, and we're back home." "That sounds like a plan," Hux said. He got into bed with Lord Ren. Ren wrapped his arms around Hux and pulled him closer, pretending that perhaps he only did so for the warmth Hux's body heat provided. "We'll be arriving in a few hours. I should try to sleep." He wasn't really sure if he could sleep, but hoped the comfortable warmth combined with the soft hum of the transport's engines might lull him to sleep if he could just keep his thoughts quiet. Hux let out a little contented hum as Lord Ren held him. He closed his eyes and managed to fall asleep after about a half an hour. Ren held Hux close and listened to his breathing as it evened out into sleep. Eventually he managed to doze off as well. Chapter 8 : Chapter 8 A few hours later the transport arrived, and an alarm went off to wake them with some time to spare to prepare for the gala. Ren reluctantly awoke and sat up, not at all pleased to be awake, and dreading the day ahead. Ren suppressed a groan as he reached for his datapad and signaled for the servants who had accompanied them to prepare breakfast, then reached to gently wake Hux. “It’s time. We need to get dressed.” Hux opened his eyes, blinking wearily for a moment. He sat up and yawned. "Would you like to shower first, Master? Or we could shower together if it's big enough." Ren considered for a moment. “It’s probably big enough to shower together, but you’re very distracting. It would probably be faster to shower separately. If you’d like you can help yourself to breakfast while I shower, and I’ll eat while you shower, and then we can help each other dress for then event. How does that sound?” Hux chuckled. "Yes, I can eat while you shower." Ren smiled. “All right. I’ll be quick.” He kissed Hux softly then went to shower, and servants brought in breakfast shortly after he left. He did his best to be fast as he showered and applied conditioning products to his hair, wanting to be quick but knowing he needed to look his best for this event. But he had a tendency to take far too long in the shower, and he wanted to be sure Hux had plenty of time not to rush. As soon as he finished, he emerged wrapped in a fresh, warm house robe and seated himself to pour a cup of caf. “Your turn.” He checked the chrono on his datapad, pleased to see he’d been faster than usual. “Take your time. We’re still well ahead of schedule.” Hux smiled at the kiss. He went over and looked at the selection, choosing a tea and starting it steeping while he ate. He looked up when Lord Ren emerged, finishing up his food and tea and standing up. "All right, Master." He took a shower, washing his hair and body and then getting out, drying his hair and body. "If I talked to you in my head, would you be able to hear it?" Hux asked, walking over to Lord Ren. Ren took his time to pick out his clothing and accessories as he ate his breakfast and sipped his caf. By the time Hux emerged from the shower, he was just finishing up. He looked up at Hux’s question. “Yes. I should be able to hear it. I don’t know for sure if I would be able to communicate back, though. If you aren’t Force sensitive, you may not be able to hear me. Some non-sensitives can, but they usually have a deep connection with the Force user communicating with them.” Hux nodded. "Well that might be a way for me to reassure you I'm all right." He didn't want Lord Ren stepping in for him if something happened that he thought Hux couldn't handle. That might ruin his negotiations. “I would appreciate that. And you could also tell me if you need something to stop. There are a lot of ways that I could step in, even if just subtly, if you find something unpleasant.” Ren laid his chosen clothing out on the bed, along with the green silken robe he’d given Hux. “We should get dressed. Would you like me to assist you in putting on your robe?” Hux nodded, but he wouldn't let Lord Ren know unless it was something really awful. He smiled. "I'm all right, Master. And I'm the one that's supposed to be saying that to you. So would you like me to assist you in putting on your robe?" Ren smiled back. “No, thank you. I think I’ll manage with it. Though I may ask for your help with my hair when I get to that.” He shed his robe and went about dressing in ornate, asymmetrical layers of black clothing with platinum accents, then sat in front of the vanity mirror with a variety of cosmetics and jeweled accessories. “Is hair dressing anything you’re trained in? I don’t need anything terribly ornate, my hair isn’t really long enough for that, but it does become exhausting to do it myself without being able to see what I’m doing.” Hux put on the green robe slowly and carefully. He didn't want to damage anything this fine. "It's not something I was trained in, that's usually the job of a household slave or servant. But my mistress had me do her hair, so I can do a decent job." He stepped behind Lord Ren. "Would you like your hair up or down?" “Up, I think. Simple braids or a bun, or something like that. With these.” Ren picked up a set of platinum hair clips set with glittering blood red jewels and handed them to Hux. “Would it be appropriate for you to wear jewels? I have some things that would go well with that robe.” Hux nodded. "I could do that." He set down the hair clips and grabbed a brush, brushing Lord Ren's hair out. "Hmm. If it was something inexpensive, that should be all right." Ren chuckled “I don’t believe I have any inexpensive jewels. Maybe I’ll have to save your jewels for another occasion, then. One where you’ll be attending as my companion rather than my slave.” Hux considered for a moment, then decided on doing a bun. He had liked the way Lord Ren looked with that before. He put his hair up in an elegant bun, then put the two clips on either side of it. "All done," he said, holding up a hand mirror so Lord Ren could see in the back. "Tell me what you think. I can redo it if you don't like it." Ren checked the hairstyle Hux had given him and smiled. “This will do perfectly, thank you. I’ll be just a few more minutes and I’ll be ready to go.” Now that his hair was back out of his face, Ren applied cosmetics. He went with a translucent powder to make his face pale and diminish the moles on his face a bit rather than the opaque white that was traditional for Naboo royalty. After all, this was in homage to his heritage, not direct imitation. He painted the Scar of Remembrance on his lower lip in a dark grey that was just a touch lighter than black and with a hint of metallic shimmer and forwent the twin spots of “Balance” and “Symmetry.” He brushed in charcoal colored makeup around his eyes and nearly down to the crest of his cheekbones. Hopefully the heavy makeup would serve to make him look stoic and intimidating as well as helping to disguise his expressions should he be unable to keep distress or anger from his face at some of the things he might witness. His makeup finished, he stood and placed his intricate circlet on his head, then shrugged a heavy cloak of fine fabric with silver trim and embellishments over his shoulders. “There. What do you think?” Hux combed and smoothed his hair down, then watched Lord Ren apply his makeup through the mirror. It was quite something to watch. "You look amazing, Master," he said in slight awe. "I could almost not recognize you." Ren smirked. “Thank you. That should work in my favor in several ways. It helps to disguise my age somewhat. People at these events are often much older than I am and inclined to ignore me for my youth, thinking me inexperienced and naïve. Really, most of them are fools who think their age has made them wise.” He approached Hux and reached up to touch his cheek delicately. “You, of course, look lovely. I’ll be proud to be seen with you. Although, there’s one last thing…” Ren’s mouth quirked slightly in distaste as he withdrew a long, thin silver chain and attached one end to the collar around Hux’s neck. “As much as I dislike this, I don’t want anyone questioning that you’re mine and that they’d best keep their hands off of you. And I want to keep you close, if I can. But you can always tell me if you’d rather not be at my side for a moment.” Hux smiled at the compliment. "Thank you, my lord." He nodded. "I understand, my lord. It doesn't bother me. But... I probably will be touched. Just so you are aware. They wouldn't do more than a pet or little grab without asking you for permission. But it doesn't bother me. And I'm sure I'll want to stay by your side, that will definitely be the safest place." Ren nodded his understanding and reached up to stroke Hux's hair, being careful not to dishevel it. "I'll do my best to keep you safe, darling," he murmured. He kissed Hux softly and brushed away the slight smudge of makeup he left on Hux's lower lip with his thumb, then stepped away. "Come on, then. Let's get this over with." Schooling his features and turning with purpose, he led the way off the transport and into the gala venue. "Try not to call me that when we're out there," Hux said softly. He nodded and walked just behind Lord Ren, keeping his head down as he walked. Ren gave his name to the door person, who then announced his entrance to the event as he entered the main hall. He could sense Hux's presence just behind him without having to look back at him continuously, but he kept a tight grip on the chain nonetheless. Scanning the crowd, Ren was pleased to see that he and Hux were among the best dressed at the event. That meant those in charge would surely take notice of him and hopefully his flagrant display of wealth would make them eager to negotiate with him. It seemed almost everyone in the room was accompanied by a slave, which was enough to make Ren uncomfortable even aside from the manner in which many of the slaves were being treated. He resisted the urge to curl his lip in disgust when he noticed one man with a young Twi'lek slave whom he had made to crawl on the floor and sit at his feet like a dog. Ren wanted nothing more than to assault the man and steal the poor girl away to safety, but that wasn't why he was here right now. Unfortunately, negotiations for the kyber crystals were more important at the moment, so Ren averted his gaze and made his way further into the crowd to mingle. Hux gave little nods to the slaves he passed and received one in return. Even though they couldn’t really say anything there was a solidarity between them. They had been through the same things, and they were the same status. There were a few brushes as he walked through the room, but people usually didn't get really grabby until after they had had some alcohol. And now that he wasn't dressed as scantily he probably wouldn't attract the eye as much, in a sexual way. Ren moved through the crowd exchanging cordial greetings with the other guests and managing to keep a polite smile on his face even though he cringed inwardly at some of the individuals who greeted him. After all, he'd had plenty of practice at this, though the company wasn't usually quite this contemptible. He accepted a glass of champagne from a passing server for appearances, but didn't drink. He needed to keep his mind clear for this. Ren reached out his awareness to brush the minds of those around him, sensing their intentions and trying to steer Hux away from any with ill or lecherous thoughts. Ahead he could see the host of the event; someone he recognized from his past attempts at dealings with this planet. The last time they'd met, he'd scoffed at Ren as a powerless charlatan simply because he hadn't owned a slave. Perhaps he would take him more seriously now that he had Hux. Ren pretended to sip his champagne as he approached the host, a disgusting, sagging lump of a man. Odds were good that he was the one Ren needed to impress for these negotiations to go well. "This is quite an event you've put together, Lord Siln. You have my compliments." Siln turned to look Ren over with a critical eye before his face split into a smug grin. "Lord Wen, isn't it? I didn't expect to see you. A pleasure, of course. And I see you've brought a... friend?" Ren smiled thinly, sensing that Siln had gotten his name wrong intentionally and suspected that Hux was a servant he'd brought along, play acting as a slave. "It's 'Ren,' actually. And this one is no friend, it belongs to me." Ren winced inwardly at speaking of Hux as if he were a thing rather than a person, but he needed to be convincing. He tugged the chain slightly to draw Hux forward and gripped his jaw, gently but with the appearance of carelessness for Hux’s comfort, turning his face as if for Siln's inspection. "My favorite one, anyway, with its rare coloring. Isn't it fetching?" As much as he hoped Siln would be impressed with Hux, he also hoped he wouldn't take too much interest in him. It would take careful manipulation of Siln's mind to make it appear to others that he had simply changed his mind should he want to touch or "borrow" Hux. Hux stepped forward until he was just in front of Lord Ren so the other man could inspect him. He kept his eyes down, but when his chin was lifted he looked at the man in front of him. He felt bad for his slave, he was a disgusting man 'He looks like he needs pins to hold his skin up,' he tried to project into Lord Ren's mind. Ren picked up Hux's projected thought and smirked, barely suppressing a laugh. He tried to project his own amusement and approval at the comment in return, hoping Hux might pick up at least a hint of it. Siln eyes Hux appreciatively and stepped closer. Ren could sense that he was interested in Hux and planning to put his disgusting hands on Hux, which Ren couldn't bear the thought of even if it was just to better inspect Hux. Preemptively, he leaned closer and brought the Force wrap around Siln's mind as he pitched his voice just so to keep it from being heard by anyone other than the three of them. "He's a stunning specimen, but I'm sure you much prefer your own slaves," he said, focusing his will for Siln to leave Hux be into the words. Siln's eyes glazed over briefly before he stepped back again. "He's a stunning specimen, but I much prefer my own slaves." Hux caught a little of Lord Ren's amusement at his words. He blinked in surprise when Lord Siln just... did as Lord Ren said. It must have been the Force, but Hux hadn't thought that was possible. Ren smiled in relief that Siln had been so easy to manipulate. He would still have to be careful, though, lest anyone catch him in any further attempts. "Thank you, Lord Siln. He is a very unique specimen. But you and I are very different men, so I'm sure we have very different tastes." He tugged the chain again to indicate that Hux should resume his position behind him, hoping that would be the end of any attention directed at Hux. "Speaking of valuable possessions, I hear you've come into possession of some rather desirable exports recently." Siln grinned smugly. "Indeed, Lord Wen. But the evening is young, and I have so many festivities planned. It's important to me that my guests enjoy themselves before we bore ourselves with business matters." Ren gave a slightly pained smile. "It's 'Ren,' sir," he corrected again. "And of course. It wouldn't do to distract ourselves from your doubtlessly well planned event with trade negotiations, I'm sure." Siln barked an ugly laugh, clearly amused at his continued insistence to call Ren by the wrong name. "I quite agree, my lord. Relax and enjoy yourself. I'm sure you'll be pleased with the amusements I have planned." Ren continued to force a smile, already frustrated to have negotiations delayed. He sorely doubted he would enjoy anything Siln had planned. Hux obeyed the tug on his leash and stood just behind Lord Ren again, his eyes down but listening to their conversation. This man must be important, or think he was important, to talk to Lord Ren that way. Ren continued to make painful small talk with Siln and the other guests while they progressively downed more and more champagne. After a time, Siln called for the guests to seat themselves at large dining tables as servers began to bring out food and even more champagne. Ren made sure he was seated near Siln in case he could be persuaded to discuss negotiations over dinner. Whatever festivities Siln had planned to entertain during dinner, he hoped they wouldn't be too terribly offensive. The slaves knelt at the sides of their masters. Sometimes there would be cushions if they would be kneeling for long periods of time, but this time there were blocks of sandpaper. Hux lifted his robe so he wouldn't ruin it, then knelt. He heard one slave pleading quietly but there was a loud smacking noise and they stopped complaining. 'This is all right, these are used in training to teach us not to fidget when we kneel. It's not so bad if you don't move too much,' he projected to assure Lord Ren he was all right. Ren pretended to take a sip from his drink to hide the distress on his face. He tried to project his concern to Hux along with a stream of conscious thought. 'Please be careful, my darling, I'll not let these people harm you, love, I can't allow it.' He wasn't sure if Hux could pick up any of what he sent. He hoped he caught a sense of it, though if he could hear the exact thoughts he projected that might be a concern. It was much harder to filter out affection from thought than from speech, and Hux probably shouldn't know how deeply Ren had already come to care for him. At least not until Ren had more time to fully acknowledge it himself. Chapter 9 To distract himself from his inner turmoil, as well as his distress at the treatment of Hux and the other slaves, he struck up some bland conversation about the food and tried to subtly steer the now mildly inebriated Siln's attention toward negotiations for the kyber crystals. The sandpaper was definitely uncomfortable, and Hux's knees got rubbed a few times when he couldn't help but shift his weight. Siln had arranged for scantily clad dancers to perform during dinner, which Ren feigned interest in while he continued trying to chat with Siln. Ren resisted the urge to reach out to Hux and stroke his hair in reassurance as dinner dragged on. Just as he thought he was making progress leading the discussion to negotiations, Siln dismissed the dancers and called for dessert and more drink. Eventually, dessert was finished and Ren sighed with relief that Hux and the other slaves would surely be allowed to get up now. He stood with the other guests and resisted the urge to help Hux up as well as servers cleared away the remains of dinner and moved the tables aside. Ren hoped that negotiations might begin in earnest now, but somehow he doubted it. Hux watched the dancers, since there wasn't anything else to do. He internally winced when Lord Siln called for drink. This was when the guests would start to get more handsy. He stood up with a slight wince when dinner was over. His knees were torn but not bleeding, but his robes covered them so Lord Ren wouldn't worry, which was a good thing. Several of the guests were quite drunk by this point. That would render them easier to manipulate with his abilities, but he could sense that some of them were considering the slaves around them with lustful intent, and that made him nervous to let his attention drift too far from Hux. This evening was dragging on longer than he liked. He decided to take a more direct approach now. Surely Siln was drunk enough now that subtlety would be lost on him by now, anyway. "Lord Siln, I really must insist we discuss your trade interests for the kyber crystals you possess. This evening is wearing on, and I can't let the matter go undiscussed." Siln scowled petulantly for a moment, as if Ren were spoiling his fun. "Very well, Wen, if you're going to be so insistent. But I do not conduct business in front of slaves. If you want to do this, we'll discuss it privately and you'll leave your pretty little slave here, understood?" Ren hesitated, afraid of what might happen if he let Hux out of his sight among these drunken revelers who probably saw him as a party favor. He glanced at Hux briefly, wondering if he could send him back to the transport where he'd be safe, but he knew that likely wouldn't be appropriate. He projected his distress and concern to Hux, unsure what to do. Siln smirked. "Don't worry. We'll carry out our negation there." He indicated a balcony with a conference table above, overlooking the open room they were currently in. "You'll be able to keep an eye on your slave. I wouldn't ask you to let your valuable property leave your sight." Hux frowned slightly when he heard that he was going to be left alone. Without his Master there, people would probably go farther than they would with him there. And they were all drunk, this would be not very fun for him. He could get through it, though. He almost wished Lord Ren wouldn't be able to see him. He didn't want him to interrupt his negotiations just because he was being groped. 'I'll be all right. You only need to interfere if they drag me off. They won't do anything too awful in public,’ he projected. Ren nodded to Siln when he heard Hux's reassurance that he would be okay. He projected a surge of emotion in return: his worry for Hux, mingled inseparably with deep affection, and his distrust of the situation and the people here. 'Be careful, my darling' he projected desperately as he detached the chain from Hux's collar, then turned to follow Siln, no longer bothering to mask his irritation. "Very well. I'll abide by your rules here. Lead the way, sir." Siln grinned, clearly enjoying Ren's irritation, then led the way up to the balcony followed by Ren and a few other guests in attendance for trade negotiations, leaving their slaves unattended amongst the other intoxicated party goers. Once they arrived at the balcony, Ren made sure to take a seat with a clear view of Hux and the happenings on the lower level. It was quickly obvious that none of the others were remotely concerned for what might happen to their slaves. One pair seated near Ren were even placing bets with one another regarding which of the unattended slaves would gain the most attention and how they were likely to behave without their masters there to protect or instruct them like this was some sort of grotesque sporting event. Ren struggled to maintain an appearance of impassive boredom as he overheard one of them wager that "the pretty one in green" would garner plenty of attention, but that he was probably pampered and spoiled by his master and would panic and cry at the first one to get handsy with him. Worried as he already was, the wagering and theorizing over how likely Hux was to be molested wasn't helping Ren's state of mind. He did his best to mentally block out this chatter as Siln finally opened the trade discussion, but he still kept a careful watch on Hux from his vantage point above. Hux picked up on a bit of the affection Lord Ren was sending toward him, and 'careful, darling.' He nodded, watching Lord Ren and some others leave with Lord Siln, leaving their slaves behind. They huddled together nervously, but Hux knew that a large group of unattended slaves would draw attention, so he walked away from them and to the wall, away from most of the drunks. He leaned against it, and he could see Lord Ren was on the balcony now. It took about ten minutes before he was noticed against the wall by two men. They stood in front of him, leering, obviously drunk. "Where's your Master?" one of them asked. "In the balcony," Hux said, pointing. "He ordered me to wait here until he gets back." They looked over their shoulders, then turned back to Hux. "Ah. So he's one of the ones here for business." They pulled Hux away from the wall, turned him around, and one squeezed his ass. "This one's got a nice ass! Shame it's covered up." The other one pulled up his robe enough so they could both see his ass, and they laughed. "Definitely nice," the other one said, squeezing it. Hux kept his face impassive the whole time. "We might have to borrow you," the first one said, letting his robe drop. "My master doesn't like sharing," Hux said firmly. "He's very possessive of me." "Too bad," the first one said, giving him a slap on the ass as they walked off. Hux took his spot on the wall again, glad they hadn't gone farther. Ren noticed the two men approaching Hux and his gut clenched with dread. The pair of gamblers noticed as well and then murmured to one another, sounding impressed at Hux's composure as he was roughly manhandled and groped by the two men, then the gambler who had bet Hux would cry passed small bag of valuables to the other, having lost that bet. A hot spike of anger surged through Ren and before he could make an effort to control it, the lights flickered in the balcony and the bulbs in nearest fixture burst, showering bits of glass on the floor. The group in the balcony all startled and gasped, Ren feigning his own reaction right along with the others. They all muttered over what might have caused it as Siln yelled for servants to clean the mess. "It could be the kyber crystals. They can interfere with energy flow when they're moved and stored together in large quantities. They can even be volatile and dangerous if stored improperly," Ren said, only partially lying and using a nudge from the Force to make his words more convincing as he tried to make the kyber crystals seem more dangerous than they actually were. If he could use his lapse in control to his advantage here, he certainly would. "My family has a long history with kyber crystals, so I would know better than most how delicate they can be and how best to handle them." While the others muttered about whether the kyber crystals would be worth the potential danger of possessing them, Ren looked back down to check on Hux. If he was lucky maybe he could close the negotiations quickly, and as soon as he did they could leave this horrible place. Hux was approached by a few more men, one not human, who leered and groped at him. The worst was a man who stuck three of his fingers down Hux’s throat, who seemed delighted to see he didn't have a gag reflex. He kept his fingers down his throat for too long and Hux started to choke, thinking he was going to pass out before the man finally removed his fingers and Hux took big gasps of air, his face red and some drool running down his face. He wiped it off, still keeping his face mostly impassive. He hoped Lord Ren would be done soon. Ren watched helplessly as Hux was groped and assaulted by several more guests, utterly disgusted and horrified for Hux at what he saw. He felt slightly ill and angry at himself for bringing Hux here and putting him in this position. Struggling to maintain his composure now, he did what he could to speed negotiations along, offering valuables from his own planet and the planets annexed by him in exchange for exclusive trading rights for the kyber crystals. It was a fair trade, more than fair in Ren’s opinion, as he was feeling more inclined to mobilize his fleet and take the crystals by force with each passing minute. Finally, Siln agreed. As soon as the contract was formalized and signed, Ren swept out of the room and down the stairs back to the mail hall. Siln leaned over the balcony to shout after Ren. “Surely you won’t leave early, lord Wen! There are more festivities yet to come!” Ren stopped in his tracks and turned a murderous glare on Siln. He knew hatred was a dangerous emotion for a Force-sensitive, but at that moment he couldn’t help but hate not only Siln, but every other guest at this gods-forsaken gala with every fiber of his being. It was all he could do just to contain his power as he stood there seething. “So help me, Siln, if you call me by the wrong name one more time, you’ll regret it. Our negotiations are finished, and I’ve no desire to linger. You’ll hear from my people tomorrow regarding the exchange of goods. Good evening.” The last words were muttered through clenched teeth, then he turned and stalked toward Hux. He barked a short command for Hux to follow as he stalked out of the venue to his transport. Hux could tell Kylo was angry, and he tried to make himself small as he stalked toward him. It looked like the negotiations hadn't gone in his favor. Hux hoped it wasn't his fault, but even if it wasn't it wouldn't be uncommon for Hux to get punished for it anyway. He flinched slightly when Kylo barked at him and kept his eyes down as he hurried after him. As soon as they arrived back on the transport, Ren ordered the pilot to depart immediately and told the servants to leave him alone unless he called for them. Once the servants scurried out of sight, Ren swung his arm in a broad gesture, letting his anger out in a burst of Force energy that shattered the senseless decorative items sitting around the room. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d been so angry but the outburst seemed to help, the release of energy bleeding some of the rage out of him. Breathing deeply, he tried to focus and calm himself. “Gods, those people are repulsive!” he growled. He only narrowly restrained himself from throwing his circlet across the room, instead he removed it with shaking hands and slammed it down on the table. Hux stood in a corner shaking slightly. He just hoped Lord Ren would forget about him until he had calmed down. A vase next to Hux shattered when Lord Ren waved his arm, and Hux let out a little noise of pain as a piece of it embedded itself in his leg. Ren’s attention snapped to Hux when he heard the sound of pain, and suddenly all the anger drained out him, replaced with shame and horror like ice in his veins when he saw what he’d done. “Hux… stars, I’m sorry, darling, I’m so sorry. Please,” he hurried to kneel next to Hux to examine the injury, but hesitated to touch him. Guilt and shame tightened his throat, rendering his voice hoarse. Looking at the tear in the robe and blood starting to seep into the fine fabric, he thought he might cry when he realized that not only had he hurt Hux, but he’d ruined his robe as well. Hux had so liked the robe and been so proud to wear it. “Gods, darling, I’m sorry. Please let me help you. I-I’ll get the first aid supplies. I have bacta. Please-” He stumbled back to his feet and rummaged through a cabinet for medical supplies. Ren hadn't lost control and accidentally hurt someone like this since he was a child. He'd thrown a tantrum and broken another child's arm with his abilities. He remembered how the other children had been so afraid of him after that, and he worried it might be the same with Hux. After he found the supplies he needed he cautiously approached Hux again, Hux might be afraid to have him near. He dragged a chair over with him and pushed it close to Hux. "Please sit, darling. If you want. Please, I want to help." Hux was mostly against the wall, but he stepped back as much as he could when Lord Ren hurried over to kneel beside him. He was saying something, but there was a strange ringing in his ears and he couldn't hear it. Hux watched him warily as he rummaged for something in the cabinet, the ringing in his ears lessening so he could hear again. He forced himself to sit down, even though it made his body tense. He looked down at the wound to distract himself from Lord Ren being so close. He frowned when he saw he had ruined the robe. He loved that robe, and it was another thing of Lord Ren's he had ruined. Ren knelt next to Hux again and skimmed the surface of his thoughts, but found nothing encouraging there. Hux was obviously frightened, and Ren mentally cursed himself for making him feel that way. He'd been so worried and angry about how the guests at that horrible party treated Hux, and then he'd done this to him himself. It was so much worse because, whereas he was sure Hux expected those other people to abuse him, he thought maybe Hux had begun to trust Ren not to harm him. He hated himself for betraying that trust. His eyes began to sting and blur. Maybe he was going to cry after all. That was something else he hadn't done in a long time. He set the medical supplies on the floor but still he hesitated to touch Hux, afraid that he might flinch away from him and aggravate the injury. He swallowed down the lump in his throat before speaking and tried to keep his voice calm and level. "May I touch you? I swear I don't want to harm you. I only-... I want to fix what I've done. I'm so sorry. I won't do anything until you tell me it's okay." Hux looked at Lord Ren silently for a few minutes. He would rather Lord Ren didn't touch him, but that didn't matter. He dropped his gaze to the ground. "You can do whatever you like, Master." Hux's tone sounded flat and resigned, and it hurt to hear. Aside from that, Ren could sense that Hux didn't want him to touch him. Hux didn't want him anywhere near him. Ren turned his face away and blinked back tears. "You don't want me to." He said, his voice pained, then he stood slowly and backed away a few steps. "I'll just... the medical supplies are there by your chair. I can help if you want me to. I want to help, but-" his voice wavered and he had to pause to compose himself before he continued. "I won't do anything you don't ask me to do. I'm going to wash my face. I'll hear if you call for me. Or I can get... one of the servants can help if you're uncomfortable with me." He quickly retreated to the bedchamber and into the washroom, unable to keep himself composed any longer. He'd never hated himself so much as he did right then. Hux would probably never trust him again, and why should he? Ren couldn't hold back his tears any more, and he quickly scrubbed them along with his makeup. By the time he finished washing his face it was pink and irritated from scrubbing too hard, and his eyes were red and puffy from crying. He looked a mess, and it was made all the worse by the contrast of his styled and neatly bound hair. He couldn't make himself take his hair down, though. Hux had done it for him, and he could bring himself to undo his work. He undressed from all his fine things, tossing them carelessly in the corner of the washroom, and wrapped himself in his house robe. He was afraid to go back out to check on Hux again, but he wasn't sure if that was for his own sake or Hux's. It would be irresponsible to just leave him alone for too long when he was injured, though, so Ren gathered his strength and padded quietly back out to where he'd left Hux. Hux just kept looking at the floor and the blood from his wound as Lord Ren spoke. He hadn't thought that Lord Ren would hurt him. But he should have known that no matter how nice he pretended to be, he was still his Master. He was still sitting in the same spot, looking at the ground when Ren emerged. He needed the pain, it reminded him not to trust anyone. "Hux, you're still bleeding!" Ren was near panic when he saw that Hux hadn't moved since he'd left him. He wanted to run to him, but was afraid of frightening Hux further, so he approached slowly and knelt again in front of Hux. "Darling, please, I can't..." Ren bit back a sob as his eyes teared up again. "I never meant to hurt you, it was an accident. That doesn't make it okay, but- please let me try take care of you." He hastily wiped his tears away and tried to calm himself, only partially successfully. "Darling, look at me, please... tell me what you would have me do." Hux forced himself to look at Lord Ren. His face looked awful, all red and blotchy. "You can do whatever you want, Master," he replied dully. Ren's heart sank at Hux's response and he nodded solemnly, fresh tears rolling down his cheeks as he accepted that whatever might have been between them that morning was destroyed now. He'd ruined it. He still needed to care for Hux's wound, though. From what little he'd seen, a shard of ceramic was still embedded in Hux's leg and it was going to hurt to remove it. If he was going to hurt Hux any further, he'd rather he not be conscious for it. "I'm going to make you sleep. Your wound will be dressed when you wake." He said, his voice flat with despair. He waved a hand in front of Hux's eyes, using his powers to render Hux unconscious. Once Hux slumped in his seat, Ren lifted the robe up to expose the wound. He carefully removed the shard, cleaned out the wound and applied a bacta patch before dressing it in clean bandages. While he was at it, he looked at the abrasions on Hux's knees from kneeling on the sandpaper earlier. They didn’t look terrible, but he was sure they would still be painful, so he applied some anesthetic healing cream to Hux's knees. He knew his trick to knock Hux out wouldn't last much longer, as he hadn’t put too much strength behind it, so he used his abilities to assist him in getting Hux undressed from the damaged robe and wrapping him in a fresh house robe. He then carried Hux into the bedchamber and settled him carefully into bed, pulling the covers over him. He turned the lights down, and went back out into the main passenger sitting room. Hux would either regain consciousness or settle into natural sleep soon. Ren hoped it would be the latter, because Hux surely needed it. The trip back home would be several more hours yet, so Ren took the time to contact his staff at home with his datapad and have them arrange guest quarters for Hux. He also put in an order with his favorite tailor for a full wardrobe for Hux, to be delivered the next day, if possible. He would keep his word to Hux. If he wanted to leave, he would free him and send him wherever he wanted to go. He could take everything Ren gave him with him and start a new life. He spent some more time working on his datapad, ordering things for Hux and starting research to find Hux's mother as he'd promised, but eventually his despair and exhaustion caught up with him and he fell asleep slumped over the sitting room table.