Act I The child sleeping in the bassinet is small and pink, with a tuft of light hair on the top of his head, which may one day become red or orange. Though his eyes are closed, if he were to open them they would be a cold steel blue much the same as those of his father’s. He’s almost the spitting image of the man in every way, very little of his mother evident in his face other than perhaps in his ears and nose. Perhaps that’s why he earned his father’s name where his older brother had not. Staring down at the tiny form of his baby brother, six year-old Armitage Hux tries to feel some sort of hatred for the small baby that has taken away what little of his father’s attention that Armitage manages to have. Instead he feels protective for the small baby; he’s a big brother now and it’s going to be his job to keep Brendol safe from harm. Pushing himself onto the tips of his toes, Armitage reaches up to put his hand over the edge of the bassinet to touch his little brother’s soft cheek, smiling as the baby makes a content sound and one of his little hands wraps around Armitage’s index finger. It’s the only bit of love Armitage has ever experienced at the hands of anyone in this family and it makes him feel fiercely protective of his baby brother. “Don’t worry Bren; your big brother is always going to do what he can to keep you safe.” It’s a promise that Armitage is going to keep close to his heart, there has never been anyone to chase away his own bullies but he isn’t going to let that happen to his little brother. The doors to the room swing open suddenly and Armitage pulls his hand away guiltily turning quickly to look up into the face of his father’s angry wife. “What are you doing in here you little bastard!?” Armitage fights back a cry as Maratelle grabs his arm harshly and pulls him roughly out of the baby’s room. “You stay away from here or so help me your father’s disapproval and wrath will be the least of your worries.” Throwing Armitage to the floor Maratelle shoots a final glare his way before turning around and slamming the door’s to the baby’s room shut behind her, not long after Armitage hears the sound of his little brother crying unhappily. Rubbing at his sore arm, Armitage remains outside the rooms for a little while longer as he listens to Maratelle trying to quiet Brendol down. She doesn’t seem to be doing a good job at all, which doesn’t surprise Armitage at all because she’s been a lousy stepmother to him for as long as he can remember. Armitage is certain that he’d do a much better job calming his baby brother down. Pouting Armitage kicks his little feet as he makes his way back to his own rooms on the other end of the building, and goes back to studying like his father would want him to. If Maratelle is going to tattle on him to his father, Armitage is going to at least have something that might impress him to try and take the sting out of whatever punishment his father is going to deliver. He’s just completing his studies for the next month when the door to his room bangs open and his father storms in. It takes all of Armitage’s effort not to follow his first instinct and to curl up to try to make himself a smaller target. Even if he did, it wouldn’t make any difference, it would just make his father angrier, calling Armitage a coward. “What’s this I hear about you in your brother’s room boy!?” Brendol Hux is a tall and imposing man only just starting to grey around his temples. “What were you doing in there? Trying to kill your brother were you?!” “No!” Armitage stands straight and looks up at his father defiant for the first time in his young life. “I love him! I want to keep him safe!” His father back hands him with ease sending him crumpling to the floor with a cry of pain. “Don’t lie to me; I know what you’re like! You’re weak and useless but you have my brains, it’s the only thing you inherited from me. You’re trying to eliminate the competition early.” Head reeling from the blow, Armitage fights back tears and glares down at the floor of his room. “I’m not! Please Father I just want to be allowed to see Bren!” He chokes back a gasp as his father grabs him by the neck and pulls him up so that his feet are dangling just above the floor. “You will refer to me as Commandant or Sir boy, how many times do I have to tell you!?” Armitage’s teeth rattle his head as his father gives him a hard shake. “And you will stay away from Brendol Junior, am I understood?” “Y-yes S-Sir.” Armitage manages to gasp out feeling suddenly light headed and seeing stars, he’s no longer able to hold back the tears in his eyes and doesn’t resist as he father drops him to the floor. There’s a flash of his pain in his left wrist as he lands wrong on it but Armitage bites his lip to try and keep any further noise from escaping and aggravating his father. Brendol looks down at him with such loathing in his eyes that Armitage wants nothing more than to curl up and disappear. “You stay on this side of the estate unless you’re sent for boy; from now on you’ll take your meals in here as well. I don’t want to see your worthless face unless I have to.” Resigned, Armitage dips his head and nods. “Yes Sir.” “Good.” It isn’t until the man is gone that Armitage crawls into his bed and curls up into a small ball of misery to silently cry himself to sleep. He’s young but not naïve enough to think that things will get better for him, he’s always known his father resents his existence and that Maratelle hates him. The only kindness he’s ever known is from the kitchen staff. Not for the first time Armitage wishes they were his real family instead of the Commandant and Maratelle. - It’s Bren’s fourth birthday and Armitage is peaking over the top rung of the rail to see the party going on down below on the first floor. There are lots of people laughing, dancing and just having fun. Armitage wants nothing more than to be down there having fun too but the Commandant had commanded him to remain in his room, Armitage is already breaking the rules just by being out here. He can’t help but feel bitter as he watches the merrymaking; he just turned ten and didn’t receive any sort of birthday. Instead the Commandant had given a new set of lessons to focus on, ones that Armitage didn’t really understand; they weren’t the lessons he was used to, instead they focused on family care and being an obedient partner. “What are you doing up here all alone little mite?” The voice is unfamiliar and Armitage whips around in alarm to look at the tall dark haired man standing near him. He looks younger than the Commandant, but Armitage recognizes the uniform of a high ranking member of the Empire. “I didn’t know the old Commandant had two sons. You’ve got the same eyes as him, but you don’t look anything like Maratelle.” Armitage tries to appear smaller, to look like he’s not a threat, he doesn’t like the way the man is looking at him. “I’m not her son. . . I’d never share blood with that woman!” He’s angry at Maratelle, hates her for not letting him see his little brother or join the party, she’s as much the reason he can’t go as the Commandant. Still he knows it’s the wrong thing to have said the moment the words leave his mouth, the look of delight on the officer’s face can’t mean anything good. “A bastard are you? I didn’t know the Commandant had one, poor Maratelle, must be hard on her living with her husband’s bastard in the same house.” He takes a step toward Armitage, it’s too overly casual and Armitage quickly takes several steps back. “Don’t worry mite, I won’t hurt you.” Shaking his head Armitage keeps backing up. “I have to go back to my room; I shouldn’t be out here at all.” His back hits the wall and there’s nowhere else for him to go and the man is still advancing toward him. “Please just let me go to bed.” The man shakes his head, trapping Armitage and boxing his little body against the wall. “I just want to talk mite we can be friends, then you can tell me all about your home life and your father. Maybe even a few of his dark little secrets.” Armitage wants to scream for help but he’s thinking of the Commandant, of his father, calling him weak and useless. He has to get out of this by himself if he wants to prove himself worthy in his father’s eyes. What little physical training he has comes into play as Armitage stomps on the man’s foot and then kneeing the man in his crotch. Armitage has very little weight on him but he’s tall for his age, which he uses to his advantage to try and target as many of the weak spots on the man before twisting to get away from him. His lack of physical strength comes into play when the man easily recovers and grabs Armitage’s foot sending him crashing to the floor with a cry as he bangs his elbow hard. The ankle being held stings horribly and Armitage wonders if it’s not sprained now. “Let me go!” Fighting didn’t work; he’s frail and useless just like the Commandant has always claimed. He’s weak and he is a coward but he isn’t going to let himself be used against his father. “Help!” He barely gets a second call for help out before the man has yanked him back toward him and suddenly he can’t breathe because there are two large hands wrapped around his throat squeezing it easily. Armitage tries to defend himself, to get the man to release him, by scratching desperately at his face, especially his eyes, but it seems to have little effect. Already the edges of Armitage’s vision are beginning to blacken and he’s on the verge of passing out when he hears an enraged roar and feels the man suddenly torn off of him. Briefly he catches sight of his father’s enraged face before everything goes black. Much later, once Armitage has recovered, he is beaten and punished for daring to disobey his father’s orders and for allowing himself to be cornered by a gutter rat such as the man who had attacked him. Still Armitage can’t help but hold tight to the thought that his father had actually come for him and saved him when he could have just as easily allowed Armitage to be killed and then dealt with the man who had attacked him afterward. - Armitage is fifteen and his nine-year old brother Bren is in his room, laying on his bed while Armitage tries to finish some of the work Commandant Hux has assigned him. While Armitage hasn’t been allowed to go to school in years, he’s kept up on his studies and Commandant Hux has been kind enough to give him something useful to do in his free time. His lessons in governing a household and family care have continued along with basic lessons in maths and language, but when he’s pleased the Commandant he occasionally gets school work that involved engineering problems, which Armitage is particularly fond of. The current assignment involves improving upon the plans of both Death Stars. Armitage thinks the exercise is pointless in some ways; part of the reason for the failure of both Death Stars lay in their construction as much as pure luck on the part of the Rebel Alliance, but he won’t turn down the chance to exercise his brain with something new. Regardless of how droll the assignment having access to the plans for the Death Stars is a reward in itself. He’d finished the actual assignment some time ago and had instead begun to plot his own idea of what a true planet destroying creation could look. His first decision had been to build his machine from an existing structure, in this case a moon or a small planet perhaps. Why build an entire machine in space and waste tons of building material and energy when one could simply hollow out an existing celestial body? “Apparently we’re supposed to have a really important guest for dinner tonight Ari. This means we’ll be getting served tasty food for ounce!” Bren says excitedly, bouncing on the bed. The amount of time the two of them spend together was rare, both the Commandant and Maratelle do not approve, but Bren seems intent on trying to disobey their orders as much as possible. Whenever the chance arises Armitage often finds himself with company in his decrepit corner of the Commandant’s mansion. It still surprises Armitage that Bren wants anything to do with him, especially after the glowing character references the boy’s parents must have given him. Still, Armitage enjoys Bren’s company whenever he is granted it. It’s nice to have someone to talk to that has no ulterior motives and seems to genuinely enjoy his company. “I’m sure that you will enjoy it then.” Armitage replies absently, trying to consider the ramifications of using the energy of a sun to increase the attack power of his hypothetical death planet. He hears Bren moving but doesn’t pay attention, at least not until the boy pops up right beside him. “Ari you’re not paying attention to me! Also you’re expected to go too; Father said that our important guest wants to meet all of the family.” He quiets down as he looks over what Armitage is working on. “That looks really cool Ari! Is it like the Death Star?” The comment about being required for dinner catches Armitage’s attention and he lowers the datapad he is working on to look over at his brother incredulously. He doesn’t answer Bren’s questions about what he’s working on, focused instead on what the boy had just told him. “The Commandant wishes for me to attend? I wasn’t informed of this.” “I’m telling you now, also Mother was supposed to come by at some point to tell you but she hasn’t yet.” Bren looks over at the door nervously knowing that he’ll get in trouble if he’s caught spending time around Armitage; even more so they both know it’s Armitage who will bear the brunt of said punishment. “I should go before she comes. I’ll see you at dinner Ari!” Armitage waves to his brother as the boy leaves and spends the next two hours wondering why he may be invited to dinner. Usually a droid delivers a basic nutrient enriched meal to his rooms; enough to keep him alive and healthy but not particularly tasty. Certainly nothing close to what he knows the family eats, although Bren sometimes sneaks dessert or snacks up to him. He still hasn’t puzzled out a logical reason when Maratelle finally sweeps into his room to inform him coldly about being required to attend dinner in his best clothes. This of course doesn’t mean much as Armitage only has one suit suitable for someone considered an honoured guest and it is made to look like the dress uniforms of the Commandant’s Academy but is a dark grey instead of black. “Yes Ma’am.” As much as Armitage wishes to sass Maratelle he knows that the consequences of doing so will not be worth the momentary joy it will bring him. Maratelle looks upon him with disdain as she speaks with him. “You will be at the dinner table at eighteen hundred and you will not speak to our guest unless directly spoken to.” “Oh course Ma’am.” It’s not as though this is that new of an occurrence, he’s very rarely allowed to speak to anyone important unless he’s given permission to. There are times he wonders why he remains here, but Armitage is not naïve enough to think that he would ever make it far in the outside world. He has very little knowledge of the world aside from his books, and he is aware that they are skewed in favour of the Empire. He also has few skills that would be useful in order to earning enough credits to survive, added the fact that at fifteen many would still consider him a child and would likely not employ him. Not to mention he is the son of an Imperial officer. None of these really matter in the face of the larger reason he will never successfully get away from this house and that is the Commandant. Armitage has no doubts that the Commandant has people watching his every move and if he were to try and escape he would quickly be dragged back and punished severely for trying to leave. At this time it is safer for him to accept his lot in life. Sighing softly to himself Armitage goes and takes a sonic before dressing; he’ll need to look his most presentable tonight. Afterward he dons his military like suit and brushes his hair back to try and look more respectable and stern. Unfortunately the dark grey makes him look even paler than usual, causing his eyes to look over large and too blue. It doesn’t please him but there’s little he can do about it short of cosmetics which he doesn’t own. Adopting a neutral expression he makes his way out of his room and into the dinning room using a smaller side door, there are two large doors to the front of the room that are used for guests and the non-shunned part of the family. The dinning room is usually reserved only for these types of special occasions. Bren is already sitting in his spot to the Commandant’s left and Maratelle is at her seat to the Commandant’s right. Armitage will sit to Bren’s left with their guest at the head of the table. Neither the Commandant nor their special guest is present yet when Armitage takes his seat, nodding with forced politeness to Maratelle. Beside him Bren is fidgeting with excitement; either he hasn’t lost his sense of curiosity and wonder or it hasn’t been beaten out of him as it was Armitage. Somehow Armitage is sure it’s the later, not that he holds that against Bren given how his brother is the only person in this house who is willing to speak to him. The sound of the large main doors opening draws the attention of the three gathered at the table and they all stand as the Commandant enters the room with a tall robed figure beside him. The two are speaking in quiet tones before the conversation breaks off as the Commandant shows their guest to his seat before taking his own. “Mister Snoke; I would like to introduce my family; my wife Maratelle and my sons Brendol Junior and Armitage.” The Commandant says in a crisp cool tone, it doesn’t escape anyone’s notice that Armitage is introduced last despite being the elder son. “Mister Snoke has recently expressed interest in becoming a significant financial backer and partner to the First Order.” “Welcome to our home Mister Snoke, we are honoured to host you here.” Maratelle says with a small curtsy. “I hope that we can make your stay enjoyable.” Snoke pulls down the head of his robe revealing a pale and scared head belonging to a man that appears ancient and frail. Despite his looks however, there is something about him that has Armitage’s skin crawling and his mind telling him to run because this man is dangerous. For the briefest of moment’s Snoke turns to Armitage with a satisfied look before his attention is focused on Maratelle, thanking her for her hospitality. There’s a few more pleasantries exchanged before dinner is served with the actual meal being relatively quiet. It isn’t until after dinner when Bren has been sent off to bed and the Commandant had them move into his drawing room that any sort of discussion about Snoke’s roll in regards to the First Order is revealed. Armitage isn’t certain as to why he has been ordered to join them; he is usually never allowed to hear any of what the Commandant considers ‘Order business.’ Considering how boring it is turning out to be, Armitage doesn’t regret not being allowed to be present during such meetings. “And of course there is the last matter to attend to,” the Commandant is saying, a glass of brandy held in his one hand. “To thank you for your interest in the Order a gift as we discussed. I’m sure that Armitage will serve you well in whatever way you see fit.” The world drops out from under Armitage’s feet at the Commandant’s words, turning he stares at the man in disbelief. “W-what? Father?” The Commandant says nothing to him, instead Snoke lifts up one frail hand and make’s a small gesture; against his will Armitage feels himself walking forward to kneel at Snoke’s side, unable to even flinch as Snoke reaches out to thread his claw like fingers through Armitage’s hair. “Yes, he will do wonderfully. This is a most appropriate gift to seal our partnership; especially when I will be funding your Stormtrooper program.” The two men continue to speak, acting as though Armitage isn’t present even though Snoke continues to card his fingers through Armitage’s hair as though he were a pet to be stroked. Deep inside himself Armitage screams but no sound comes out; he’s trapped in whatever hold Snoke has on him completely helpless as his world ends.