* There is a storm brewing in the distance. For now, it’s almost quiet, nothing but a whisper of danger carried by the wind, a restless echo of thunder travelling across the desert. The sky is still clear, but the scattered clouds on the horizon begin to blend together. Soon the grains of sand will start to shift and dance beneath Rey’s feet. Soon there will be sand in her nostrils, in her mouth, underneath her eyelids. There is no use thinking about this. There is no use thinking about the salvaged parts in the sack she is dragging behind her, some of which will be damaged in the storm. There is no use thinking about the time she will need to spend cleaning them, trying to coax the stubborn sand out. There is no use hoping for rain, either. Even if it comes, it will be acrid, and it will do more harm than good. Besides, it tastes just as bitter as the sand does. There is no point in any of it, but Rey still finds herself thinking about a storm of a different kind. It’s a memory, she knows. Sometimes, though, when she looks at the dirty sand, stretching in every direction all the way to the horizon, she thinks it might as well be a dream. Her feet are small in the dream, small and clean, so small they would fit in the palm of Rey’s hand, now that she no longer is a child. There is no sand in the dream, only rocks — silver, smooth, and slippery. There is water, though, flowing freely around her ankles, and while Rey doesn’t kneel to taste it, she knows it would have no taste at all. There is a storm in the dream, too, and Rey watches it approach, watches the droplets of water crash against the surface of the lake, shattering the mirrorlike reflection of the sky. A curtain of rain and darkness is closing around Rey like a heavy cloak, but she is not afraid. Nature means her no harm. The force of the storm feels like electricity on her skin, but even in the dream Rey knows that there is a bright sky above the clouds, that the sun continues to shine. She waits for the rain to touch her skin — — but the rain never comes. This is where the dream — the memory — always comes to an end. There is nothing else. Rey takes a small breath. Then she exhales. Her heart beats in a steady rhythm and the wind singing in her ears is a reliable companion. She tightens her hold on the sack, wipes the sweat away, and takes another step forward. Strange how she can already taste the sand in the back of her throat. * Notes: thank you for reading! ♥