"I'm not expecting to grow flowers in a desert, But I can live and breathe and see the sun in wintertime" ------------------------- Even though it had been more than twenty-four hours since Ren had been released (of his own volition) from med bay, the antiseptic, sickly sweet smell of bacta still clings to his skin, a shroud to remind him of his near failure on the planet only just left behind in hyperspace. Ren’s propensity toward overly critical self-analysis, which has him examining over and over again how Hux came to be dragging him into an abandoned shuttle for safety, wars with what had happened afterward. It actually seems more like a dream, an illusion of his fractured state while in the bacta tank, and even now, he’s not quite sure it was real. Hux. There is no way that Hux kissed him. Or professed such vulnerable feelings as love. Surely not for Ren. He reaches Hux’s door, casts out with his senses just enough to feel the edge of the sharp blade of consciousness that is Hux. He pulls back, knowing Hux always feels him, and doesn’t always appreciate it. Ren reaches out and presses the call button beside the durasteel plates that separate them, even though he could wrench them apart with a thought. He waits. When the door opens Hux turns to him with a look that he cannot decipher. Though the general is off duty he wears his uniform. It’s oddly relieving. Though he has vague recollections of Hux hovering in the medbay, at no time after they returned to the ship did he ever let his appearance slip. If everything else has somehow changed he has this constant to cling to. “Ren,” Hux says after a moment. A half-smile flits across his face before disappearing. “I’m glad to see you up and about. Please come in.” He gestures vaguely with a gloved hand and Ren notices that though the quarters are not much larger than his own the sparse decor is aesthetically pleasing and the seats look comfortable. “Sit with me a moment,” he adds, as though noticing Ren’s glance over at the small couch against one wall. “I suppose you need to be briefed.” So , Ren thinks, it’s down to business . It had all been a dream after all. He moves toward the seat Hux indicates and sinks into it, staring at his hands against the polished, spotless surface. He scratches his wrist, anxiety and bacta both making him itch. And cold. He is blasted cold all the time, and can’t seem to shake it. “Did we lose many?” he asks. His eyes flit to Hux, looking for some sign of disapproval or disappointment. Those things, Ren understands. To his mild surprise Hux looks pleased. “Thanks to you we managed to contain our losses after the initial strike. After you were incapacitated we did suffer some losses but my men fought commendably.” Hux seats himself next to Ren and leans forward as though imparting some secret. “You did well. You know that, don’t you?” For one startling moment he lifts a hand and moves as though to place it over Ren’s but seems to think better of it and sets it on his own thigh instead. “Before we get down to business though, I suppose we should address what happened. Don’t you?” There is a moment where the air between them is charged, like static between Hux’s hand and Ren’s, but then the universe seems to reorder itself, like Hux is wrenching its fabric back into place. Ren watches him with overmuch attention as Hux places his hand on his own knee, fingers bowed from pressing into his own flesh. They are like the fingers of memory, tugging at Ren, trying to pull him back to that hollowed out shuttle. For a moment, Ren can smell smoke on the air, and the copper tang of blood. He feels Hux watching him, waiting for a response. We should discuss what happened. “Yes,” Ren says, thinking he means the mission he’d botched with his less than adequate intelligence prior. “I should not have been in a hurry. I was impatient. Next time I will meditate more deeply on what we face before you commit to action.” His voice sounds rote, mechanical, even to his own ears. Ren realizes it’s not much different than the tone he uses to speak to the Supreme Leader. The silence between them lingers just long enough that Ren begins to fidget and then Hux meets his eyes again. “You don’t remember what happened after we took shelter together?” His voice doesn’t exactly waver but there’s an air of uncertainty that undercuts his words. As though he’s not quite sure he remembers himself. Or maybe he’s pleading with Ren to remember because he doesn’t want to supply the details. Ren cocks his head slightly. Hux is projecting the vision clearly between them now, and it startles Ren with its realism and attention to detail. He’s seeing himself through Hux’s eyes, blood-smeared and wild, and he feels the residual effects of that kiss on a surge of endorphins through his own system. “You kissed me,” he says, voice full of wonder. It was real. His hand twitches on the table, wanting to reach out and fist itself again in Hux’s uniform like he had that day, and tug him close, and recreate that moment. “ You kissed me ,” Hux corrects him. But there’s nothing in his voice but relief. The general folds his hands and then separates them as though he cannot figure out where to put them. “Not that it was unwelcome. I may have been a bit… verbose… at the time. But you were in such a state I thought--” He frowns in a way that makes Ren suspect the memory causes him pain. “I thought you were going to die. So now you know. When they whisked you away to the medbay I still thought somehow I might lose you and I was not myself. While you were healing I had time to consider what passed between us and I do not regret or deny my actions. I do not take my words back, Ren. I simply need to know if time has given you a different perspective on what happened.” Flooded with relief, Ren finds himself momentarily giddy. “You sound like you’re reading a report,” he teases, biting his lip against a smile that only Ben Solo had ever worn. The thought makes it slip, quickly. Before Hux can respond to that beyond the brief burst of irritation in his feedback and the way his cheeks pink just slightly, Ren hurries on. “I don’t have an alternative perspective, no. Should I?” “I’m giving you an out, Ren. Don’t you understand?” Without warning the general reaches out and places his hand over Ren’s. Though the soft leather of the glove prevents any real connection the touch electrifies him just the same. “I don’t know how to do whatever it is that needs to be done now. And I don’t know if this admission will burden you or distract you from your duties to the Supreme Leader. Perhaps you deserve someone force-adept like yourself. Or perhaps you think better of your actions in the light of reflection. It would still be possible to continue our working relationship as though this never occurred.” Hux removes his hand from Ren’s, reluctance plain on his face. “I suppose it is rather selfish of me but I have thought of little besides touching you again to bring myself comfort.” His gaze drops at the admission. Ren chases Hux’s hand with his own when the general tries to pull it away, but he stops with his own hand still resting on the corner of the table while Hux’s returns to his lap. Ren is still muddle-minded from the half-sleep of the bacta tank, and Hux’s words are so unexpected, so full of foreign concepts, that he can barely process them. “Hux…” he says. “I don’t want out. I don’t want another … I don’t want it not to have occurred.” He wants to comfort Hux, sensing his discomfort clearly man to man, without the aid of the Force. It shows on Hux’s face, is outlined in the stiff set of his shoulders. “I should meditate,” he adds, meaning that he needs to reorder his scattered thoughts and make a place in them for Hux, and only Hux. A secret place, hidden from his Master, who does not tolerate the attachments of Kylo Ren’s basest self. Hux only nods, an audible swallow clicking in his throat before he casts a softer look in Ren’s direction. He removes his gloves and places them neatly on the table before them, revealing slender fingers, pale in the harsh cabin light. “People do this, don’t they? We can do this…” He sounds almost angry at himself as he reaches for Ren’s hand again. This time the heat from his palm sends a jolt of pleasure through Ren’s body, as though this connection of the flesh has recharged him in a way he didn’t know he needed. Hux squeezes a little and lets his eyes shut for a moment. We can do this . Ren wonders what Hux means. Hold hands? Forge some form of human connection that offers comfort to them both? Kylo Ren has no real experience with that, and he doesn’t allow himself to focus on the memories of Ben Solo. He leaves his hand in Hux’s grip, curling his own fingers over Hux’s cool, dry palm. Ren’s heartbeat is loud in his own ears, and he feels that he should say something, but he doesn’t know what. Then Hux withdraws his hand, almost abruptly, and with a sigh, it’s back to business, delivering the mundane briefing that Ren only half hears. When he leaves Hux’s quarters later that evening the General looks as though he wants to say something more than “Goodnight,” but silence accompanies Ren as he heads for the door. ------------------------- Even for officers of noteworthy rank the luxuries are scarce. They’re at war, after all. And Hux prefers not to set himself too far above those he commands. So it’s with some hesitation that he procures a few delicacies for the otherwise simple meal he’s invited Ren to share with him. They haven’t spoken much since the briefing. Hux doesn’t know if this state of affairs is normal or not-- with Ren who can tell? Nor does he have any idea how to tread on this new landscape before him. He knows what he wants in the immediate-- someone to comfort and confide in and to offer the same in exchange. Sex would also be agreeable, to put it mildly. Lately it’s on his mind all the time. It’s the getting there that daunts him. He puts aside his uniform for one of the two civilian outfits he owns. It’s a bit old fashioned but the tunic and trousers are made of high quality fabric and edged with a bit of silver that shimmers in the dim lighting. His father would have called it frivolous. In secret he thinks the muted blues and cream colored accents in the tunic do more for his features than the polished black of military dress. Two place settings adorn the compact table. He won’t quite admit to himself that he purchased the set in hopes of having some time alone with Ren, even before the battle that brought them together. For a moment he considers putting on some music but quashes the impulse with a flush of embarrassment. It would be too much-- too cloying and sentimental. The food is ready to eat when Ren arrives and Hux ushers him while trying to keep his expression neutral. If by some grace the knight doesn’t notice his trembling fingers surely his heartbeat is too loud to escape detection. Ren had been given few details about what Hux had in mind for the evening, and both had been delivered in the form of decrees. Wear something casual and don’t eat beforehand. Ren had imagined any number of things, but an intimate dinner, just the two of them, had not been among his considerations. Even now, some nondescript crew member is putting the final touches on the serving before shuffling out of the room, not meeting Ren’s eyes. Ren is less interested in the food than he is in Hux’s version of “something casual.” He’s never seen the habitually severe general out of his uniform, and he’s quite frankly mesmerized by the transformation. The soft blue fabric of his tunic accentuates the narrow shoulders so often hidden beneath his greatcoat, open at the throat to expose a fine sweep of collarbone. The way Hux’s hair is free from its typical styling product makes him look years younger, and coupled with his momentarily irresolute expression, he’s quite the alluring Academy cadet. Except he’s not wearing shoes. Ren can’t help being immediately distracted by how curiously perfect his feet are. “Thank you for being prompt,” Hux offers, frowning a little at the way Ren stares at his bare feet. He prefers to be comfortable in his quarters. If the knight doesn’t like that he’ll simply have to get used to it. “Dinner is on the table. I hope you like Brualki brisket. I suppose you may have dined on it before.” He internally curses himself for the assumption. Though popular on Coruscant, the dish is rare enough outside the core worlds and drawing such attention to Kylo Ren’s upbringing might be the evening’s biggest misstep, shutting down any trust between them. He winces at the mistake and then pulls out a chair for Ren. “Please,” he says, asking him to sit but also, in some small way, for forgiveness. Ren sees the momentary discomfort that flits across Hux’s features when he alludes to Ren’s past. Ren is truthfully too distracted by this unexpected experience to pursue any indignation, and so he takes the proffered seat. Hux sinks down into the chair across from him and busies himself with pouring from a bottle of wine, resolutely not looking at Ren, who stares openly at him. “Did you have something you wanted to discuss?” Ren asks in a cautious tone, thinking perhaps this is some attempt at celebrating a promotion or an advance in their cause that Ren has yet to be made aware of. Hux hands the glass of wine to Ren and then pours for himself, shaking his head. “Not particularly. I just wanted your company. Do you think I get out of uniform for just anyone?” He ducks his head a little and lets out of a huff of a laugh, realizing what he’s just said. “I mean this… ritual… is important, isn’t it? Human psychology demands it. But I enjoy it too.” The wine is sharp and refreshing on his tongue as he takes a sip, congratulating himself on securing such a pleasant vintage. “I suppose this is a good way to show you that I can, erm, take care of you.” He uses the serving fork to slide a slice of the brisket onto Ren’s plate and then serves himself, cutting the meat as he waits for Ren’s response. Ren’s focus is immediately on the suggestion that Hux can take care of him . He brings his own glass of wine close to his lips, glances into it in delayed recognition, and almost sets it aside, for he only very rarely indulges in such a manner. When he catches Hux’s eyes, a shade of blue-green now, looking hopefully at him, he decides that perhaps this is the right moment to allow such a potentially dangerous luxury. Ren takes a sip, finding it crisp and just a touch sweet. “So this is a ritual, then, among your kind?” The corner of Ren’s mouth turns up, trying to indicate that he’s making an attempt at humor. Though he’s curious, too. Hux can’t keep a startled look off his face at the question. “Ren, has no one ever...” he wants to say ‘taken you out on a date’ and then realizes how absurd the concept must be to someone who has spent his entire life-- or what Hux knows of it anyway-- learning the ways of the force or whatever it is the Supreme Leader sees fit to instruct his apprentice in. Placing his cutlery on the table he reaches across to take Ren’s hand, emboldened by the knight’s shy smile. “Yes, this is a very important ritual among my kind. Treating a loved one to a meal is customary. I want you to enjoy yourself.” Ren’s belly feels tight at that, fluttery in an upside down sort of way that makes him shift in his chair. He suddenly realizes what this is, though he’s forced to think back to his childhood to dredge an example to the surface of Han and Leia leaving him at home with a droid while they went out to dinner. It’s not the sort of experience that Ren has ever had, or ever thought to. He has no idea what to do, so he merely mimics Hux. The food is good, so enjoying it isn’t an element he must pretend to, and he realizes after the first few minutes that Hux must be rather nervous, for when matching Hux sip for sip with the wine, Ren finds himself beginning to get a bit intoxicated. He finds it’s actually rather pleasant. “You look nice,” Ren tells him, thinking maybe he should have said so earlier. Hux lets a genuine smile slip past. “So do you. Although…” On impulse he leans in and dabs a spot of gravy from Ren’s upper lip with his napkin. He places it back in his lap and continues eating, trying not to think about how sweet the knight's lips would taste, gravy-stained or no, and flushing a little at the way Ren’s eyes widen at the gesture. “I find this very agreeable, don’t you? It’s not often I have company. We should make a habit of it. I can set aside an evening a week to dine with you in private. Would that satisfy you?” Another sip of wine fortifies him to meet Ren’s eyes again. “I…” Ren begins, meaning to remark on his rigid schedule of training and meditation, but decides against it. “Yes. That would be nice. I would like that.” He drains his wine glass, moves to set it on the table, but props it against the edge of his plate in his flustered distraction. It tips over, then stops, suspended diagonally mid-fall. Ren plucks it out of the air, sets it down carefully. “Sorry,” he murmurs, thinking he’s most likely in the process of making a fool out of himself. Resting his chin in his hands Hux grins at the sight. He’s a little tipsy but that’s alright. “Charming trick,” he says of Ren’s close call with the wine glass. “I wouldn’t mind seeing what else you can do when you put your mind to it.” Their eyes meet and Hux blinks slowly, feeling warm all over and not at all like himself. The pass is clumsy but genuine though in his heart he knows that nothing will come of it. They’ve had a little too much to drink and he wants to be clear-headed when-- if-- when -- they come to it. To distract himself he clears the plates from the table and sets them aside. A droid will attend to cleaning and replacing them in his cabinet later. As he takes his seat again he reaches for Ren’s hand, brings it to his mouth, and brushes his lips over rough knuckles. “We should probably call it a night.” Ren isn’t sure he wants to call it a night, and would much rather have Hux’s lips on his. He turns the hand in Hux’s fingers, pulls them up toward his mouth, and kisses them. Ren touches the tip of his tongue to one, then catches it for just a short second between his teeth while watching Hux’s eyes grow instantly dark. “Is that an invitation to stay?” With a bittersweet sigh Hux shakes his head. “Much as I would like to spend more time with you I’m afraid these reports cannot wait. If I’d known… I only mean, if I’d thought ahead I might have cleared my schedule.” He should have done exactly that. He still could, regulations be damned. But he cannot afford to rush this new thing budding between them. “Rest assured our future meetings will not be so constrained by my duties. I’m willing to offer you my time in any capacity you require.” Taking his hand back he gets up from his chair, braces himself on the table for a moment and loses the fight with the urge welling up inside him. It’s nothing at all to step over to where Ren now stands and close the distance between them. “Until next time.” Feeling oddly clumsy he places a tentative palm against Ren’s chest and leans in until their lips are nearly touching, asking Ren to close the gap between them with his eyes. Ren’s arm slips around Hux’s waist and tugs him close, his other hand cupping the back of the general’s head as he presses their lips together. Hux’s lips are warm, a bit dry, tasting of wine, and his hair is achingly soft. None of this feels real. Perhaps Ren really did die on that planet, and this is his after-life. He touches his tongue to Hux’s bottom lip, wanting him to open for him, wanting Hux to tell him to stay. Ignited by the brief kiss Hux weakens a little and then leans in with a soft chuckle to bump their foreheads together. “I can’t, Ren…” I want to. He leaves the thought unspoken, flooding with pleasure as he brushes the tip of his nose against Ren’s. “I don’t want to rush this. Please,” he murmurs against the knight’s lips. Ren blinks, swallowing. He’s reeling a bit at Hux’s feedback, which is like banked fire, full of potential, but tamed with the sort of self-control that Ren admires above all else. He offers Hux another soft kiss, holding his fervor in check because Hux had asked it of him. “As you wish, General,” Ren says, brushing his thumb over Hux’s lips. He turns to leave, because he does not trust himself to stay longer. The moment Ren slips out the door Hux permits himself to sink into a chair in quiet relief. He brings a hand to his mouth to touch the warmth there and closes his eyes, already anticipating their next encounter. Chapter 2 A mysterious item arrives at Kylo Ren’s quarters the next morning, brought by a stormtrooper who seems slightly nervous but pleased to offer it to him. There is a horticulture specialist on board who has a small team to assist in an ongoing project to develop better mobile greenhouses for the production of raw materials. This isn’t a military priority but Hux supports such innovation. And Ren can tell it pleases him to have new projects under his command. The flower comes in a miniature greenhouse of its own and Ren is startled to see the telltale black petals of a Murakami orchid peeking out beneath the protective covering of the nutrient mask. He pulls it aside to find the rare flower in full bloom. “The only one to have survived the cloning process, Sir,” the trooper says with no small amount of pride. A note attached to the base of the small housing structure: Armitage , hand-written in ink. Ren stands for a long moment in the doorway, merely holding the plant with the note pinched between two fingers. He considers the sparse, virtually negligible detail of the message, and wonders what, exactly, Hux intends with this delivery. Has Ren missed some report or memo that indicates Hux would like him to study the plant? It doesn’t escape Ren’s understanding that the Murakami orchid is Force sensitive flower, exceedingly rare; might it have a function for military or intelligence endeavors? The stormtrooper still facing him in the hall clears his throat boldly, snapping Ren out of his musings. “Sir?” “Mm,” Ren grunts. “You may go.” The trooper salutes smartly, but Ren turns away before the gesture resolves, and the door snicks shut between them. Crossing the room to his single table, Ren sets the plant down on the glossy black surface and continues to regard it. Slowly, as though sensing some latent impression of Hux’s intentions through the plant itself, Ren begins to wonder if this is not a utilitarian delivery at all. Has Hux actually sent him a gift ? ------------------------- In the week since their first formal date Hux has spent an irritating amount of time trying to figure out if he’s made a mistake. Ren hasn’t mentioned the flower at all, though he seemed eager enough to get down to business where sex was concerned. It occurs to him that Ren may not understand the difference between a hasty liaison for mutual satisfaction and a genuine relationship. Hux isn’t particular sure he understand it himself but he knows that tokens of affection are often exchanged between paramours to foster the latter. What he doesn’t know is whether to be more disheartened that Ren doesn’t care to return the sentiment or angry at himself for investing so much in the first place. But then, where would Snoke’s apprentice learn a thing like that? The invitation to his quarters to watch the grav-ball match broadcast from Coronet is as low key as Hux can make it. For all he knows Ren doesn’t even enjoy sports. Hux has a few fond memories of playing grav-ball as a cadet. Never by Corellian rules, of course, but that will only make this match more interesting. In a pair of casual slacks and one of the form-fitting undershirts that he tends to wear beneath the uniform he will intimidate no one, but he hopes the less refined dress might make Ren feel comfortable. If the evening goes well they may be able to branch more serious topics-- the logistics of their tentative relationship is foremost on Hux’s mind. Even standing side by side on the bridge makes Hux feel a bit unsure of himself. As though he’s keeping a secret. If it were up to Hux the situation would be clear, known, and unremarkable. A general has no use for sneaking around and he’s surely discreet enough to maintain a romantic relationship with Kylo Ren in such a way that no one thinks to pry. How Ren feels about this is another matter. When the knight arrives at the door Hux greets him with a nod and invites him inside and to remove his boots if he cares to. Ren toes his boots off by the door, arranging them neatly because he knows Hux will appreciate it. He watches Hux out of the corner of his eye as he does so, seeing that the general hovers nearby regarding him in turn. The holo-projector is broadcasting over Hux’s shoulder, camera panning a boisterous, multi-hued crowd, the sound of exultant cheering muted. It doesn’t surprise him that Hux is a fan of such a pastime; he imagines the general is quite athletic, and Ren knows him to be exceedingly quick. Nimble, perhaps. He’s absolutely imagined that recently, and all the ways it might manifest beneath his hands. Ren has grown increasingly unsure over the past week what it is that Hux seems to be stalling about; it seemed clear between them during their last personal encounter that Ren was interested in Hux’s overtures, willing. Is this some form of class behavior, particular to aristocracy? Some form of power game? As Ren straightens again from arranging his boots, he examines Hux’s expression with narrowed eyes, refraining, but just barely, from casting out to simply take his answers. There is no duplicity written upon Hux’s pale features, however, and Ren knows the general well enough to recognize it. Hux is a practiced liar, and when he wishes to omit truths or turn a situation to his advantage with carefully tailored information, he does so with no inflection and a countenance like stone. Just now, Hux’s eyes are open, softly round behind near-translucent lashes. He’s chewing the inside of his bottom lip, and can’t seem to decide where to put his hands. He settles for tucking them beneath his arms. “Thank you for coming. Please have a seat. I wasn’t sure if this was something you might enjoy,” Hux adds hastily, feeling foolish for not bringing it up in conversation before. But Ren is here. That must count for something. “Did you receive the orchid I sent?” he asks in a quieter voice. Ren takes a single step closer, watches Hux sway back slightly in habit but stand his ground. Absolutely nothing captivates Ren more than the fact that Hux is entirely unafraid of him. “I did,” Ren answers in a matching pitch. Hux opens his mouth to say something else, but Ren leans in and captures his lips quickly. Ren pulls back just enough to test his theory that the orchid was, in fact, a gift. “Thank you.” Warmth blooms in his lips, his fingers, the pit of stomach as Hux leans into the kiss. He steadies himself with his hands on Ren’s shoulders as they break apart. “I’m glad,” he murmurs, leaning in to peck at the knight’s cheek before taking his hand and guiding him to the couch. Apprehension melts away at the small gesture. Ren is here and the world is right again. The gift has been duly noted and appreciated. He keeps ahold of the fingers curling against his own after they’re seated-- a reminder of the way they clasped hands after being rescued. So easy to say the things on his mind in those crucial moments. Why is it so difficult now? They sit holding hands in awkward silence as the game continues. Hux explaining the rules whenever he thinks Ren might not be following. Ren tries to follow the game, though his attention continues to wander. He keeps his eyes dutifully trained on the display, not wishing for Hux to think he’s disinterested, but he’s far more invested in tracing the delicate bones of Hux’s wrist with his thumb. In listening not to the myriad rules, but to the relaxed, human tone of Hux’s voice. There is an interlude in the game which Hux explains is half-time, during which he offers Ren refreshments. Though Ren isn’t hungry, he accepts, just because Hux seems to thrive on imposing a sense of order on their interactions. When Hux returns from his small kitchenette, he brings a bowl of crisps and a dark, fizzy drink with ice that makes Ren sneeze upon tasting it. Hux grins despite himself at the frank and utterly human reaction. He tucks it away, not wanting Ren to think he’s being ridiculed and takes a sip of his drink instead. On the holo the game picks up speed but he barely notices in the midst of the tension between them. Turning to gaze at Ren comes naturally enough. The knight is lovely in profile, generous lips slightly pursed as he watches numbers scroll along the feed. He could lean in for another kiss and damn the holo and the couch is large enough to lie full length on… His hand finds Ren’s again. Ren squeezes Hux’s hand, but lets go of it afterward in favor of leaning into the general’s smaller frame and sliding his own hand down Hux’s thigh. Those thighs would fit perfectly over his lap, Hux’s skin would be warm beneath Ren’s hands. Turning his head, Ren brushes his lips against Hux’s jaw, just below his ear. Shifts up to take Hux’s earlobe between his teeth, flick his tongue across it. “Kylo,” Hux whispers before succumbing to the sensation. When he’s pulled into the knight’s lap he doesn’t protest. A groan escapes his lips before they’re covered by Ren’s and then it’s a struggle to regain his bearings. “Wait,” he gasps, coming up for air and winding his fingers in the black locks framing a startled face. “Ren is this… is this all you want from me?” Ren’s brow furrows, and he searches Hux’s face. “What do you mean?” Ren thinks he understands, but wishes to be sure. “If you’re looking for maintenance sex I’m sure there’s no shortage of takers. I need a steady partner. Are you so eager to consummate this that you aren’t concerned about the risks of rushing into it?” Hux pulls back a little and casts about for a place to rest his gaze. Ren looms so close that he’s afraid if he meets those eyes again he’ll lose his conviction. “Can’t you feel how badly I want you? Don’t you trust me to take care of you the way you deserve? Cherished and not used as an outlet?” It is in the vein of response that Ren expected, but hearing it put in such a way startles him. The words take care of you and cherished resonate in skull, sharing echoes with their counterparts: not deserving, worthless . Ren tucks his face into Hux’s neck, all the lust funneled away. “I trust you,” he says quietly, rubbing his nose against the general’s collarbone. Ren’s hands hover at the small of Hux’s back, unsure, fearing some rebuke or expression of disappointment. That small connection coupled with Ren’s sudden deference encourages Hux to draw his knight into a protective embrace. “Then trust me to court you in my own time. Let me treat you like the prince you are to me. Things will happen as they are meant to. You might not know this but arranged marriages are still the fashion of the people I came from. Giving in to base instinct is for a quick affair-- easily stoked and easily snuffed out. But a strong foundation is built slowly to weather all storms. Do you understand?” He leans in to press a kiss to Ren’s forehead. “I want to build a life with you.” Ren’s face feels hot. He moves his lips to Hux’s neck again, stops himself. Leaning back, he looks into Hux eyes, which are clear and earnest and so achingly green. “Is that a marriage proposal then?” he deflects, trying on a smirk, though it doesn’t quite fit. “Ah, no,” Hux assures him gently. “But my intent is just as serious. Watch the match with me. Enjoy yourself.” He leans in again as though to impart a secret. “We can still be intimate. There’s something I enjoy that I haven’t quite worked up the courage to ask you for.” With a coy smile he settles back with his feet in Ren’s lap and turns back to the viewscreen. Ren sits there with Hux’s feet (his gorgeous, perfect feet with their perfect toes), and wonders if Hux’s secret fantasy is to simply have them in his lap. It’s curious, but Ren doesn’t have much to judge others’ fantasies by. He can barely articulate his own, so far down in the dark does he keep them. Ren slides his hand down Hux’s shin, down to his foot, and squeezes it gently. Hux writhes, makes a delicious purring noise, and Ren turns his head in surprise just in time to see his eyelashes flutter. The foot in his hand flexes, asking for more, and Ren finally understands. With his eyes closed Hux is free to focus on the blissful sensation of Ren exploring his feet. It’s not a shameful secret exactly, but it’s not something he’s ever revealed to anyone before. Being massaged and pampered this way by the knight is something he’s only fantasized about. Now, as deft fingers slip between his toes and rub his soles he can’t remember what his apprehension was in the first place. All that matters is that Ren seems to be enjoying it too. When a persistent forefinger tickles the pad of one foot he curls it and offers Ren a playful, half-hearted shove with the other. “Behave,” he warns, knowing full well from the grin he receives in return that Ren won’t and loving him all the more for it. By the time the match ends Hux is drifting to sleep on the sofa with Ren’s hand loosely encircling his ankle. It’s pleasant-- exactly the sort of evening to spend with a partner before an early morning on duty. Ren watches Hux drowse, admiring the way his eyelashes rest on his cheeks, the way his lips are slightly parted and his hair loose. The air of vulnerability makes Ren’s chest ache, and he feels himself being pulled along a path that he cannot see all ends to. Ren shifts, moving to lay down beside Hux, who rolls over toward the edge of the couch so that Ren can fit behind him. Pulling Hux into his arms, sighing, Ren lays his head against Hux’s. “What will Supreme Leader say of this?” “I expect the Supreme Leader will be pleased that we aren’t at each other’s throats,” he says, taking the hand that Ren slips around him and pressing it to his chest. “You’re an adult. Surely you have leave to give your affection to whom you wish.” He phrases the last as a statement but it’s a question and one he’d hoped not to have to ask. Ren’s choices are his own. He’d chosen to begin this path with Hux. What should Snoke have to say about anything so long as the Order came first? Ren ponders this, twining his fingers with Hux’s. “I believe that he will not object so long as you don’t defect to the resistance.” The laugh that tumbles out of him must startle the knight who shifts a little before clutching him more tightly. “What a thought.” He turns in Ren’s arms and kisses the bridge of his nose. “We are going to win this war, Ren. And when we’ve obliterated our enemies together we’ll have cause to celebrate. To rest. I once looked forward to peace in the galaxy but there will be none for me unless you’re at my side. We could be unstoppable.” Ren strokes a hand through Hux’s hair, making runnels through it. It trickles slowly back into place over Hux’s forehead. “I have never thought I would have peace.” He runs a thumb over Hux’s lips. “Do I deserve such a reward after the things I’ve done?” Ren cups Hux’s chin, indicating with the gesture what he is implying would be the reward. “You’ve given me hope again.” Hux punctuates the statement with a slow kiss, savoring plush lips and allowing the knight to hook a leg around him as they press against one another. “When I take you to bed,” he whispers against Ren’s cheek, “you’ll have your fill of what you deserve. Don’t ever doubt your worth. Not to me; not to anyone.” Chapter 3 It’s 1400 hours, the end of the alpha shift, and Ren has been waiting in the observation lounge on the E-deck officer’s suite for a half hour. This section of the ship is mostly unused during regular operations, as Hux likes to keep it reserved for meeting with any potential allies or liaisons to the First Order. That, and he is just grandiose enough to unofficially reserve the best observation gallery on the ship for himself. Ren knows that he comes here to unwind, to process his day, and to watch the stars; it refuels his creative energy. Ren is edgy, and has been increasingly so as the week has passed since spending the evening in Hux’s quarters. At first, he attributed it to not getting enough exercise, so he’d begun spending more time at the gym, running laps and training with bokken. When that yielded no relief, Ren supposed that this protracted affair with Hux has fanned other natural urges too high, and so he sought release in the shower each morning. And yet he still finds himself vibrating with something barely repressed each time he sweeps onto the bridge. At one point, Hux’s cool demeanor, betraying nothing of his feelings beneath, had no effect on Ren, but it has gradually become maddening to the point that Ren actually left the command center this afternoon before he snatched Hux and demanded his undivided attention, right there in front of his entire crew. Sitting here in this gallery, watching and listening to the traffic of the Yurak-Quanta II, a First Order controlled space station at the edge of the Outer Rim, Ren finally realizes what’s been plaguing him. He misses Hux . He misses the heady, addictive feeling of Hux belonging only to him, of seeing only his own reflection in those green eyes. And he realizes he’s been waiting for Hux to extend some invitation, to give Ren permission to cross the boundary of co-commander and lover. But Ren is impatient, and not always inclined to rise above it, thus he sent a communication to Hux a half hour before inviting him here with a plan of his own. Hux arrives at the end of his shift, still in uniform and preoccupied with the day’s events. At the sight of Ren’s solemn figure robed and masked and waiting just for him in his favorite place on the ship he breaks into a smile. “I came as soon as I could. The view is really quite spectacular, isn’t it? I’m glad you chose this particular spot.” His approach is casual but careful. It wouldn’t do to get too familiar while both are still dressed for duty. He steps up beside Ren and clasps his hand behind his back as he takes in the star field yawning before them. Ren cannot help but feel a spark of irritation at Hux’s regulation posture, hands carefully tucked away instead of touching him. Swallowing it down, Ren reaches up and unlatches his helm, setting it aside on one of the tall round tables. There is a bar in this room as well, with a droid currently in sleep mode; Ren is admittedly so covetous of Hux’s company at the moment that he doesn’t even want to wake the thing to offer Hux a drink. Whether Hux will approve or not, Ren reaches for him, slides his hand over the smooth, well-pressed uniform, curls his fingers around the curve of Hux’s svelte waist, and pulls the General toward him. Gently enough that Hux can twist away, if he wants. “Ren,” Hux admonishes, placing a palm on the back of the knight’s hand. “It might be better to discuss certain aspects of our courtship before engaging in a public display like this.” He hopes his gentle tone will not discourage such advances in private but running a warship comes with it’s own complicated rules of fraternization and it will not do to risk exposure before they’ve decided how to proceed. Ren doesn’t let go immediately, though he hesitates, not wanting to upset Hux. Several things go through his mind, none of them pleasant, regarding what Hux wishes to discuss . Does he want this to be a secret? Is he ashamed of Ren? That thought is the loudest. “There is no one nearby,” he tells Hux. “What do you want to discuss?” “This isn’t the place,” Hux says, but the obstinate set of Ren’s jaw softens his response. “I had hoped we would be able to come to an understanding about the image we present to the crew. Are you comfortable with the crew being aware of the nature of our relationship? Or do you feel the need to keep this as private as possible. It’s difficult but it can be done if your service to Leader Snoke requires it. I can’t read your mind, Ren. You have to tell me these things.” “What the crew thinks of you and me or our relationship is of no concern to me,” Ren says, leaning in to take Hux’s lips in a kiss, though he stops himself. Dropping his hand from Hux’s waist, releasing him, he takes a step away and mimics Hux’s military posture, heaving a deep sigh. He stares out the viewport, feeling like his plan for this afternoon has failed before it even began. “Must you be so short-sighted, Ren? This isn’t about what the crew thinks of us. I could care less what they think as long as they perform to standard. This is about whether or not we may relax in one another’s company, whether I can hope to attend a formal event on your arm. We could have that. No rule forbids it.” He turns to the knight with a searching look. “Would it make you happier to compartmentalize this fully?” Ren glares at him. “You’re calling me short sighted? Truly?” “Listen to me,” Hux tries again, irritated that his partner cannot see the logic in what he’s proposing. “I’m not your enemy. But I don’t know how you envision this unfolding. If we need to lay out some ground rules I’m at your disposal. Tell me what you want, Ren.” Ren reaches out again and takes Hux by his upper arm, and pulls him close, wrapping his arms around him from behind before he can object. “I want you right here, and I want you to quit being stubborn for just a minute,” Ren growls softly into Hux’s ear. “Me being stubborn?” he’s torn between laughing and pushing Ren away. Perhaps both. “You’re absurd. You want to have this conversation? We’re having it. But I don’t know what you want from me right now.” He lets the irritation creep into his voice but stays put. Ren holds Hux stiffly for a few moments, half expecting him to peel away from his embrace. When he doesn’t, Ren relaxes slowly, resting his cheek against the side of Hux’s head and exhaling. He feels a week’s worth of tension start to ebb now that he has Hux in his arms. “This is better,” Ren tells him. “I needed this.” After a moment of silence Hux asks, “Am I not intimate with you often enough? Have I been neglecting you?” Even as he hears the words a pang of regret rises up in him. Ren’s moods are difficult to predict but perhaps he should be doing more to meet him halfway. “You haven’t done anything wrong,” Ren sighs, shifting a hand to smooth his knuckles along the curve of Hux’s jaw, brushing the pale skin just above the collar of his uniform, which Ren is wrinkling, holding him this way. “But more of this would be nice, yes. I get ... frustrated, having to watch you on the bridge, unable to touch you.” “It’s part of the job, Ren. We don’t have leave to relax around one another on duty. But since you’re unconcerned with the crew’s perception I will formalize our relationship in the records.” He reaches up to pat the knight’s hand. “And I have something for you.” He slips his fingers into one of the discretely tailored pockets in his uniform trousers and pulls out a small note, passing it awkwardly back into Ren’s half-closed hand. Closing his eyes at the mild twinge of embarrassment at Ren reading the note here in front of him, he focuses on the words the knight is undoubtedly scrutinizing. Will you do me the honor of accompanying me on a week of shore leave. I've been presumptuous and rented a suite for two on the Yurak resort moon. The accomodations are some of the finest in this sector and I hope my prince will find them fitting. I eagerly await your reply. Yours in devotion, Armitage Ren feels a warm flush spread across his cheeks, and he spirits the note away into the folds of his robes. He had been mocked as a child, training at his uncle’s school, called a spoiled prince when he was frustrated with his lack of progress. He’s never heard the word used as an endearment, and isn’t sure what to think of it. “You’ll formalize our relationship in the records?” he says instead, his tone teasingly gentle. “Standard practice in order to avoid any complications that arise from illicit fraternization. Besides, I don’t like the idea of anyone having designs on you because they’re unaware that you belong to me already.” He turns in Ren’s arms, presses the softest kiss just under his chin for the pleasure of hearing the faint click of his throat as it swallows a responding groan. “Now, did you call me here for some pressing reason or should we retire to my quarters?” Ren’s hands slide across the smooth planes of Hux’s back, stopping just short of cupping his ass, which he’s fairly sure his general won’t tolerate. The reason he brought Hux here is difficult to grasp with his body pressed so close, Hux’s warm breath against his throat. Ren hadn’t expected to find that the suggestion that he belongs to Hux to be so appealing or so terribly arousing, but it is. “I did want to show you something,” Ren admits in a voice raspy with desire. “But your quarters sound good, too.” Hux leads the way, letting Ren hang behind him a little. Were he not in uniform he would gladly go arm in arm but decorum must be observed. It will be good to relax at the resort and indulge in one another without fear of causing a scene. The walk seems almost too long and by the time the door slides shut behind them he has both hands on Ren’s hips and a coy smile on his face. “Show me.” “I…” Ren begins, too distracted by Hux’s hands. “Later,” he says, leaning down to take Hux’s lips in his. Hux gives in to him, and Ren nearly groans with relief, reaching up and plucking Hux’s command cap from his head and tossing it on the table so that he can run fingers through his red hair. “You’re so eager,” Hux murmurs against the persistent mouth that tolerates no argument. “Let me slip into something comfortable and I’m yours for the evening.” He hastily ducks another kiss with a grin and squeezes Ren’s hand before heading for the bedroom, heart aching at the forlorn look he receives at leaving their embrace. Ren sinks down onto the sofa with a sigh, realizing belatedly that he’s left his helmet in the observation gallery. It’s unlikely that anyone will abscond with it, however, for fear of retribution. While he waits for Hux to return, he pulls the note out of the inner folds of his robes and reads it again, tracing its creases with his thumb, brushing it against his lips. He puts it away again before Hux returns. The General emerges in a set of civilian clothes Ren hasn’t seen before. Fitted wool slacks overlap a collared shirt tucked into the waistband. It hangs well on his slight frame with sleeves folded at the wrists. Nondescript but obscenely comfortable-- at least when compared with the uniform. “Would you care for some caf?” Ren reaches out and catches Hux’s slender wrist before the slippery general can escape to some other task that doesn’t involve being in Ren’s arms. “I’d care for you in my lap,” he growls, pulling Hux toward him. Hux lands askew atop the knight’s thighs and adjusts himself so that he’s practically leaning against Ren’s chest. He places his hands there, feeling the warmth and breadth of it. “Is this how my prince desires me?” Ren cups Hux’s chin, slides his hand back into his hair, and projects images of Hux’s pale, freckled body naked beneath his, long legs wrapped around his waist, back arched in pleasure, mouth open in a soundless cry of ecstasy. “More like this,” he murmurs into Hux’s ear, feeling his own cock beginning to fill between them. A hot blush creeps over Hux’s cheeks and he turns away until he can calm his breathing. “Wicked boy,” he whispers finally, resting his forehead against Ren’s Of course he’s thought about it. Thought about little else if he’s honest with himself. “Is that the kind of love you’ve been eager for all this time? I promise you I’m just as taken with the thought of spending a few hours reacquainting myself with your body. Why do you think I booked the trip without checking with you first?” His eyes meet the smoldering fire in Ren’s and he frames that perfect face in his hands. “I can’t wait any longer.” Ren pulls Hux closer, finally allowing his hands to cup Hux’s small, toned ass, bringing their hips together. Hux must feel how hard he is, how much Ren needs him. “I want all of it,” Ren says, kissing him again, teeth on Hux’s bottom lip. “All of you. I’m tired of waiting, too.” His heart flutters, adrenaline cold in his veins even as his skin is hot. “You drive me mad,” he whispers. When Hux gives into another passionate kiss he can’t help but thrust his hips a little, desperate for it. The gesture is unseemly but it feels so good. Without a word he’s sliding back towards the sofa cushions, wanting to be laid out with Ren atop him, wanting to feel the full weight of those muscular thighs and the sweet pressure of an urgent erection against his. Wanting to be enveloped in the familiar heat and scent of Kylo Ren. Ren goes willingly, draping his larger body over Hux’s, grinding his hips down where Hux’s legs encircle him. He feels the pressure of Hux’s cock, hard alongside his, and blindly reaches down to fumble at the hem of Hux’s shirt, tugging it free from his pants. Ren slides his fingers up along Hux’s torso, reveling in the intake of breath as he grazes sensitive ribs, rubs a thumb over a peaked nipple. His vision is swimming with need, breath coming shallowly. Hux matches his fervor, drunk on the feeling of Ren enclosed in his thighs. He tosses his head back with a whimper, nerves aflame as he realizes he’s almost re-creating the scene from Ren’s naughty fantasy. Invigorated, he pulls his beloved down for a hasty kiss that becomes a shared moan, fearing he’ll come from the taste of his tongue; the wet huff against his cheek. “We should slow down,” he manages, massaging the back of Ren’s neck with one hand while the other traces the tantalizing line of his chest beneath his shirt. Ren is shaking with need, but he inhales deeply and kisses Hux softly, trailing lips across his chin, down his neck, up to his ear. “How slow?” He rolls his hips down, the movement instinct, leaving his breath a soft gasp in his throat. “Slow enough to savor.” Words fail him as he lets himself melt into each tender kiss, Ren’s mouth a plea and a promise against his. He finds himself absurdly focused on the feel of Ren’s hair between his fingers, the hot hammer of his pulse as Hux’s brushes his lips against it. If he isn’t careful he’ll lose his resolve and they’ll end up tangled on the floor in these sparse quarters. “Give me a little room, Pet,” he whispers, tracing Ren’s cheek with his forefinger with all the precision of devotion. Ren shifts, dropping his weight to the side and giving Hux freedom of movement, though he keeps a hand on Hux’s waist, against his bare skin. It’s startling, the amount of self control he must exert not to take without Hux’s permission; Ren feels like a man addicted to some powerful drug he’s been parted from too long, and being offered a taste to slake his thirst. With an easy smile Hux traces Ren’s lips with his finger and then the tip of his tongue. He pulls away before another kiss can blossom between them, nuzzling his cheek instead. “If I invited you to stay the night do you think we could behave ourselves? I want to save the first time for a nicer place than this. But that doesn’t mean we have to deny one another the comforts of shared sleep.” He gazes up at Ren’s face, imploring. Ren tries not to visibly deflate as he slumps onto the couch beside Hux. While he wants more, the idea of sleeping next to Hux, of waking up in his arms, is somehow appealing in an even deeper way, and he finds that he wants that. “You’d make a great Emperor,” Ren mutters, kissing Hux’s bottom lip and raising an eyebrow. “You are adept at making others do what you want them to.” Startled, Hux quashes a laugh. “You think so, do you? One of the necessities of command, I assure you. Though at the moment I’m starting to wonder if I’m made for any purpose but pleasing you.” He nudges his forehead against the knight’s and closes his eyes. “I’m going to order supper for the both of us and then we’ll see what the night holds, shall we?” “Yes, my liege,” Ren sighs, rolling over onto his back now. Hux gives him a playful swat and busies himself setting the table. It will be good to have Ren for the evening. He’s well acquainted with the rewards of delayed gratification but surely spending the night in a long embrace will only sweeten what’s to come. As they wait for the meal to arrive Hux steps to the viewport and stares out at the stars. He feels almost princely himself. As though everything out there might be theirs for the taking if only they have the patience and the courage. Ren watches him from the couch for a moment, thinking that he truly looks as though the universe unfurled before him is an empire awaiting his whim. The thought flickers thought Ren’s mind that Ren alone could give it to him, if he chose. Standing, Ren crosses the space to wrap an arm around Hux’s waist again, pleased when Hux leans back against him, content. “I had something I wanted to show you earlier, in the observation gallery,” he tells Hux. That had been his intention in inviting Hux there, before it was interrupted by their argument and then further still by coming back to Hux’s quarters. The hand offered to Ren is taken without a word and Hux draws him close. “Show me, then.” Ren brushes his lips against Hux’s knuckles, then lets go of his hand, resting the tips of three fingers against Hux’s cheekbone, the side of his forehead. The physical contact isn’t exactly necessary for what he wishes to show Hux, but it helps to focus. Outside the viewport, the traffic of the space station continues to flow, ships moving at all speeds. The planet beyond is brilliant blue and green and brown and its luminosity makes Hux’s pale skin nearly ethereal. Slowly, Ren reaches out to the Force, letting all the myriad thoughts and voices of the living world beyond the transparisteel flow into his consciousness, and he shows it all to Hux. The general gasps and staggers forward, only to be caught by Ren before he stumbles. “Ren,” he gasps, voice cracking as the stimuli overwhelms him. “...what is this?” Ren dials back the connection, not having meant to overwhelm Hux. “This is what it is like to be me,” he tells him softly. “All of this, just a thought away.” “Oh… Ren,” he says when he can speak again because there is nothing else to say. The desire to take his lover in his arms and comfort him overrules all other thoughts. For a long moment they stand, embracing in the dim starlight. Hux drops his forehead to Ren’s shoulder and sighs. “Is there anything I can do?” Ren kisses Hux’s soft hair. “You find it so horrible? If you could have that - if the universe could not close itself to you, wouldn’t you want it?” The question unnerves him. Perhaps force-users grow used to the constant traffic in their thoughts but he could never find solace in a world where every whim hovered in the air like breath and one could take and discard them at will. “No. I don’t know. Maybe.” The transparisteel is cool to the touch when he places his palm against it. “If we could share it, you and I, it might be borne.” The thought touches Ren, unexpectedly. He’d never considered his gift a burden to be shared, but then, he’d never had anyone to share it with. He reaches out and covers Hux’s hand with his own, both of them pressed to the viewport. “I would do anything for you,” Ren tells him, finding it true. Dangerously so. “Then we understand one another.” Chapter 4 Hux wakes with a dry mouth, a full bladder, and a delicious warmth that seems to spread from his gut to his torso and limbs, making fingers and toes tingle. He’s lying on the bed with a comforting weight against his chest and arm. After a moment he realizes that some of the warmth is Ren and some of the tingling is from the hand that’s fallen asleep, dead weight beneath his lover’s body. He pulls himself out of bed and shakes it, walks in blind habit to the refresher to take care of the other urgent signal his body is giving him-- easier contemplated than done with a painful erection-- and then crawls back into bed to cuddle. That is, after all, what they’re doing. And it’s something he has less experience with than sex, which is what his body seems to want. Ren is soft and pliable in this state. Softer, even, than he was last night when they spoke little, saving their breath for drowsy kisses that lingered before fading away to pecks and nuzzles. Hux snuggles in against him and hums with pleasure as his knight dips his head press his stubbled chin against Hux’s neck. He hones in on the tickling sensation with a lusty little sigh that embarrasses him. With single-minded intent he pushes his lover back a little so he can kiss the same spot under Ren’s chin, nipping at the bristly flesh. It’s bliss, every small scratch against his cheek, his lips. He feels foolish and content all at once; as though he could attend to Ren here over and over for the sheer joy of doing so. Ren comes online slowly, like rising to the surface of a lazy, warm sea. His eyes flutter open as Hux lips caress his pulse point, and Ren purrs, stroking fingers up Hux’s spine, marveling at how soft his skin is. Ren tangles his hand in Hux’s hair, which is mussed and silken between his fingers, and he feels singular, privileged, that he gets to see Hux this way: sleep-tousled and vulnerable. Ren turns his head, chasing Hux’s lips, capturing them and pressing a hard kiss against Hux’s mouth. He tugs the general closer, hand moving now to the swell of his ass, palming one deliciously pliable cheek. A low growl issues from Ren’s throat, muffled by Hux’s lips. Dizzy with arousal, Hux slings a leg around Ren’s waist, encouraging him to keep exploring with his hands. They roll together until Hux is on his back, pinned beneath hips and hands and even hard ankles. Ren’s erection nestles against his own, a searing heat that makes him whimper. He’s wearing only a long shirt and a loose pair of shorts and Ren is nude but for a pair of briefs. His hand caresses the heat of the knight’s lower back and trails up along his spine to grasp the back of his neck. An urgent kiss softens as Hux returns to trace Ren’s jawline with his lips, obsessing over the contour of it. Ren groans, rolling his hips to soak up friction, his cock achingly hard. He moves a hand to Hux’s leg, squeezing the meat of his thigh, trying to pull it closer to him, wrap it more tightly around him. Ren’s heart hammers in his chest, arousal driving his blood pressure up, his whole body begging for release. “I need you,” Ren says, voice raspy in Hux’s ear, muffled when he bites down on the lobe. “Fuck waiting. You’re driving me insane.” He grinds his hips down again, hard, earning a soft keen from Hux that makes him gasp. “Come against me,” Hux whispers, settling Ren between his thighs and pumping his hips to encourage him. “I’m desperate for you.” They can do this. And it will still be special when he lays Ren out on their bed at the resort for more nuanced lovemaking. He looks to Ren for encouragement, wanting to be held and caressed as they work against one another. Ren makes a low noise, reaches between them to hook a thumb over Hux’s waistband. He pushes them below Hux’s hips, then pauses. “I want you naked,” he growls. “I want to feel you.” Hux is glad Ren cannot see the furious blush that burns his cheeks. “Take them off me, then.” He slips his own fingers into Ren’s tight briefs to tug them away and soon they’re both struggling in the sheets to undress one another. Once Hux’s top is over his head he impulsively reaches down and brushes his fingers against the thick nest of Ren’s groin to capture his erection. When his hand closes around the width of it and curiously strokes the shaft he lets out a huff despite himself. “Aren’t you impressive,” he whispers, curling his fingers just so to make Ren cry out again. Hux’s hand around him feels divine; his fingers are softer than Ren’s own, and they move deftly over him, caressing his length and sending sparks cascading along Ren’s spine. He runs his own hand down Hux’s back, exposed as he lies on his side next to him, and palms one cheek. His fingers ghost along Hux’s crevice, teasing. “You’re perfect,” Ren whispers, kissing him softly. Trying not to preen at the words, Hux takes the opportunity to stroke the inside of Ren’s thighs, enjoying the feel of soft flesh covering powerful muscles. “My handsome prince,” he murmurs against Ren’s neck, rolling onto his back and tugging Ren atop him again. “I can’t wait to slip inside you.” He grinds his hips against the knight’s, wanting to restart that delectable friction between them again. A shuddering groan escapes Ren’s lips as he feels Hux’s cock, flushed warm, against his. He can barely register Hux’s words, though when he does he laughs throatily. “Is that the way it’s going to be?” he asks, nuzzling Hux below his ear, flicking his tongue out to caress the lobe. “What if I want my general on his knees?” “My prince can have whatever he desires. I’m yours, Kylo. I belong to you.” He takes Ren’s face in his hands and presses their noses together with a satisfied hum. “How do you want me? What would please you?” Ren shivers, feeling his face color at both Hux’s use of the word prince and the riot of images in his mind. “I want everything,” he tells Hux, and it’s true. “I want you to touch me.” He rolls his hips down again, then reaches for Hux’s hand and pulls it down between them, wrapping it around both their shafts. When Hux applies just the barest presses, Ren cries out, back arching. “Fuck,” he growls. “ Yes . Like that.” Hux has never done this before but once he gets into the rhythm of it it’s a delight for both of them. He squeezes harder, unable to cover their combined girth with his hand but making up for it as best he can with an even stroke. The work is exhausting and he finds himself grunting softly in Ren’s ear, hoping he isn’t making an utter fool of himself. As the pressure builds he lets go of his own to focus on Ren, working the shaft with his eyes screwed shut in determination. It’s a relief when the knight begins to spurt, coating his belly with hot semen as Hux sinks back against the bed, panting. “Not bad for being out of practice,” he mutters, offering Ren a shy smile. Ren can only respond with a grunt and a smile against Hux’s neck, which is damp with a fine sheen of sweat. Ren can feel Hux still hard against his belly, and peels himself away to trail kisses down Hux’s chest, avoiding the evidence of his own release, until he’s poised above Hux’s cock. Ren glances up from beneath his lashes, asking for permission silently. “Do you want to?” The thought of those sinful lips on his cock are enough to have him fisting the sheets. “If it pleases you it would please me too. You have no idea how long it’s been.” Well aware that he’s gazing at Ren like a lovesick adolescent, he reaches out to touch his cheek in gratitude. Ren tilts his face into Hux’s touch, brushing his lips against his fingertips, then lowers his face to press an equally tender kiss to the head of Hux’s cock. He dips his tongue through the slit, tasting salty pre-come, then wraps a hand around the base and takes Hux fully in his mouth. Hux gasps, fingers snagging in Ren’s hair, and Ren purrs. Hux throws his head back and cries out in pleasure, still gripping Ren’s tangled hair. It’s too unbearably good, being taken this way. Ren’s tongue presses the underside of his cock with each drag back up the shaft before his hot mouth engulfs him again and again. He fights to keep from thrusting up into the knight’s mouth but he can’t help but wiggle a little from the sweet torment of it. Too soon he’s climaxing and Ren, to his credit, takes all of it until he’s at the brink of sensitivity. “Kylo,” he gasps. “Kylo… gods… how did you…” On second thought, he’d rather not how and where he picked up that particular skill. Just now the thought of his prince having anyone else leaves a bitter taste in his mouth and he pulls the knight up for a fierce kiss. Ren grins against Hux’s lips, sensing the sudden burst of jealousy and surmising where it originated. It’s heady, being wanted this much; he has never felt such possessive devotion, both passionate and yearning. It all resonates in his own chest, as though what is between them through the Force is an intense, endless feedback loop. “I love you,” Ren tells Hux, the roil of feeling coursing through him making his cock stir again. “Then promise me that no one else will ever have the privilege of attending to your desires.” He finds Kylo’s gaze in the dark; the dim glint of his eyes. “I thought I fell in love with you slowly. Those days and nights we worked together, feared together-- though you would not admit you too were afraid of retaliation from your master-- I saw you then and I wanted you. But in truth I fell in love with you when you kissed me goodnight the first time we dined together in my quarters. And again when you let me fall asleep with my feet in your lap. And again when you were so eager to see me that you didn’t care a whit about regulations. And again last night when you started snoring. You really ought to see one of the medics about that.” He brushes Ren’s hair back from his forehead, smoothing it out with tender focus. “Will you share my bed?” Ren is momentarily taken aback, chest clenching. He isn’t the speech-maker that Hux is, and cannot form the adequate words. “I thought I was sharing your bed right now,” he murmurs instead, then adds: “And I don’t snore.” “You absolutely do,” Hux chides him, kissing the bridge of his nose. “I mean in a more… permanent… sense. Will you share my bed for the rest of my life?” Sliding down onto his side, Ren pulls Hux into his arms, burying his face in Hux’s hair. He imagines all the nights he might be called away from Hux’s side, sent out into the cold dark of space alone, to do Supreme Leader’s bidding. For so many years, that has been his only purpose. Snoke had always held in his palm the promise of power and freedom from his constant pain, and yet he’d always kept that just out of Ren’s reach. He always had just one more task, or one last way Ren must prove himself. Ren’s fingers trace Hux’s back tenderly. “I don’t think that I can serve two masters,” he whispers. For a moment Hux doesn’t understand, and then he does but wishes for a fleeting instant that he might pretend otherwise. “I see,” he says, his voice even. He wants to tell Ren that Hux will be serving him , for Ren is the only lord and master he ever wishes to serve. But he knows that kind of sentiment is useless in the light of grim facts. “Then what can you give me, Kylo? I’ll take whatever you offer me.” He says finally, unable to keep a waver out of his voice at the thought that this courtship may have come to a halt because Ren was never free to be with him in the first place. Ren realizes that he has been misunderstood, and tightens his grip on Hux as though the general has already begun drifting away from him. He’d sensed what Hux was offering, asking him to share his bed and his life, and that was his fealty and partnership in whole. Not demands and empty promises. “I’m offering you everything,” he admits, almost too quietly to be heard. “All of me.” So it comes to this, Hux thinks, both elated and slightly terrified of the ramifications. He pulls them flush against one another, limbs wrapped tightly to keep them pressed so close he can hear Ren’s heart pounding in his chest. “In full knowledge of the path before us. In acceptance of what must be done to protect you from…” He won’t say it. Hates to even think it-- but wasn’t it bound to be this way in the end? “Yes, Kylo Ren, I accept.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the The Sun In Wintertime series