Art Class Ben Solo. Ben FREAKING Solo was in her FREAKING art class. Rey was furious. Why? Because Ben Solo (aka KYLO REN) was the boy genius art maniac that sold his first stupid painting at age 12 and continued on his way to stardom. It felt like Hannah Montana. Ben thought no one knew he was Kylo Ren, when in all actuality, everyone knew. Even Mitaka knew and he had to personally have someone hold his hands through freaking life before he could figure anything out. Rey was furious because he was a genius. His art, albeit a bit dark, spoke to her on a spiritual level. She was angry because she wanted him to help her become better, but she was also afraid. He was an 18 year old, moody artist, with long black hair and an even darker humor. Rey slumped lower in her chair, only daring to glance up at him out of the corner of her eye. She refused to acknowledge him. If she did, she would blush and feel like a complete idiot and not be able to get anything done in this class period. Though if she were honest with herself, which she rarely was, her hopes of being productive in this class significantly dropped the moment Ben Solo walked through those doors. Ben looked around and started walking towards the front, which just so happened to be where Rey was situated. Rey’s inner monologue consisted of several pitches of continuous screaming as she noticed Ben walking near her table. The room that they were in was in no way spacious, but held very few students. There were ten tables strewn around the room in a haphazardous manner befitting an eccentric teacher. The five other students in the room hardly glanced at each other (this was an advanced art class after all). Mr. Skywalker sat at his desk glaring at his computer willing it to work (after all, not all artists could connect with everything, much as they tried). Ben sighed and flopped down in the seat directly across from Rey. Her internal screaming halted at the sight while the rest of her bodily functions deceived her. Her heart pounded, her lungs refused to take in oxygen, her cheeks and neck flamed, her stomach took flight, her ears started ringing, and her tongue twisted. If Ben noticed her abnormal behavior, she couldn’t tell, because at that moment Mr. Skywalker decided to start his class. “Hello class!” he smiled at each of his students before landing on Rey and Ben. His eyes seemed to twinkled mischievously, but Rey passed it off as her overactive imagination caused by the close proximity of Ben Solo. “Most of you are expecting a laid back class where you can practice your art of letting go and becoming one with art,” he added with dramatic hand gestures and the billowing of his large cardigan? Robe? Whatever it was, it was dramatic. “BUT! You will be sorely disappointed, because this semester we are focusing on each other. You will be assigned a partner whom you will be painting, drawing, sculpting, whatever! You will become intimately attuned to your partners features,” Mr. Skywalker’s dramatic speech concluded. “Now! For your partners!” He moved around the classroom and looked every person in the eye. He would murmur things to himself that none of the students could understand, but Mr. Skywalker apparently could. He suddenly straightened and positively beamed at his small group of students. “I figured it out! Ah, yes, it is quite perfect!” He walked up to the whiteboard before turning towards his class. Rey’s breathing stopped all together. If there was anything she hated more than anticipation, that was partners, and the anticipation of waiting to find out the person she would be stuck with for the rest of the semester to become ‘intimately’ familiar with their features was slowly going to kill her. She nervously took in the other faces in the room. There was Hux, the pinched-faced redhead, who wasn’t really too bad once you got past his thirty layers of vague (and not-so-vague) dislike of everything. Poe Dameron sat in the corner proudly sweeping his tousled curls back and grinning like an idiot (who gave Rey a creepy vibe, if she were ever honest to herself). Phasma (the goddess), whose legs Rey viciously envied, was also in the room looking bored. And Ben. Perfectly moody Ben, who Rey could hardly look at in fear of losing some of her composure that she had gained back (in the deepest, darkest part of her heart she hoped that Ben would be her partner, but again she was rarely honest with herself). As if sensing her thinking about him, Ben looked up from the top of the table to look directly into her eyes. Rey flushed from head to toe, quickly looking down at her toes nervously scuffing on the ground. Slowly something processed in Rey’s ringing ears, “…and Rey will be partners!” Mr. Skywalker’s voice echoed in her ears like a death toll in her mind. Who the freaking heck is my partner!? I wasn’t paying any attention! Dang Ben and his stupid face!! Suddenly Ben cleared his throat, effectively looking pleased and embarrassed as heck. Rey’s wide eyes snapped to his. He looked down into her eyes, lips slightly quirking at the corner. Rey blushed again before lowering her eyes. She mentally berated herself for her stupidity. “Uh, Ben?” His eyebrows shot up his forehead, “Yeah?” “Um, so, I wasn’t really paying attention… Uh, so, I guess what I’m trying to say is, well, um, do you, you know, know who my, um, partner is?” Rey asked to her feet, refusing to meet Ben’s eyes. Ben’s mouth softened to a small smile, “Well, if I heard right then that’d be me.” Rey’s heart stopped in her chest, before picking up in double time. Her eyes were wide like a deer in headlights. Ben’s small smiled faded and a looked of concern came onto his expressive face, “Rey? Are you alright?” Rey smiled weakly, “O-of course! Yup, perfectly fine!” Yeah, perfectly fine… *** Three weeks. THREE WEEKS had passed and Rey was going to die. She physically was going to die. She had half a notebook full of Ben. Ben’s eyes, Ben’s hands, Ben’s nose, and Ben’s hair, that long, luxurious, dark mane of his. She had drawn, sketched, and painted him from the bottom up. And she was going to die. She could not look him in the eye outside of the brief glances she gave him to fully perfect the piece she was working on. Ben wasn’t faring much better. Every time they would make eye contact, his pale cheeks lightly pinked before quickly looking away. She only caught glimpses of his artwork, and she never showed him hers. He kept to his side of the table they had claimed as theirs. Mr. Skywalker stood in front of the class when Rey walked in for the day. Ben was already at their table smiling softly at the surface of the table. Mr. Skywalker smiled at Rey as she sat down right before the bell rang. At the screech of her chair being pulled back, Ben looked up at her and lightly blushed before smiling down at the table again. “Everyone! Please calm down!” the light noise in the classroom died down, “Now that you’ve sketched your partner enough, here comes the tricky part. Now you have to draw them DOING something. Whatever you think about this person. I want your project to BLEED emotion. I want to feel what you feel when you interact with this person in your art. Now! Time to work!” Mr. Skywalker beamed at his class before landing on a blushing Ben and an uncomfortable Rey. His blue eyes sparkled with amusement. Rey was frozen with shock. Bleed with emotion? What the heck was that supposed to mean? Her face paled. The emotions she felt towards Ben were private. She had no desire whatsoever to share those with the rest of the class. They were too tender and too confusing to put into one piece of art. Her mouth set into a thin line. She would just have to talk to Mr. Skywalker about it personally. *** Class was let out for day. Rey stayed behind much to the confusion of Ben. But he just shrugged and walked out the door, Rey’s eyes on his back the entire time. As soon as he left the room, Rey jumped up to intercept Mr. Skywalker. “Mr. Skywalker! Mr. Skywalker! Please, I need to talk to you,” Rey desperately called out to Mr. Skywalker’s retreating back. Mr. Skywalker good-naturedly turned around and smiled at Rey, “Is there anything I can do to help you?” “Um, yeah. Mr. Skywalker. This assignment… I don’t know how I… I don’t think I can do it the way you want me too.” She wrung her hands nervously. “What do you mean? And please, call me Luke,” he smiled politely down at the nervous girl. “Well,” Rey started to tug at the hem of her shirt nervously, “Luke, you, um, you said that you wanted our art to show emotion, and, well, I am not sure I can do that, err, I don’t know how to do that.” She kept her eyes downcast and mumbled the end of her little rant. Luke just smiled at her, “That’s the point of art, Rey, child. To push us to things we haven’t accomplished before, to stretch our abilities and imaginations!” He frowned at her, “Would you do something for me, Rey?” Rey looked up into Luke’s open, honest eyes, “Of course, Mr. Sky- I mean, Luke,” she quickly looked down at her feet again. “I partnered you up with Ben for a reason, you know,” Rey looked up at him, “He’s a brilliant artist, but he has a hard time talking to people. Maybe if you talked to him, he could help you perfect your art, and maybe he could open up to someone other than a notebook,” Luke winked at her, smiled, and walked away leaving Rey a little breathless and a tiny bit hopeful. *** Rey was in the classroom before Ben today for the first time since the first day. She was nervous, but determined. She needed a teacher and he was the best, and her partner. She could do this. She HAD to do this. She took several deep breaths before calming her frayed nerves slightly. She stared straight ahead not daring to watch the door for Ben’s appearance. If she did, she was worried that she would lose her nerve and not ask him. Her fingers fidgeted on the tabletop, before moving to her lap and fiddling with the hole in her jeans on her thigh. Suddenly, Ben appeared in front of her, loudly pulling out his chair. Rey stopped breathing as he was adjusting his pens and pencils after sitting. They were the only ones in the classroom, besides Luke, whose gaze was fixed on his computer screen. Rey cleared her throat. Ben’s full attention was on her in an instant. His warm chocolate eyes melted some of Rey’s anxiety. “Hey Ben!” Rey squeaked. “Hi,” Ben said, looking slightly startled. Before she could lose her nerve, Rey quickly said, “So, um, you know how you’re like a really good artist? And this assignment is coming up and we are partners and everything? Well, I was thinking, maybe, I don’t know, you don’t have to say yes or anything, but I was wondering maybe if you could, like teach me? Cause you’re really good?” “Huh?” If it had been any other time, Rey would have laughed at his dumbfounded expression and articulate response, instead she anxiously laughed and stammered, “Can you, you know, teach me? Like teach me cool art crap and stuff… You know what! Whatever, forget I asked,” Rey could feel her face turn red and she quickly opened one of her notebooks to look like she was doing something other than having the most embarrassing conversation in her life, while Ben still looked like he had been struck dumb. He quickly shook his head and burst out, “Of course I’ll teach you!” as soon as she had looked down. Rey’s head snapped up and her eyes widened, “Really?” “Yes, really! I thought I heard you wrong! A beautiful girl just told me I was a really good artist and asked me to teach her, I’m sorry, but it seemed to come from my imagination, not from your mouth,” Ben’s face turned scarlet when his words caught up to his brain. He coughed and looked at his feet. “You… you think I’m beautiful?” Incredibly, Ben’s face turned an even darker shade of red, “Um, yeah? I’ve been drawing you for the past month, and I would have to say that I have enjoyed myself immensely,” he locked his eyes on his shoes and mumbled, barely in her hearing range, “You have the prettiest smile I’ve ever seen…” Rey’s face was on fire and her heart grew wings. If she had to name the best day of her life, this would be the day without a doubt. She giggled and Ben’s eyes met hers. She beamed at him and he returned a bashful smile. “If you let me look at your drawings, I can tell you what you need to work on,” Ben mumbled shyly at her. Rey could not wipe the smile off of her face as she handed over her small collection of Ben drawings. His eyes widened and he started to laugh, loudly, causing the entire room to look at them. Rey’s brow furrowed and her smile dropped. “What is it?” she demanded. He smirked at her, “So I take it you like my hair?” She rolled her eyes, “Okay, whatever Kylo Ren.” At his dumbfounded expression, Rey laughed hard enough to cause tears to roll down her cheeks. Ben looked significantly mollified by her mirth and uncomfortably shrugged his shoulders, “No one’s supposed to know about that…” “Literally, everyone knows, Ben.” They shared a smile, before looking at what Rey could improve. All the while, Luke beamed at the two with the pleased smile of a successful matchmaker. Chapter 2 : Snoke is a Jerkface Summary: So, the first chapter was really fluffy, but I am sorry to say the way this thing went... Let's just say it gets a little darker. Ben's POV. Notes: Oh!! I have so many ideas for this!! Thank you to everyone who asked for more!! This one's for you guys!! I appreciate everyone's support and those who read and kudoed and commented, you have made my day!! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Ever since Rey had asked him to be her teacher he couldn’t think of anything else. His mind constantly wandered back to the last time they had talked, or the last time she had smiled at him. What he wouldn’t do to keep making her smile. He was smiling stupidly to himself as he sat in the semi-full cafeteria. He sat in the corner away from everyone else. He was staring off into the distance, seeing only Rey’s eyes and wondering how best he could put the light that sparkled deep within them on paper. A noise disrupted his musings. He looked around in a panic, understanding immediately what that sound meant. He grabbed his backpack and hurried towards the exit without a backwards glance at his long forgotten food. “Hey! Hey, Ben! WAIT,” the voice snarled. Ben grunted and lengthened his stride. He was almost there. He was almost safe. But as most things in Ben’s life, he wasn’t getting off that easily. A thin, but surprisingly strong, hand gripped his shoulder and pulled him back. His eyes met the soulless depths of his pursuer’s eyes. He growled, “What do you want, Snoke?” Snoke merely smirked, his twisted, dark smirk, and started to walk around Ben. Behind Snoke, Ben could see his small gathering of goons, ready to jump to their master’s rescue if Ben tried in anyway to defend himself. Snoke eventually finished his small circle and looked up into Ben’s narrowed eyes, “I was only curious about why our good little Kylo Ren was smiling like an idiot with no one else around.” Ben’s face paled. Why can’t I have one good thing in this world that Snoke doesn’t corrupt? “That is none of your business, Snoke,” Ben tried to sound defiant, but came off as resigned. “You see Benny-boy, anything that involves you, involves me,” he smiled with his lips, but not with his eyes, “I will find out, and I will take it from you. That is what I do best, isn’t it, Kylo Ren. ” Before Ben could respond, Snoke turned away with his small gang following him. Ben stormed off back towards his only sanctuary, the art room. Mentally shaken and slightly paranoid, he ran into the empty rooms, door left unlocked in casuse of events like this. It always happened this way, he couldn’t stop it from happening . He went to the cabinet in the corner, not seeing anything else, besides his goal. He tore through the papers and canvases before finding the piece he was looking for. It was dark, mostly greys and blacks. It was only partly done, but helplessness screamed from every scratch of the pencil. Pain bled through every stroke of his paintbrush. Ben’s hands shook, either from passion or fear he did not know, and buried himself in his art. *** Lunch was over and Ben silently set down his paintbrush. The door opened and closed behind him. He did not have to look behind him to know who was there. He could hear soft footsteps and the soosh, soosh of swaying fabric before stopping directly behind him. A soft sigh came over his shoulder, “Ben.” Ben whipped around to face his Uncle Luke. His expression caused Luke to stop what he was going to say and instead looked back at the painting. Luke’s eyes softened, “Ben, that is a powerful painting.” Like a dam bursting from its containment, Ben’s face broke and tears filled his eyes obscuring his vision, “ Luke, please,” he choked out, his head falling into his hands, “ Make him stop.” “I don’t know how, Ben,” Luke’s face was equally angry and downcast as he took his broken, tender nephew into his arms. Ben stiffened, before relaxing into his uncle’s embrace. He had to bend nearly in half to rest his head on his uncle’s shoulders, but as soon as his head rested there, Luke stroked his hair to soothe him, just as he did when Ben was a child and his parents got into a particularly nasty fight. Silent sobs shuddered through Ben’s massive body. His hands left his face to curl around his uncle and clutch his uncle’s robe with his a death grip that spoke more to the fact of his desperate, unspoken plea. Please help me, don’t leave me, I’m scared. ‘ I have you. I won’t leave you. I’m here.’ *** The end of the day was finally here. He would finally see Rey, and he felt like death. His emotions over the past three hours had hardly been manageable and he had spent the class period after lunch with Luke in comfortable silence. It was not the first time he had taken refuge in his uncle’s classroom, and he had a sickening feeling it wasn’t the last either. He hunched down and curled into himself. He heard Rey pull out her chair, but he didn’t look up. “Hey! What’s up?!” Rey exclaimed brightly. Ben glanced up at her smiling face and tried to muster up a convincing smile. It came off more as a grimace. “Hey, are you okay?” Her brow furrowed as she took in his appearance. He looked into her concerned eyes. “I’m fine.” She narrowed her eyes at him. “Honestly Rey, I am fine.” She shrugged her shoulders before standing up. “Where are you going?” “Well, if you are going to teach me, I should probably be where I can see you work right? I can’t very well see you doing some fancy art stuff if I am across the table, can I?” Ben could feel the tips of his ears burning, “I suppose not.” “Right,” she walked around the table and sat all her stuff right next to him. Ben kept his eyes on his work in front of him, even as he was reeling from the change of pace that Rey had put into his routine. What am I going to do? This isn’t how this class works! If Rey could sense his panic, she did a very good job at hiding it. “Hey, Ben?” His head snapped in her direction, before quickly looking down again, “Yeah?” She reached out her small, slender hand to gently rest it on his sleeve, “I just wanted to say that I really appreciate that you’re doing this for me,” he looked into her eyes and saw the deepest sincerity. She offered him a small smile before removing her hand to fiddle with her pencils. “So, are we going to do this or what?” For the first time in a while, Ben felt his heart swell with affection. He slowly smiled and turned towards the piece Rey was working on. *** Rey was getting better. Her lines were more precise, her colors more vibrant, and her people more realistic. Ben looked at her with pride. I taught her how to do that. Look at how well she did her shading! Rey looked up at him and beamed. He smiled back before looking back down at his slightly worn out shoes with pink dusting his cheeks. Their table was haphazardly covered in paper, pencils, and paints all demanding to be used or put away. Ben had just started his piece before setting it aside to help Rey. He looked at his graphite-covered fingers and smiled again. There was nothing he would rather do then help Rey and make her smile. His uncle’s project loomed in the back of his mind, but he pushed it aside in order to see Rey succeed again and again, and rewarding him with one of her sunshine smiles. Ben cleared his throat and looked into her hazel eyes, “I think this is your best work yet,” he hesitated, “In fact, I think your better than I am.” She laughed while he stood in shock. Her laugh is beautiful. I can actually make her laugh! “Oh Ben! Or should I say Kylo?” she winked, joking. His blood froze in his veins. ‘I will take it from you.’ His hands started to shake. The room swayed under his feet. He stared wide-eyed at Rey before glancing over to his uncle who was deep in a conversation with Hux. I have to get out of here. I have to get away. Rey stopped laughing and looked into his eyes. Ben could see her pretty mouth moving, but he couldn’t hear what she was saying. He turned and he ran out the door. Away. I have to get away, NOW. He ran. He ran as fast as he could for as long as he could. He didn’t see anything around him, just the feeling of getting away lead his feet. He stopped when he couldn’t catch his breath. He made it outside somehow and was standing by a river. The water picked its way around several small rocks in the riverbed. Small insects were buzzing in his ears as they lazily danced on the light breeze. Trees shaded him as he sat down at the rivers edge and he could hear their leaves humming a song only they knew. His panic attack was slowly ebbing, but he knew he was still volatile at this point. Ben covered his ears and stuck his head between his knees, assuming that that would help. He took deep breaths in through his nose before releasing it slowly through his mouth. He could hear the hitch in his breath and understood he was close to tears. Ben laughed bitterly. It came out as a huff. Hadn’t I cried enough today?! A branch broke behind him, and he jumped up, heart pumping, thinking that Snoke had found him again. He couldn’t see anyone with his pain-filled eyes. “Who’s there?” it came out weak, and Ben hated himself for it. It had the desired effect, and a slim figure slipped out of the trees behind him. “You rushed out of there pretty quick, and I wanted to make sure you were alright,” Rey wrung her hands before stepping closer to him, “You seem pretty shaken, is there anything I can do for you?” Ben’s heart stopped beating. No one, not even Luke asks me if I’m alright. No one wants to take care of me. Rey… He turned his back on her before she could see the tears spilling out of his eyes. “Ben?” Soft footsteps made their way to him. He felt her small hand brush his shoulder blade. The soft touch made him shudder and close his eyes. “Ben?” The voice came from in front of him this time. He sighed and slowly opened his eyes to look into Rey large, compassionate eyes. Her small hands lifted up towards him and gently, oh so gently, wiped away the tears that fell silently, in continuous streams. Her sweet hazel eyes filled with tears. Why is she crying?! Is she okay?! “Rey?” his deep voice, deeper with emotion and tears, “why are you crying? Are you okay?” At his words, a single tear escaped and ran down her smooth cheek. Ben raised a hand and caught the tear with the tip of his large finger. He silently, but carefully, erased the trail the tear had left on her skin. Rey smiled wetly up into his open, red-rimmed eyes. “Oh, Ben. What happened to you?” she choked out. He froze again. Rey can’t know that. She can’t know. I won’t tell her. Her fingers continuously moved across his face, clearing his tears before slipping into his hair. He sighed and leaned towards her, “ Rey...” “Ben…” He rested his forehead on hers and closed his eyes, enjoying the feeling of Rey’s fingers gently stroking his hair. Please help me, don’t leave me, I’m scared. ‘I have you. I won’t leave you. I’m here.’ Notes: I changed the rating, cause it got darker fast... Let me know if you think it warrants the change! Chapter 3 : Fallouts and Football Summary: What will happen to our two little awkward kids after their little episode by the river? Notes: I really meant this to be a short, fluffy fic, but plot happened... This one ended up being really long too... Rey's POV (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) They stood there for what seemed like hours, their heads resting on each other and Rey’s hands smoothing out Ben’s ebony locks. They hadn’t said a word, but Rey could feel Ben pulling something from her and taking comfort from it. She let him take as much as he needed. This was Ben. Her Ben. Her hands froze mid-stroke. Her Ben? Where had that thought come from? Ben frowned as he pulled away from her. “Are you okay, Rey?” Thankfully he had stopped crying, but his voice was still hoarse. She smiled at him dismissing her wayward thoughts, “Of course I am!” her mood turned serious, “Are you alright, Ben?” He shifted slightly away from her. “Yeah, I’ll be fine,” he spoke to his shoes. She frowned, but didn’t press him. Instead, she reached out and offered him one of her hands. He stared down at it uncomprehendingly. “After crying, I always like to go get some hot chocolate… Would you like to come with me? Maybe?” She didn’t know if it was okay to ask this of him, but she knew deep down in her soul that he shouldn’t be alone. He shrugged and took her offered hand. The moment her skin touched his she felt warm completion in her hand radiating up to her heart, filling its aching holes. She smiled warmly up at him and he answered with one of his small, achingly sweet smiles. She led him by the hand in hers towards the area she normally parked in. Thankfully, it wasn’t too far away. She wasn’t sure if Ben would have made it any further. She unlocked her car and gently pushed Ben in the opened passengers seat. She walked around her old junker car and quickly sat and buckled up. She glanced at her silent companion. His sharp profile was very grave. He stared straight ahead and made no acknowledgment of what had happened between the two of them. His red-rimmed eyes looked tired and worn out. He clenched and unclenched his fists unconsciously. He made no move to buckle his seatbelt. Rey sighed, not wanting to break the silence between them. Instead, she unbuckled before reaching across his tensed torso to grab the seatbelt and buckle him up herself. He didn’t look at her, his tensed jaw the only indication that he had noticed. Rey gently shook her head before re-strapping herself in and starting the car. She backed up and made her way to a small café at the edge of town. The ten-minute drive was tense in the quiet that bordered on uncomfortable. Rey knew that Ben was embarrassed with his break down in front of her and knew that if there was to be conversation, it had to be on his terms. She was content to wait for him to make the first move as she pulled into the nearly empty parking lot. She shut the engine off, before turning and looking at Ben. He was stubbornly looking out the window straight ahead. She shook her head, and left the car before walking around and opening the passenger side door. Ben didn’t acknowledge her. Rey huffed and held out her hand. Ben either did not see her or refused to notice. She rolled her eyes and stuck her head in the car and unbuckled him. She pulled her head out and held out her hand for him to take. He still refused to let her get him out of the car. Rey sighed, “Ben, please.” He slowly turned his head towards her, but still refused to meet her eyes. He shook his head. Her brow furrowed. She could sense his embarrassment and reluctance, but couldn’t understand what he was telling her. “Do you want to stay in the car while I get you something?” His large, puppy eyes met hers. She smiled down at him. “Alright, I’ll be back in a minute.” She gently closed the door again before turning towards the café. The bell chimed, announcing her presence to anyone who cared. The small space was crowed with tables and chairs. Vases of flowers covered every available surface. There were three other customers in varying stages of work or drinking. A small woman with large glasses and a horrible orange spray tan stood behind the register. Her many bracelets clinked and tinkered with every exaggerated wave of her small hands. Spotting Rey in the doorway her eyes widened and a grin broke across her face. “Rey! My darling! Come here and talk to Old Maz.” Rey grinned back at her small friend. “Hey Maz.” “What brings you my way, young one?” Her eyes narrowed, “And during school no less! Now it must be something important.” “Well…” Rey hesitated. She trusted Maz with her life, but this was not her secret to share. “Lets just say that a friend needed some help, and I thought what could help more than some of Maz’s world famous hot chocolate?” Maz laughed loudly, causing the other patrons to glance over curiously. “Now, Rey, you know how to sweet talk Old Maz here.” Rey winked, before joining in Maz’s laughter. “I take it you need two large hot chocolates?” Rey smiled, “That would be preferable.” Maz shrugged and turned to create large hot chocolates topped with whip cream and chocolate syrup. Rey’s mouth watered. Maz had the absolute best hot chocolate for Rey’s notorious sweet tooth. Maz made her way back to Rey with her hands full and placed the drinks on the counter. “Two over-the-top sweet hot chocolates for Rey and her friend .” Maz winked at Rey’s blushing cheeks. “Now, next time you’ll have to tell me all about this special friend.” Rey nodded, still blushing, and reached for her wallet. Maz shook her head, “This one is on the house, darling.” Rey smiled, “Thank you Maz, I won’t forget this!” Maz returned her sweet smile and waved her out of the café. Rey cautiously made her way back to her car with her hands loaded with the two cups and a handful of napkins. She walked around to the passenger side and kicked the door to get Ben to help her with the drinks. Ben jumped at the loud sound, before bashfully opening the door for Rey. She smiled at him. “I hope you like hot chocolate, cause I got us each a large.” She handed him one of the cups with a quick, “Careful, it’s hot.” He tried to smile, but it came off as a grimace as he graciously took the drink and a few napkins from Rey. She then made her way back to the front seat. She situated herself and took a few tentative sips from her sugary concoction of chocolate and hazelnut. She sighed in pleasure. Ben looked over at her small sigh and laughed quietly. Surprised at the sound, Rey whipped her head over to him with her eyes large. He smiled softly at her before gesturing to her face. “You have whipped cream on your nose.” Her cheeks flamed with embarrassment. Before she could do anything about it, Ben reached over the space between them and softly, oh so softly , brushed the white foam off of her nose. His cheeks and ears turned an adorable shade of dark pink. He quickly looked away from her wide eyes and cleared his throat. “Where to now?” Rey quickly blinked away her surprise and cleared her throat. “Well, I could take us back to school, but it is practically over now, so I was going to head home.” She hesitated, “I could take you back, or take you to your house? I don’t know. Do you have a car that you need to get back to, or…?” She trailed off awkwardly. He looked straight ahead as he answered her. “I don’t have a car, but you can drop me off at home, if you’d like.” “Sure! Where do you live?” “I’ll lead you there.” “Alright.” Rey started her car and pulled out of the parking lot. The ride was silent outside of Ben’s quiet directions. Rey pulled into a large house with several trees separating the front yard from the back. She quietly parked her car in his large driveway. They sat in companionable silence for a few moments before Ben started to pack up his stuff to leave her car. Rey was desperate. She needed some acknowledgment of what had happened by the river. She couldn’t explain it, but she knew that Ben was hiding something from her. She knew that something major had to have happened to cause him to break so completely. She wanted to know, but she didn’t want to ask. His hand reached for the handle before Rey could think of something to say. “Wait!” Ben jumped at her shout and turned to look into her eyes. Rey took a deep breath, stealing her nerves. “Wouldyouliketogotothefootballgamewithme?” “What?” Rey fidgeted, “Um, you know, would you like to go to the, um, football game tonight with, um, well…me?” Ben’s eyes widened. Rey quickly backtracked, “I mean, you don’t have to if you don’t want to, but I’m going by myself and I just thought it would be nice to have a friend with me, you know?” Ben’s breathing seemed to stop and his face was completely red. “Ben? Ben, are you okay?” “YES!” Ben squeaked, “Yes, I would like to go with you.” His voice was airy and his face had the complexion of a ripe tomato. “Really?! Okay! Um, I can pick you up, if you want. At seven?” “Yeah. Yeah, seven works.” Ben looked up at her and gave her a small, genuine smile. Rey grinned down at her hands, blush taking over her face. “Alright, seven it is.” “Seven it is.” Ben opened the door and got up and waved at her before disappearing into his giant house. Rey laughed at loud in the silence of her car. Heck yeah!! I have a freaking date with Ben Freaking Solo!! She wiggled her butt in her seat and pumping her fist in the air as a small victory dance. She turned on the radio and blasted it out her open windows as she drove to her house, already planning the outfit she could wear for tonight. *** Rey pulled into Ben’s driveway at 6:58, and debated whether or not to go to the front door when Ben popped out of the front door and walked to the car with his shoulders to his ears and his hands in his pocket. Rey had a nice view of him as he made his way to the passenger side door. He looked very nice with his black combat boots, staple black jeans, and a black leather jacket pulled over a white T-shirt. His hair looked freshly combed. Rey blushed, Very nice, indeed . Ben pulled open the door and slid into the seat and strapped in, before turning and looking at Rey. She looked down at her outfit. She had on brown combat boots, soft with use, skinny blue jeans, and a red flannel on top of a grey T-shirt. Her hair was down, out of her usual up-dos. She had minimal make-up that highlighted her large eyes and pouting lips. He smiled at her and she smiled back. “You look nice.” His deep voice filled the small car they were in. Rey blushed furiously. “Thank you. You look pretty nice yourself.” She looked at him out of the corner of her eye. He blushed hard at her words and murmured a small thanks . Rey pulled out of his driveway and set off to the football stadium. *** Rey and Ben made their way into the student section of the bleachers. They were a little late, and the student section was very crowded. They eventually found a place where they could sit, though they would most likely be standing the entire game. The environment invigorated Rey. She could feel her blood pumping in her ears as the team prepared to start. She turned to Ben and grinned into his slight grimace. The spot they were standing in caused them to stand close, given that Ben was so large. Their shoulders brushed every time one of them moved, and Rey could not be happier than she was at that moment. The noise enveloped them. The teams yelling on the field, the crazed fans cheering, and the band blasting the school fight song. Rey joined in the cheering at every pass and tackle. Ben kept quiet, simply watching the field and Rey’s excitement. At halftime the student section sat down to enjoy the cheerleaders and dance teams that would perform. Ben and the girls to Rey’s left sat down first, leaving her very little room to squeeze in. She sat down, not noticing, and landed on the outside of Ben’s thigh. She squeaked in embarrassment and hurriedly turned to apologize to him. He looked just as embarrassed as she did and quickly brushed off her apologies. He shifted a little ways away from her, trying to put some space between them, but the crowed space guaranteed that they were hip to hip. Rey could see the faint blush that grazed Ben’s cheekbones. Though it could be that it’s getting a little chilly , Rey admitted to herself, rubbing her hands up and down her covered arms. Her flannel was really not warm. Ben noticed her movement and shifted a little closer to her, offering his body warm for her to use. She greedily took all that he offered her. She smiled up into his dark eyes. “So how are you enjoying the game, Ben?” He shrugged, “The game is alright. It’s really the company I’m enjoying.” He blushed harder, though the smile never left his face. Rey beamed. “I can’t complain about the company either.” She leaned more into his side, soaking up his offered warmth. Ben smiled fondly at the top of her head. “What do you like about coming to these games?” “Well, I like that people get tackled, I really do enjoy that. And Finn’s on the team.” Ben tensed next to her. Rey leaned more into him, reassuring him without words. “He was my first friend ever, and though we don’t really talk anymore, I feel like I should support him in all he does.” She made a face at the empty field. “I guess that’s what friends do.” “What do you mean that you don’t really talk? I though you guys were inseparable.” Ben’s concerned voice touched Rey. “I thought so, too, but now he’s on the football team, and ‘the team comes first, Rey’.” She air quoted with her fingers. “I suppose that you just have to move on sometimes, and this was the easiest way for him to move on from me. Now he has the team and Poe ,” she spat it out like a dirty word, “and he doesn’t deign to walk in the same circles as me anymore.” Ben’s eyes filled with compassion and concern at her resigned voice. “Rey. If I were ever lucky enough to be close to you, I would never look for a way to move on from you.” She turned wide hazel eyes to his open, honest expression. Her eyes filled with tears. She grinned as wide as she could at his face before throwing her arms around him and whispering in his ear, “thank you, thank you”. One of his arms slowly rose up from where they were resting in his lap and placed it on her shoulder blade. She pulled away from him slowly. She looked into his impossibly kind eyes and knew those were the eyes she always wanted to find. Everyone around them stood up, leaving them in their tension filled bubble. Rey’s breath caught in her throat. She had no idea what they were doing, or what was going to happen. The tension broke with the loud cheer preceding the players onto the field. They quickly stood up, and Rey missed Ben’s body heat warming up her chilly arms. She looked at the players warming up and wrapped her arms around her body. She felt a weight on her shoulders and warmth envelop her. She glanced at her shoulders and saw black leather. She turned to Ben and saw that he was in only his white T-shirt. She smiled into the jacket letting Ben’s heat and scent surround her. *** They walked back to Rey’s car in silence. Their school had won and the other students were yelling and running all around their quiet bubble. They both slipped into her car and followed the heavy traffic leaving the parking lot. The quiet was not uncomfortable between them. Rey just liked knowing that Ben was next to her, sitting in the same car, breathing the same air. She smiled and leaned over and flipped on the radio, letting soft jazzy music fill the air. Michael Buble’s soft voice floated in the space between them on the road leading to Ben’s house. The heavens open every time she smiles And when I come to her, that’s where I belong I’m running to her like a river’s song. Rey swayed with the romantic tune, singing softly with the familiar lyrics. She’s got a fine sense of humor when I’m feeling low down And when I come to her when the sun goes down Takes away my trouble, takes away my grief Takes away my heartache in the night like a thief. Rey glanced over to Ben to find him staring at her with a confused intensity. She stuttered on the lyrics before facing the road again. It’ll make me feel righteous, make me feel whole Make me feel mellow down in my soul. Rey pulled into Ben’s driveway as the last notes swirled in the air around them. She parked her car and turned to look into Ben’s intense eyes. “I like that song.” Ben whispered, surprising her. She smiled softly at him. “Me too.” He smiled back at her, matching her expression. “Thank you for taking me. I had…fun.” “I’m glad. I had…fun, as well.” She smiled teasingly at him. He reached for the door to step out, but Rey stopped him with a hand on his arm. “Aren’t you going to let me walk you to the door?” She winked at him. OH MY HECK! I JUST WINKED AT BEN SOLO! WHAT AM I DOING!? He looked at her, dumbfounded, before nodding. She smiled and climbed out of her seat, with Ben’s jacket still around her shoulders. She reached his side of the car just as he was scrambling out. She smiled and started to walk towards his door with Ben close to her side. They climbed the stairs together and paused right before the door. “Thank you, Ben, for such a great night.” She smiled genuinely up at his slightly shocked, but pleased face. “Oh! Let me give you your jacket!” She started to shake his jacket off of her shoulders, but his hands stopped her movements. “No, no, no! Keep it. It suits you.” Ben’s face flushed at her upturned confused face. “Ben,” Rey teased, “I can’t take your nice leather jacket. But if you had an old hoodie somewhere, I would gladly steal that. That means I can wear it more.” She winked at him, again?!, before handing him his jacket and walking back to her car. She turned back around once she was half way down the entryway. “Bring it to class on Monday. Goodnight, Ben!” She laughed and ran the rest of the way to her car, leaving Ben shocked, with a small smile on his lips. Notes: Please let me know what you guys think... The song that is quoted is Crazy Love sung by Michael Buble. It's a beautiful, romantic song and I would suggest listening to it. :) If any of you are interested, these are the outfits that I was thinking of when they went to the football game :) http://www.polyvore.com/cgi/set?id=215631148