Summary: Tatooine | 5 BBY He's on another trek through hyperspace on another mass transit shuttle, Coruscant to Tatooine, beings packed into the silver ship so tightly that Cassian can hardly breathe. His jacket's hot on his shoulders, and the small stack of Alliance holo-chips feel heavy in his pocket in more ways than one as he scans the cabin. Two stormtroopers today, posted by the airlock. They stand still as statues in their white duraplast and faceless helmets. Their blasters gleam in the low light. Mon told him that if he could, he should make contact with Senator Gadot from Tiisheraan on this run. There are rumors of new Imperial labor camps on the Tiish moons. The senator and her bodyguards are all the way across the cabin, but she stands, holding onto one of the balance poles just like Cassian, rather than claiming a seat. He likes that. He can see why Mon trusts her. He isn't sure he trusts her yet, but that's all right. That's not his job. This is: making his way through the transport, a step at a time, until he's next to Gadot's first guard. The Duro is tall and as unreadable as anyone else of their species, those eyes something Cassian has never learned to interpret beyond watching me/watching someone else . Right now, they're watching him. He smiles, and the ship banks a curve. Cassian's hands find the pole to brace himself, palms landing just above the senator's. Gadot looks over at him, her face registering disapproval until she notices the small starbird on the top button of Cassian's coat. Her eyes widen for just a moment, and then she opens her hand under his. Cassian steps back with a sheepish smile at the guard, raising his hands placatingly. "Sorry, Madam Senator," he demurs. "I lost my balance." "Happens to the best of us," the Senator says kindly. "Public transport is always choppier than I remember." "Yes, ma'am," Cassian says. "It does seem rougher every day." Gadot inclines her head. "That it does. I will keep that in mind." Cassian lets himself drift back toward the aft hatch of the shuttle. There are still ten minutes to landing, but he doesn't like sticking around. He doesn't like being this close to the troopers, but it's probably safer in the long run than refusing to meet their eye-line. Casual. The senator in her finery is a rarity on this shuttle route. Most of the beings in the crowd are wearing clothing only slightly above what Cassian would consider rags, the Coruscanti poor emigrating to Tatooine to beg for work on moisture farms or seek out new lives in oasis villages or the hardscrabble tenements of Mos Eisley. The factory workers of the Empire, in their black uniforms, are neat and tidy, but look wan. Sick. They're the third human-cattle shipment to the Outer Rim that Cassian has seen this week. The Emperor must be gearing up for something big. Cassian misses solid ground and looking up at the sky instead of out at it. He misses traveling in his own ship with Kay-Tu. Public transportation is rancor shit, even if the shuttles do all run on time under Palpatine's rule, and Cassian understands why an Imperial droid would be obvious and out of place. With Cassian traveling on his own, these interplanetary flight missions have proven as useful for recruitment as Mon and the others had hoped, but Cassian hasn't had a break in months. As choppy as the big oversize shuttles are, he's so used to them now he'll have jelly-legs the next time he spends any time on-planet. The blue streaks of hyperspace blur together in a flash of white, and then Tatooine rises out of a star field toward the ship. He stays out of the senator's way – out of her bodyguards' way – as everyone disembarks. Time will tell if the lead was successful; he doesn't need to stick around and get reckless. He has passage booked on the next flight out, two docking bays down. From Tatooine, he'll head to Dantooine to check the probes at the old base. His next assignment will come through from Mon or Draven there. He tries to get a bead on the factory workers disembarking after the Senator so that he can transmit as much information to Mon as he can at the next secure site. There are a lot of children on this run. Small hands, detail work. Cassian hopes they aren't bound for the Tiish moon. A flare of anger knots up in Cassian's chest, but he has to smooth it over. There are more troopers here, lingering around transports and checking flight manifests as pilots exit their ships. The spaceport at Mos Eisley is a blast of dry heat, but even that is a welcome change after hours of humid recycled breath. "So I'm a choppy pilot, huh?" Cassian snaps around and takes an immediate step back as he registers the pilot of the transport, arms crossed over her chest, grinning at him. She's got a single curl of long black hair streaming across her face in the dry desert breeze. The rest of her hair is in a tight regulation bun like all of the other Empire pilots, her black uniform collar sharp enough to use as a weapon. "I'm sorry?" Cassian manages. The pilot laughs. "You don't have to look so scared. It was funny." She sticks out a hand. "Shara Bey." "Jorge." Her hand is cool and steady in his, and he knows that his palm is cool and steady, too – lots of practice giving fake names. "Jettson." "I've seen you before," Shara says. "On my ships. This is the second time this month, isn't it?" "Is it?" Cassian licks his lip. "Well, I feel even worse for saying anything about your skills." Shara raises one eyebrow. A scar runs through it, a pale white line against her skin. Cassian immediately forces himself to meet her gaze again. "You make a lot of trips to the Rim," she says. "Doesn't seem to matter what port we're headed for, though." "People everywhere need the latest tech," Cassian shrugs. "Even out here." His cover is better when Threepio is with him, a walking sales pitch for Cassian's programming abilities, but protocol droids are large enough that many flights are charging for his passage these days. The Resistance isn't made of credits. Shara Bey tips her face closer to Cassian's. "Like those chips in your pocket, no?" Cassian's hand twitches toward his belt, and Shara's eyes follow the motion, just as quick. She leans back, hands raised. "Relax, pal." "What do you want?" Cassian keeps his face close, too, his lips barely moving. Shara's face settles into something serious. "I might be in the market for some of that new tech, myself." Cassian looks up into her eyes, and here comes the stare-down. Around them, the spaceport buzzes with activity and the heavy footfalls of stormtroopers in their armor, stomping past in perfect rhythm. She doesn't blink. Just watches him right back. "I heard the other thing you told the senator," she says, finally. "And it is rougher. Every day." Cassian looks away. They shouldn't be doing this here – he knows better, he should just give her a chip and go. "You must need pilots," Shara says, and when he looks back at her she's biting her lip. Cassian palms a holo-chip and reaches out for her hand. He lifts it to his mouth and brushes a kiss across the back. "A good droid salesman always needs someone who knows what pilots want." Under his lips, Shara's hand tenses as she closes her fist around the chip. "Are you staying here?" The question seems to surprise her on its way out, and she sticks her hands in her pockets, rocks on the balls of her feet, the first time she's seemed nervous during the entire exchange. "Sorry, that's a stupid question, I meant – are you here a little longer? I could go for something to eat." Her mouth purses. "Someone to talk to about… droid tech." Cassian looks up and checks the bay for any encroaching Imperial officers. This pilot, Shara Bey, doesn't look like she's detaining him, though. She looks – desperate. Cassian knows that desperation, that need to know that someone, anyone, anywhere, is doing something . "Okay," he says. "I can get the next flight out." "If you have to go, I get it." Shara's face shifts back to steely composure in a second. "I don't want to keep you." Cassian smiles. "No, it's all right. What is technology for if not to help people? You look like a person who needs some help." "Maybe I'm a person who thinks I could be of some help," Shara says lightly. "Let me grab my things, and we can go." Cassian watches as she turns to head back into the cockpit, the anti-hijack maglock sealing behind her. She could be calling in Imperial reinforcements right now, uploading his chip to Vader himself. But for some reason, he trusts that she's not. She's back in less than a minute, slinging a decidedly non-regulation jacket over one shoulder and balancing a duffel bag on her hip. "Don't like leaving my things around," she explains as they leave the transport behind. All the bars in this spaceport look the same to Cassian, but Shara passes two without a glance before heading into the third. If anything, this hole in the wall looks grungier than the last. But there are only a couple of troopers inside, right up at the bar, and the cozy booths set into the far walls give more privacy than he was expecting. Shara looks at the tall Duro behind the bar and nods. "L'ulo, you all right?" "Been better," he shrugs, with a nearly imperceptible tilt of his chin toward the troopers huddled in the two end seats. One is still wearing their helmet, but the second has his helmet off so that he can drink from a tall glass of something amber and frothy. He stares at Cassian with flat-eyed defiance. "Hopefully it'll clear up soon," Shara agrees, pleasant and casual. She tilts her head to indicate Cassian beside her. "Same as always. Get my new friend Jorge my usual, too, por favor." "Will do." The Duro nods. Shara leads the way toward a booth in the back, shoving her duffel bag under the table against the wall and sliding into the stained cushions, surveying Cassian. "L'ulo was a pilot in the Clone Wars," she explains. "Since nonhumans can't get transpo licenses… this is as close as he can get. It's hard to be away from ships once you've flown." Cassian rubs the back of his neck, glancing around them. Everything seems business as usual – maybe he can really let his guard down for half a second, breathe easy and eat something to kill the headache he's had since this morning. "If you like flying," he says. "True enough," Shara says. "Sometimes it's nice to get your feet on the ground, I guess. Depending on where you land." That might be the truest thing Cassian's heard today. The Duro from the bar comes over with drinks, and a plate of what looks like bread, sticky with butter and herbs. It smells like straight grease and makes Cassian's stomach growl. He raises the glass to her. "I'll drink to that." The liquor is sharp and strong when Cassian kisses his first sip. "Have you been flying transports long?" Cassian asks, setting his glass down and fussing with the cuff of his jacket. It's fraying, which he always forgets until he's drinking and needs something to focus on. "Since I passed the exam," Shara says. "Almost two years. It's steady work." "You like it," Cassian says. "Don't you? The flying bit." Shara's eyes shine, and the bar is dim enough that it can't be the light, and her shot glass is still almost full, so it can't be the liquor. "I love it," she says. "That moment you're breaking into lightspeed? It's almost like being free." "Or being torn apart," Cassian shrugs, but he can't help grinning at her sincerity. Shara grins and takes another little sip of her drink. "If you've got a choppy pilot." "Or a clunker like those transports," Cassian points out. "They can't be fun to maneuver." Shara raises her eyebrows and nods at that. "Claro. I have my mother's old A-wing from the Clone Wars... she's old, but she still flies like a dream." "Your mother flew in the Clone Wars?" Cassian finishes his drink and immediately wishes he hadn't. There's nothing to do with his hands but fidget. "Just a few relief missions," Shara says. "But she always says that she saw Padmé Amidala once at a spaceport." Half the galaxy thinks they've seen Amidala at a spaceport – she's an urban legend at this point – but somehow Cassian believes Shara. And the important part is: she has her own ship. He lowers his voice and leans in closer to her. "We could always use a good pilot with a good ship." Shara looks him over appraisingly. "Now you're willing to talk? No more tech?" "I do work with tech," Cassian says, and smiles. "A good droid is a good droid, no matter where it came from, if you're a better programmer." "You work with tech, but your job is to be a people person," Shara says, slowly. "And you're good at it, but you don't like it very much, do you?" "That sounds like you're a people person." Cassian laughs. "I don't hate talking to people." "Just flying?" It's the liquor that has Cassian glance up at her from under his lashes, still smiling. "Only when it's a choppy pilot." Shara Bey laughs and shoves his shoulder once. Cassian sways with the punch, lets the momentum bring him back a little closer to her. He doesn't mean anything by it: he isn't dumb, she doesn't seem entirely interested, and he's never sloppy on the job. But it's nice to pretend for a minute, to act like two normal humans in a sketchy bar, drinking shitty drinks. Shara drinks the last of her shot, finally, and runs her tongue over her lips. Cassian wants to say something – wants to say just the right thing – but the clatter of duraplast armor behind him makes him look over his shoulder. The bare-headed trooper jams his helmet back over his face, and he and his companion both jump to attention, facing the door. "Kriff!" he hisses under his breath. An Imperial officer, olive-brown uniform so sharply creased the man looks like he could take off like a kite if a stiff wind came by, enters the bar with his little cap in his hands. His hair is parted as severely as his coat is pressed. Shara follows his gaze. "Would he recognize you?" She asks, her voice low, perfectly controlled. "I recognize him." Cassian tries not to move his lips as he looks for a back exit. "Not a nice guy." Shara's hand curls over his knee under the table. "L'ulo can't have trouble in here, we should go." "Is there a quiet way?" Shara purses her lips. "Maybe." She seems to catch the Duro's eye and bites her lip briefly before pushing Cassian out of the booth. "There's a window in the restrooms." "The restrooms —" Shara grabs his hand and tugs him behind her toward the back of the bar. Her hand is small in his, fingers wrapped tight around his like he might fight her on this. She moves fast like she's still in flight, dodging a service droid carrying a full tray of drinks. Cassian ducks behind her, follows as best he can, although he doesn't think she'd be above dragging him. She pushes him into the restroom and locks the door behind them. "So is this something you do every day?" She asks as she looks around for something they can stand on to reach the high window. "Escape Imperial high directors?" "Only on the bad days," Cassian grimaces. Shara looks back at him, tucks a strand of hair behind her ear. "You make a girl feel real special, Jorge." Cassian grins. "This isn't a bad day." Shara laughs. "You're telling me that isn't an Imperial high director?" "No," Cassian says, and he weaves his fingers together so Shara can get a boost up to unlock the window. "That's the Grand Director." Shara shakes her head, as her fingers struggle with the lock, her boot heel digging into Cassian's palm. "You're right, this isn't a bad day, it's a terrible day." Her hand slips on the stuck latch. "Kriff this," she mutters, and she takes the blaster pistol from its holster on her hip. "Force," Cassian swears, "You do that, they'll be here in a second. Switch places with me?" Shara grumbles, but holsters her blaster again and jumps down. She braces her knees and lets Cassian step into the basket of her hands so he can hop up. It takes him a moment, but Cassian hasn't spent years with his hands in the bowels of every droid model still working to not be able to spring a rusty window lock. "Got it!" He grins down at Shara. "Do you need me to pull you up after me?" "I shouldn't," Shara says, and she sounds genuinely – not sorry, but like she wishes she could run away from this place, too. "I have another flight in a few hours." "You could—" Cassian stops himself. He isn't stupid. Still, he can't help but ask: "You're sure?" Pilot First Class Shara Bey smiles up at him and boosts him up high enough that he can get a good grip on the outer window ledge. "I'll see you again," she says. "I believe that." "I hope so," Cassian says. "Thank you." Shara pats her pocket. "No, thank you." He nods, and lets himself take in her determined face for a moment. The quirk of her mouth, the stubborn angle of her chin. The little freckle in her eye, just beside her pupil. He's met so many people doing this job that all the faces begin to run together, but somehow it's important that he remembers hers. And then he's out the window, making the drop to the dusty Tatoo ground. He'll head for the Mos Eisley cantina and try to hitch a ride to Mos Espa. There's still work to do. Yavin 4 | 3 BBY The rainy season on Yavin lasts half of its rotation: it's a gentle rain, warm and steady, but Cassian is sick of rain. His feet are pruned in his boots, and the callouses on his hands from the weaponry they're training with are soft and sore, tearing off too easily and leaving raw pink skin behind. "I'm eating without you," Kes Dameron, Pathfinder trainee, Rebel for just shy of two years, warns him, hunched over a small can of cooking fuel at the back of their shelter. It's Pathfinder training – there are precious few supplies, but they've had a lucky day, finding a standing corner of a decayed stone wall to use as support for a lean-to. They'd managed to get stakes into the soft ground and stack Jakaw fronds to make a third wall. Kes has a small tarp in his rucksack, so they stretch it between the stone ruin and the jakaw branches with more of the broad, waxy green leaves on top to make a nearly waterproof roof. Cassian turns from surveying the hazy wet and dark green of the jungle. "Don't you dare, Private," he mutters. "I'm your commanding officer. I can leave you out here without your boots in the dead of night, if I want." "Then come in," says Kes. He looks up from the tiny blue glow of the fuel. "Pick a ration, any ration." "What're you having?" Cassian asks. Kes gestures to the clear packet resting on his knee. "I think it's supposed to be a stew? It's the one we've got the most of." He gestures to the watertight box at his feet, where the rest of the rations are stacked in their vacuum-sealed skins. "Sounds good." Cassian ducks back into the shelter structure and lets the camouflaging jakaw fronds fall into place like a door. They should be completely hidden from stormtroopers, in theory, but there won't be any in the Yavinese jungle. The Empire has no use for Yavin Four; all that exists here are hulking shells of stone temples from a dead religion and overgrown jungles with entirely too many types of birds. What Cassian and Kes do need to worry about is whether they're completely hidden from the other Pathfinder training crews out tonight. They're hunting each other, after all, everyone playing both sides to make it back to the Command Center last and whole. It's Kes' final exercise before he can be read into classified ops – Crater, Crystal, Desert Bantha. He and Cassian have been living out of each other's pockets for the last thirteen months, and after Cassian signs off on Kes' rank approval, they may never see each other again. Kes bites open the plasti-pack and pours the contents into their little pot, adds water from his canteen and puts it over the eye of the burner. "While you were finishing the roof I ran the periphery," he tells Cassian. "I don't think anyone's going to be looking over here. I spotted a campfire but it was a good five klicks south, down by one of the waterfalls." "Good," Cassian says. He pulls out his datapad and checks for the stake reports from the other trainers. "Did you notice Melshi and Tonc up at the top of the temple on the river? They can see this quadrant with their scopes." "Kriff," Kes swears. "No." Cassian resists a smile. It shouldn't be a laughing matter, but Kes is usually good at this, and seeing his frustration with himself makes Cassian feel strangely fond. "Well, we haven't been color-tagged," Cassian says. "So they haven't noticed the structure yet. Do you want to move to higher ground or hope the camo is good?" Kes rubs at his face, stirs the pot with their single spoon. "It is good. I checked it at least three times from every angle. I think we should sleep here and then move early, before they're up. Maybe even go after them. They wouldn't expect us." Cassian nods and powers down the datapad after a quick check-in note to Kay-Tu. They've been out for almost three standard weeks now without a charge, and it's running low. He doesn't put it past the droid to come out into the jungle after him if he loses power entirely and can't send a note at the end of the day, even if Kay-Tu's motivation would be more 'boredom' than 'concern.' Kes pours the steaming and rehydrated stew into a cup and hands it to Cassian. "Enjoy." Cassian takes the stew and bites back a smile. Whatever this stuff is, it mustn’t have been enjoyable to a human palate even before being freeze-dried. He watches as Kes repeats the process to make himself a cup of the gunky mess. "Maybe by this time next week we'll have real food," Kes says, cheerily. "Maybe," Cassian agrees. Kes grins over at him. "We've only got to tag out three more teams. You wanna make it a bet?" "It's not something to bet on," Cassian says, as sternly as he can muster. "This is life and death, Private Dameron, not a game of Dejarik." Kes nudges Cassian's knee with his own. "Like you and the other officers haven't made your bets on us already." Cassian had, in fact, wagered half his next credit transfer on Kes being the last to get knocked out of training, after just two days with him. It was a stupid thing to do, and he's still not sure if it's going to backfire spectacularly. Cassian hasn't gambled on any of his other partners, if Mon ever asks him about it,. Melshi looked shocked when Cassian entered the pool. Rarely has Cassian even communicated with the other Pathfinder ranks on these final tests beyond the stake notices at the end of day, preferring to keep to himself and run his trainees like they're on a real op: hard, harsh, and quiet. Kes is different. Kes makes Cassian different. "You're not supposed to know about that," Cassian says, tilting his cup to get the last of the stew down to his mouth. Kes laughs. "We all know. Some of the other officers aren't exactly subtle about it." He glances at Cassian, oddly shy. "Anyway, however it shakes out, I'll try not to embarrass you." Cassian doesn't know how to interpret the sincerity in Kes' gaze. So he ignores it, putting the fluttering in his stomach down to crappy stew, and busies himself with unlacing his boots. "I know you won't, Private. You're one of the best trackers I've ever seen." "Ah, so you did bet on me." Kes' smile expands until it tugs at his eyes, his entire face crinkling. "Kay-Tu needs upgrades," Cassian lies. "I need the credits." He pulls off his boot and examines the swelling on his three broken toes. Kes hums, unperturbed. "I'm going to set the cups out for a minute to wash, I'll be back." He takes the pot and their two mugs, and the small snap-up bin that they use to collect drinking water. He's gone for maybe five minutes, and Cassian stretches out in the lean-to. It's just big enough for them to lie down side-by-side when it's time for sleep, and he spares a jealous thought for his private room and camp cot back at base. There's water in Kes' hair when he returns, like he left his hood down again. The water clings to his strong nose – crooked where he broke it as a child, the first story he ever told Cassian – and the sturdy cut of his jaw. He shakes out the pot and cups, and crouches by Cassian. "We can fill up our canteens in the morning," he says. "I got something for your feet." He extends his palm, shows off three skinny, waxy leaves. They're triangle-shaped, like little spears, and oozing pinkish sap or nectar where he cut them off from the stem. "You didn't have to do that," Cassian says, and his stomach wriggles again. He still hasn't decided where the embarrassment comes from when Kes does nice things for him, but he's been choosing to pin it on a sense of umbrage that anyone thinks he needs their help. He's been taking care of himself since he was six years old, and he's dealt with worse than a few broken toes. And yet. "Let me see," Kes demands easily, crouching down and tugging at the hem of Cassian's trousers. Cassian leans back and lets Kes manipulate his ankle. "If you want to deal with the smell, then may the Force be with you." Kes tugs Cassian's foot up to rest on his knee, and runs his thumbs up the arch. It's ticklish, making Cassian huff. "You say that lightly," Kes observes. "You don't believe in it?" He checks each bone, like he doesn't trust Cassian's assessment that the issue is simply his toes. "I don't see a reason." Cassian tries not to squirm as Kes' strong fingers work. "There are no more Jedi. Does it matter if there is the Force?" "I'd say it matters to all the people who still believe in it," Kes shrugs. "And the people who have died for it." They've heard about the destruction of holy cities across the galaxy, the fact that Imperial troops have even been sent to Jedha. Kes squeezes out the sap from the leaves across Cassian's toes and wraps them with his bandana, keeping them straight. "Try not to put weight on it again until we leave tomorrow?" "What, did you find bacta out in the jungle?" "Sort of." Kes looks proud of himself. "We had these plants back home. My wife's father was a medic in the Clone Wars; he taught us all kinds of natural remedies. This won't act as a painkiller like bacta, but sábila is anti-inflammatory and will start to knit the bones." Cassian tries not to look too impressed. Kes grins like he already knows, and Cassian shouldn't encourage him. "I guess we'll see tomorrow how well it works." Cassian tugs his pant-leg back down to his ankle and shifts until he's sitting comfortably with his foot still elevated. "If you have more, I can look at your shoulder. Don't think I didn't notice." Kes nods. The fact he isn't fighting it means it must be worse than he's letting on. He hands over the last leaf and turns, shucking his shirt over his head. His arm cracks with the motion, and Cassian winces in sympathy. And then winces again at himself, staring too long at Kes' broad shoulders without doing anything about the ragged injury across one shoulder blade. Kes isn't a big man, probably doesn't weigh much more than Cassian does, but he's shorter and broader, sturdy in a way Cassian will never be. The back of Kes' shoulder is swollen, scraped and raw. The skin is a tatter of oozing liquid and bits of bark and the sharp green needles from the spiky tree that Kes skinned up to track Raner's squadron trapped in the unclean cuts. At least he color-tagged them both before he fell. Another two people out of the running. "How bad is it?" Kes asks, craning his neck to look at Cassian. "Not great, but not likely to get infected." Cassian breaks open the thick, strange pod and examines the pinkish nectar inside. The leaf itself has a texture discomfortingly like skin – almost how Cassian's always imagined a Hutt might feel. "Will it scar?" Kes stretches, trying to parse the pain. "At least it's not my face, my wife's always said she married me for my looks." Cassian's jaw clenches for the barest second. "No, it won't scar. Didn't really break the skin... you're not even bleeding. Just a lot of debris." Kes seems to realize that the joke fell flat, and his tone is considerably more sober when he speaks again. "Can you clean it out?" "I think so." Cassian wishes that his fingers were cleaner, for Kes' sake. "It'll hurt like shit." "That's why we have liquor, right?" Kes' laughter sounds tight, and he hunches over his knees. "Just do it, please." Cassian takes hold of the first barbed spine caught in the mesh of Kes' skin, and pulls. Kes grunts, low and punched from his chest. Cassian swallows. "We don't have liquor." "If you're telling me you threw out the flask in my boot, I might cry," Kes grits out. Cassian scrapes some fragile bark out of a wider cut with the blunt edge of his knife, and Kes groans again. "At least talk to me, man." He inhales, his ribs shifting under skin and muscle. He has dimples on either side of his spine where his tailbone dips into his trousers. "I don't know what to say," Cassian says, because it's the most honest thing he has. He's never wanted to talk to anyone on a mission before. Kes has his hands on his knees, his fingers spreading and contracting. They're shorter than Cassian's, thicker-knuckled, with short blunt nails Cassian has watched him scrub clean. He wears a single white-silver band on his left hand. It's beaten up, like the metal is cheap. Soft. "Cassian?" "Sorry, what?" "I asked how long you've been doing this." "Since I was six years old." Cassian abandons the knife and decides to pull out all of the needle-leaves first. He'll come back for the small bits of bark and dirt afterwards. "Soy festano." And he is, still, from Fest. Even though he hasn't seen that planet from the ground in eighteen years. Everyone knows what happened on Fest eighteen years ago, of course. Or at least, they know the rumors. Cassian could assure them that reality was worse. "Mierda," Kes says, and somehow Cassian is very sure he isn't reacting to Cassian digging through the scrapes on his back. "Yo soy chacaoense. Qué chévere es conocer a alguien que hable parecido, ¿no?" Cassian knew where Kes was from, of course. It’s in his file. But the other man is right, it’s nice to hear the familiar words, even from a different accent. He nods. Kes takes it as encouragement, plowing forward. "Since you were six, shit. Have you ever taken a break?" Cassian pauses. It's a different sort of question. Most of the time, if he gets this far into the conversation, the response goes one of two ways: the person says they're sorry or asks if he still has family on Fest. Their reaction is never really directed at Cassian. "Taken a break from what?" Cassian asks. "My life? No." Kes is quiet for a long time after that, the only sound their hushed breathing, the uncomfortable sound of raw skin being picked clean. "You can't be much older than I am," Kes says, suddenly. Cassian is nearly done, was just thinking thankfully that they can go to bed and put the conversation to rest, too. "Probably not," Cassian says. "Rebels tend to be very young or very old. Not many of us make it in-between." "Can I ask, then?" "Ask what?" Cassian flicks another sap-sticky needle off of his fingers. Kes is bleeding now, hot onto Cassian's hand. "How old you are." Kes seems more subdued now, whether by the pain or Cassian shutting down his earlier question so completely. "Twenty-three Standards," Cassian says. His knife opens again with a soft snick and he runs the dull edge of the blade over the blue flame still glowing from their dinner. "Treintaidós años festanos. I don't know why I still count it." Kes makes a low noise, watching Cassian clean the blade in his peripheral vision. "Do they celebrate name days on Fest?" "I don't remember," Cassian says. There are vague impressions: kisses on his cheeks and the smell of butter on his mother's hands. But that could have been another day. It could have been a wish. "Mon sends me a holocard and some credits every year." "They're a big deal on Chacao. We celebrated my abuelita's ninetieth just before I came here." Kes sounds fond – and hurt, his voice tight, his shoulders hunching around his ears. "That – sounds nice," Cassian says haltingly. This falls perilously close to what he's always considered small talk . He doesn't know how to hear about someone's life without asking, How does this help the Rebellion? . "Oh, she hated it." Kes laughs. "She grumbled the entire time: the cake was too dry, the music was too loud, there were too many children pestering her for stories. The rest of us loved it, though." "I haven't had a cake since I was an Imperial aide," Cassian says. He holds tight onto Kes' good shoulder as a brace, and warning, that the worst is about to come. The wound is nearly clean, but he'll need to cauterize it. "You were an Imperial aide?" Kes sounds more amused than surprised, his tone lighter than it was just a moment before. "I was a spy." Cassian lets the flat of his blade cook in the stove's fuel flame until it glows red. "For almost a year, I slept on Khutebha cotton sheets and ate nerf steaks with politicians. And all I got for the trouble was a sarcastic droid." "Kay-Tu's not so bad," Kes says. "Hey, give me a count for that, please, Captain?" Cassian nods. "You ready?" Kes takes a deep breath through his teeth and holds it. "Three, two, one." Cassian lays the flat of the red-hot blade against the raw skin and sweeps like spreading blue butter on toast. Kes doesn't say anything, just exhales slowly through his nose. Cassian frowns at the ugliness of the mark against Kes' golden soft skin. "Do you think that – gel, from the plant, that it would help soothe a burn?" "Yeah," Kes says. "Please." Cassian reaches across the tiny space of the lean-to for the last half of the quivering leaf. It's already begun to wilt, softer and slimier inside than when he first broke it open. "Thank you," Kes says, slowly. "For doing this." Cassian shrugs, and then, belated, says, "Can't send you back to your wife half-dead and disfigured, can I." "I'd prefer not to be half-dead," Kes agrees. "She's already a lot prettier than me." Cassian finds that hard to believe, honestly. He's careful, smearing a thick layer of sap over the wound, and then wiping his fingers clean. "All right. Just be sure to sleep on your other side so it can breathe." "Right." Kes gives his shoulders a tentative roll and groans. Low, and throaty. Cassian busies himself with cleaning his knife. "I'll take first shift of watch," he informs Kes, sheathing the blade at his belt again and knee-walking toward the entrance to take a look outside. "You should sleep if we're leaving early like you said." "Wake me up in three," Kes agrees, unrolling his plasti-fabric sleep-sack and settling into it on his stomach. His bare shoulder already looks less raw as the sap absorbs, and Cassian lets himself look for a moment longer at the tan nape of his neck, the soft curve of his ear. Just for a moment. The lean-to is really too small for two grown men to fit comfortably, even two as admittedly small as Cassian and Kes. Kes' side is hot where it's pressed against Cassian's leg. He falls asleep faster than Cassian remembers ever being able to. Soon there's just the steady sound of his breathing, and the rain on the jakaw leaves. It's harder to stay focused on the watch when Cassian knows that really, it's all a fake. No one is actually going to burst in, blasters blazing; the worst-case scenario is Melshi and Tonc spraying them with color-tags and having to turn over some credits. But still, Cassian tries to keep his mind on the sounds of the jungle and not the quiet sleep-noises of the man lying beside him. He counts the disparate types of night-bird calls, listens to a runyip root in the soft moss nearby and pull up grubs to slurp. A twig cracks to the northeast, and Cassian straightens. Nothing happens. Kes moves, just a twitch that tightens the muscles across his back, and turns his head to face the other way. Cassian gets to look at the back of his head, now, the silly cowlick that swirls his hair at the crown and makes it spike up. There's another cracking twig, but it's further away. Another runyip, most likely. Kes shifts again, probably still dully in pain, and then his face is pointing in Cassian's direction again. His eyes move constantly beneath closed lids. His mouth is soft, bright pink peeking out of the tangle of wiry beard that they've both grown over their time in the field. Cassian stares at him, and not at the lean-to's rough door. Why had he told Kes about his childhood? He does not talk about Fest . He outranks Kes, could have told him to zip his lip. And instead he'd responded – he'd practically encouraged Kes to ask more questions. He shakes his head and tries to focus again on the sounds outside, the bird calls in the night. By this point in training a private, he normally color-tags his trainee himself. Just to show them that you cannot trust anyone in a war . And so that he can stop having to spend time with them. He should probably color-tag Kes anyway, before this is over. Just to be sure. Kes is too open. Better Cassian teach him a lesson now than he get shot in an alley someday because he wasn't watching his back. Kes mumbles something quiet and indistinct in his sleep, voice low. Cassian doesn't want Kes to close himself off. The thought surprises him. He wakes Kes half a standard hour early, just to prove to himself he's not showing favoritism. Kes checks his watch, has to realize, but he just nods and shakes himself awake, crawls to the open side of the lean-to so Cassian has room to lie down. "I'm going to make caf, do you want some before you go to sleep?" he mutters, pulling the rain skin inside to fill a cup. Cassian hesitates. Almost accepts. It might be nice to share a cup of caf. "No," he says, and skins out of his shirt. The sleeping bag is warm when he curls inside. "Your loss," Kes shrugs easily, tapping a foil packet of the shitty insta-caf into his cup and stirring with one finger. "When do you want me to get you up?" "Just give me ninety minutes." Cassian never sleeps longer than ninety minutes at a stretch. "Then we'll go see whether we can find Melshi and Tonc before they find us." "All right." Kes touches his shoulder gingerly and, determining the gel is dry, shrugs back into his shirt. "Que sueñes con los angelitos." And for the first time in years, Cassian sleeps deeply enough to dream, something sweet and soft and tinted in blue. He feels rested when Kes gently shakes him awake. It's unsettling. "Here," Kes says. "Can't turn it down, I already made it." The cup of insta-caf is fresh and smells almost like the real thing. "Thank you." Cassian gulps most of the cup down in just a few swallows so they can pack up, destroy the shelter, and head out before sunrise. "I already did mine," Kes informs him, as if he could tell what precipitated Cassian's hurry. "I filled your canteen too, and the mess kit's all packed. I figured we could eat after we get 'em." Cassian finishes the last of the caf and turns the dregs into the dirt. "Good thinking, Dameron. Let's get going." He pulls on his shirt while Kes crawls out of the shelter, then follows. It only takes a few minutes to demolish the scant structure. Kes doesn't complain, pulling his pack over his injured shoulder, but there's a tightness between his eyebrows that isn't natural this early in the morning. Cassian feels rather the same, lacing his boots. They feel too-tight, like his feet are swollen from the constant water-logging and his broken toes. He checks the datapad for stake points while Kes scatters the last of the jakaw branches. Joma's crew took out another pair in the night, but not before Sefla took out the attacking trainee. Cassian, Kes, Melshi, and Tonc are the only pairs left. This might end today. When he glances up, Kes is watching him thoughtfully. "I think we should wade up the river and climb the bluff," Kes says. "It would take longer to go around, and I don't think they'd be expecting it." Cassian nods. He stretches out his sleep-sore muscles and cracks his knuckles. Climbing . He kriffing hates climbing. "So when we get below where they are, we leave the packs on the far side of the river," Kes continues. "Nobody else is close enough to take them. We'll be quieter on the climb with less weight." Cassian nods, deferring. This is Kes' plan to succeed or fail, and then Cassian will debrief him and assign him a pass or fail back at the base. "We shouldn't even try to get onto the plateau," Kes decides. "Just find good footholds at the edge and shoot over the lip." It definitely keeps their bodies out of the way of any defensive backfire, although it's assuming they won't trip backward and plummet into the river below. Cassian nods. They haven't scouted Melshi-and-Tonc's hide yet, but he doubts that they thought to construct it in a way that would protect them from sniper fire. Melshi is lazy, doesn't notice details. Cassian had trained him and failed him twice, years ago, when he was seventeen and Melshi was almost ten years older and a cocky shit. "Good," Kes says. "Let's go." The rain has softened to a low, muzzy drizzle, and there's fog over the river. The sound of it, moving over rocks and around the roots of the trees overlooking the banks, hides the noise of their feet as they move upstream. Kes takes to the trees, leaping from branch to branch overhead like an overgrown woollamander. Cassian moves below him, low to the ground. Scout low, scout high. Kes might actually be good on a team effort. Cover Cassian's back. It's an alien thought. Cassian doesn't really do teams. It's more mouths to worry about keeping shut. Or shutting. If they manage to knock Melshi and Tonc out, Cassian's going to tag Kes. He just isn't sure when. Should he do it right away, in front of Melshi? Kes drops down from the tree and lands without making a sound in the soft mud and dropped leaves. There's a tiny woollamander baby riding his shoulder. "We're almost directly under them," he informs Cassian, keeping his voice soft, under the burbling of the water. Cassian nods and lifts his fist, curled fingers facing Kes. He points up, opens his hand to show all five fingers, then closes his fist again. Kes answers with a fist, a flat hand in a blade, and a fist. He crouches to check the currents of the river before they wade across, the tiny woollamander still curled around the back of his neck like a scarf. Kes strips off his pack and hangs it from a branch, then motions for Cassian to follow him. It isn't a terribly wide river, and it isn't so deep that it takes more than a few strokes to swim across the worst chasm. Cassian's legs and feet protest the cold of the river as they emerge on the opposite shore, but he hardly notices. Every focus is on their sounds, now: how loud they're breathing. Whether their feet touch rock or soil. Kes scales the bluff like it's nothing – he's not fast, but he's steady, checking each handhold. Cassian follows, to the side and only just below. It's a position that would allow for him to catch Kes by the wrist if Kes falls – he is Cassian's trainee, after all, and Mon and Draven do not like when Cassian brings back someone with broken bones even though that is the point of high-stakes training . Well, Mon doesn't like it. Draven always asks why he bothered bringing them back at all. If Cassian falls, he falls. At least they're over water. Kes suddenly stops, holds up a closed fist with the back of his hand to Cassian. Cassian takes one more foothold so that he's at Kes' eye-level. They both pull out their color-blasters. They're quieter than real weapons as they prime. Melshi and Tonc are not even ten yards from the lip of the bluff: their backs to Kes and Cassian as they eat huddled around their burner. They're watching the woods – where the threat would be if Kes weren't smarter than both of them. Cassian spares a moment for pride as Kes motions for him to lock on Melshi and aims his own weapon at Tonc. Kes points toward them with a sharp hand. He holds up three fingers. Then two. One. Pewsh! Pewsh! "Hey!" Melshi yells, jerking to look at the yellow splatter on the back of his jacket. "Kriff you, Andor!" Tonc just groans, but there's relief written across his face as he stands to wipe the dripping mess off himself. Cassian climbs over the edge of the rocks onto solid ground, crouching and reaching down to help Kes up. "Thanks," Kes says, and shoots him square in the chest, the paint flaring across Cassian's jacket. Cassian stumbles back a step, watching the yellow paint spread across his chest as behind him, Melshi roars with vindicated laughter. In front of him, Kes grins at Cassian, eyes warm and teeth white. Cassian smiles back. Yavin 4 | 1 BBY "Captain, I feel as though it should be said that chlorine gas planets are not an ideal environ for either droid composition or human biology." Kay-Tu looks down in a good mimic of disgust at the way his whole trunk has crusted over with orange rust. Cassian takes off his SAFER helmet, the seal hissing. The sounds of the Yavin base are thunderous as they assault Cassian's ears: for the last two weeks, every noise has been muffled by the whirring, whooshing ambient filter of the helmet. "Next time, Kay-Tu, I'll try to make sure the Empire only enslaves carbon-based life forms." "That's all I ask." Kay-Tu brushes a crackling of rust away from his arm and stomps off toward Parts Maintenance. He creaks with every step. "Captain," Mon greets him, gliding out of the shadows of the hangar to stand beside him. "It's good to see you back in one piece." "It was a near thing," Cassian agrees. "I don't know what they are building out there, but it's big." Mon smiles with half of her mouth. "It's never something small or easy to deal with, is it." "No, ma'am." Cassian begins the long process of decompressing his SAFER suit. "If it were, you wouldn't need me." "I could always find a use for you," Mon says without hesitation. "In another life you would've made a good ambassador, I think. We could've had debriefings over lunch in an expensive Coruscanti lounge." Cassian laughs. "I'm glad I escaped that, then. Fancy isn't my style, Senator." Mon Mothma looks amused. "I'm pleased you haven't lost your sense of humor, Cassian. I'll expect an actual debriefing in half an hour." Cassian nods. He's contemplating the quickest path to the closest fresher when Mon clears her throat. "Also, I've transferred 250 credits into your account. Ten for every Standard of your life." Cassian had forgotten the date. "Thank you, Senator. That was unnecessary." "You're very welcome, Captain Andor." Mon turns to leave, but looks at him over her richly-clad shoulder. "It is the least that we could do." Two hundred and fifty credits is enough to get stupendously drunk – maybe drunk enough to forget it's his name day, Cassian muses. He can shower later, he decides, heading to the command center. Get this debriefing over with and have the night to himself. Cassian passes by a laughing, jostling group of Pathfinders on his way to the Command Center. He doesn't say hello to them, and they don't say hello to him. He's been gone for a month; they probably assumed that he was dead. He trained half of them, and he barely remembers their names. Kes isn't with them, anyway. Not that he would expect Kes to be with them: there are active missions all over the galaxy, and Kes is talented enough to be running a covert op. Maybe even training someone himself, soon. Mon tilts her face close to talk to Viceroy Organa as Cassian turns the corner of the large monitors in the command center. He immediately ducks away again to give them privacy. He can record his debriefing with one of the droids, and she can review it later. Viceroy Organa used to make a big deal of celebrations, always trying to get Cassian to come with him to Alderaan for a Life Day's feast with his wife and daughter. Cassian always refused. He doesn't need to see a palace to know what he doesn't have. Cassian is sure, somehow, that it isn't a coincidence that Bail is here on his name day. The credits that Mon transferred for him probably come from an Alderaanian account. Cassian sighs and tries not to be annoyed by their sentimentality. He finds one of the PZ model droids, the archival specialists, for his debriefing. The rundown is perfunctory. The Empire is building something, using Sklowdowskans to work around to clock en masse. He's just finishing his report when Mon and the viceroy walk past him on their way out. "Mon informs me you've proved invaluable once again," Organa tells him. "We appreciate your efforts, Captain." "Thank you, sir." Cassian manages a smile at Bail. "The Rebellion appreciates your continued assistance." "I only wish I could do more." Bail exchanges a look with Mon Mothma. "But things are changing. I'm sure I'll see you again soon, Captain." Cassian watches them leave, heads bowed together, still talking. Changing. What's changing? If anything, the Empire is only becoming more brutal. Cassian contemplates it as he makes his way back to his small assigned quarters. Perhaps the Empire's increasing disregard for the systems it governs will force more senators to join the alliance, but that's the hope they've been working on for years, and it seems like there's little difference. Cassian ducks his tired head as he swipes open the maglock. Rustle . Something – someone – moves inside Cassian's locked quarters. Cassian automatically grabs his blaster and primes the mechanism. "Don't shoot me, please," comes a low voice from his cot, and Cassian swears, stepping back. Kes Dameron stands up, hands in the air, laughing but wide-eyed. "Sorry, sorry, I didn't mean to startle you." "What the fuck, shit!" Cassian hisses. He doesn't let go of his blaster. "What are you doing here?" Kes gestures, and Cassian glances around the room for the first time – there's a garland of tinsel strung over his locker, and a foil-topped new bottle of booze on his bunk-side chest of drawers. And – "I brought you a cake," Kes grins. "I had time off, and they said you were getting back today, so I thought... we should celebrate your name day." Cassian – Cassian doesn't know what it is that he's feeling. "How did you get in?" he manages. Kes shrugs. "Sweet-talked Kay-Tu into giving me the passcode override for the maglock." Cassian's eyes narrow. "Kay-Tu has orders never to allow anyone inside." "Well, that's just sad." Kes swiftly defers the implied question. "I thought you would be off – saving the galaxy," Cassian says. "I didn't think you'd be hanging around Yavin." Kes laughs. "I'll leave that to my abejita. She's been flying nonstop for your Senator Mothma." He shrugs. "Are you really complaining that I brought you cake?" "I—" Yes. "No." Cassian blinks, watching Kes lounge on his cot. He's barefoot, in casuals like he belongs here. There's a scar across one arm that wasn't there before. Cassian becomes overtly aware of how sweaty he is, how drenched he is in the reek of his own body after two weeks in a SAFER suit. "I can go, if this is a bad time," Kes says. "I should've checked, I'm sorry." "No, no." Cassian shakes his head and runs his fingers through his hair. "It's okay. It was... nice of you." "it just seemed like maybe you needed a friend. One who isn't metal, I mean." Cassian bristles, and Kes sighs. "No offense, Captain. And I fully understand you still outrank me." Cassian is too tired and too hungry to work up a satisfying anger. And maybe he is a bit emotionally raw from his name day. "Oh, at ease, Sergeant. Descansa." "You heard about my promotion?" Kes looks absurdly pleased. Cassian hadn't meant to let it slip that he was following Kes' progress. He still isn't sure why he pulled the file before he left for Sklowdowska. "There was talk," he says, gesturing. Kes is still beaming. "I wasn't sure if you had, I didn't want to bring it up." His unashamed pride is infectious. "I've never had a trainee pass on their first try before," Cassian admits. "I've been curious." "That surprises me," Kes says, more seriously. "You were an amazing teacher." Cassian doesn't deflect the praise; he knows he's the best Pathfinder who didn't fight the Clone Wars. And the old guard is getting, well. Old. Kes motions to the cake. "I wasn't sure if you'd had dinner yet, but I thought – you said you hadn't had a cake in years, I couldn't let it stand, man." "I haven't eaten real food in two weeks." Cassian subsisted on the nutridrip in his SAFER so he wouldn't have to risk removing the helmet. "Cake sounds great." "Should we get something from the mess first?" Somehow, the idea of going to the mess – full of people – with Kes sounds both wonderful and terrible. Cassian rarely eats there, content to bring some rations or a tray to his bunk and sit alone with his work. There would be rumors. "Shouldn't have something this sweet on an empty stomach," Kes says, his smile brilliant in the dim light of Cassian's room. No, I definitely shouldn't, Cassian thinks. "All right," he hedges. "I should use the sonic shower first. I've been stewing in my own juices for two weeks." "I didn't notice," Kes says. "I'm used to how pilots smell." Right. His wife is a pilot. "Dame un momento," Cassian mumbles. He's glad once again for the private fresher attached to his officer's quarters. He doesn't want to deal with the loud, jostling braggadocio of the ground crew fresher. When he comes back out of the room, dressed in clean casuals and with the best shave he's had in months, Kes is still sitting on his cot – And there are two trays of food beside him. "You didn't seem interested in more company," Kes explains. "And I remember how you never came to the mess. I didn't want to push. Not on your name day." "It would've been fine," Cassian says, and then, because he feels human again, with clean water dripping down his neck, "But thank you. This is nicer." Kes smiles like the Yavinese sun. "Much quieter. And we won't have to share the cake and booze." Cassian pulls the chair out from his desk and slumps into it, taking a tray and balancing it on both knees. He shoots Kes a glance, says, "I wouldn't have shared anyway. I might not even share with you." Kes' smile bursts, flares, and he laughs, holding his stomach. "I knew you had a sense of humor in there somewhere." Cassian tries to look stern as he opens up the limp sandwich on his disposable plate. The zeltro sauce is smeared completely unevenly, and he tries to repair it with his finger. "Don't tell anyone," he says. "They'll respect me less." "Your secret's safe with me," Kes promises, zipping his lips. "I'm glad, though. I was a little worried." Cassian isn't sure whether to take that as an insult, so instead he rearranges the layers of his sandwich. Kes purses his mouth. "I just mean, I'm glad you're human, you know? Thought you might be a real advanced model of Kay-Tu for a while there. It's nice to see this side of you." He pauses. "Do you want my extra pickled ruica?" Kes holds out his own sandwich. "I always take 'em off." "Sure." Cassian gets the barest flash of memory, an older brother long, long gone swapping bits of their lunches. "If you're sure you don't want it." "Yeah," Kes nods. "mamá hated wasting anything, growing up. I guess it stuck." Cassian doesn't actually remember what his mamá was like. But he knows the feeling of using things – and people – to their last drop. He takes the pickled ruica from Kes and tucks it into his food. Kes nudges his knee into Cassian's. "So, what've you been doing? Anything you can talk about with a sergeant?" "A lot of time on Sklowdowska," Cassian says around a mouthful of food. "Just intel gathering." Kes nods, and takes a bite of his own sandwich. "Sklowdowska, huh." He talks with his mouth half full, and it should be disgusting. Instead Cassian just feels grateful for the company. His room feels warmer for having another body in it. "There are a lot of resources there if you know where to look." Cassian leans back against his wall, sprawled out. It feels good to be out of a cockpit. Feels good when their legs bump in the space between Kes' chair and the bed. Kes' thigh is hot and solid up against Cassian's knee. Kes doesn't press for details, just hums a little as he eats his sandwich, peeling off the crust and eating it before the rest. "I could kill for some empanadillas," he mutters. "Sometimes I think this is actual bantha fodder." "Good thing you brought alcohol to drown it in," Cassian agrees. "I can see if I've got cups around here somewhere—" "Don't bother," Kes shrugs. "The bottle's good enough for me, if you don't mind it." Cassian's fine with that. He takes the bottle Kes offers him and dusts the label off with his sleeve. "¿Mezcal festano?" Cassian asks, blinking. "Where did you find this? It must be almost as old as I am." "You're not the only one with secret contacts," Kes grins, shoving Cassian's knee gently with his thigh. Cassian swallows and doesn't even notice the terrible clashing taste of pickled ruica with zeltro sauce and whatever they're trying to pass off as meat in the mess these days. "It must have cost you a fortune," he presses. "Let me pay you back, I have a bigger salary." Kes' face goes very solemn. "It's a gift, Cassian. Let me share it with you, that's all." Cassian doesn't know whether he's ever received a gift that didn't contain an implied exchange of services. "All right. Do you want to do the honors?" He holds the bottle back out toward Kes. "You first," Kes shakes his head. "We're celebrating you." "Uch," Cassian grunts. "What a thing to celebrate." He slices his pocket-knife blade through the wax protecting the bottle's top, then pulls off the lid. "You've saved my life half a dozen times," Kes says. "With what you taught me. Who knows how many others there are like me, who owe you that." He leans back a little and smiles at Cassian. "You're just lucky I didn't give a speech in the mess hall." Cassian drinks rather than think about that. It's good alcohol, too, better than anything he'd even had when he attended black-cape affairs in the guise of an Imperial aide. He drinks, and his brain supplies a different line of thought. "Where are you staying? You're not leaving tonight?" Kes runs his hand over his mouth, and laughs softly. "I was going to beg you for the use of your floor, honestly." Cassian smiles and hands the bottle over. Kes' hands are still sturdy, but rougher than he remembered, when he takes it. "If you don't mind that Kay-Tu updates while I'm asleep." "Oh," Kes takes a long sip, avoiding Cassian's gaze. "About that. When I saw him earlier and told him my plan he said he was going to be in maintenance all evening?" Kes' cheeks are slightly pink, a reaction to the alcohol, or – that wasn't all Kay-Tu said. Kes hands the bottle back to Cassian. "He's very rusty," Cassian agrees. "So... yes, you can stay. Just the one night." "Just one night," Kes confirms. Cassian's brain, lit up with the warmth of the alcohol and a full belly, clean body, goes places it hasn't in a long time, and he shifts, sitting up straighter in the desk chair. "You're welcome to use the fresher," he says, clearly trying to make things worse for his future self. Maybe Kes doesn't still have the wife. Why would he come here, to Cassian's room, on a night off if he still has a wife somewhere back home? But he'd mentioned her, earlier, hadn't he? Abejita , he said, his little bee . Cassian's just tired enough that the liquor's gone straight to his head, and everything is starting to blur. "Sure," Kes says, and stands. "Thanks. I'll be right back. The, uh, your cake is over—" he gestures vaguely toward Cassian's footlocker. "If you want to get started." Cassian nods, and watches Kes disappear into the next room. He listens to the fresher start up and takes another sip of the liquor. This is a terrible idea. Kes sings in the fresher. His accent isn't festano, exactly, the syllables a little more loose, but it's close enough – the same way that Alderaanian, on Bail's tongue, sounded enough like the father Cassian hardly remembered that it ached, at first, and he would pretend to be asleep longer than he was so that Bail would wake him up with soft words. It reminds him that Kes is staying the night: he doesn't have enough blankets to make the floor comfortable, so they'll have to beg some off the aide who runs laundry or – Cassian scrambles for his commlink. It rolls off the desk, but he catches it before it hits the floor. "Kay-Tu," he hisses into it, "Bring me spare blankets." "I'm in the hot oil bath," Kay-Tu says. It almost sounds relaxed, even though its voice can't portray emotions. "Can't you get them yourself?" "No! I'm serious, Kay, I need your help." Cassian watches the door. The water is still running, Kes' voice still audible occasionally. "Fine." Kay-Tu sounds almost as long-suffering as Bail's protocol droid. "I will be there as soon as possible. It may not be possible until I have no more need for the hot oil bath." Cassian is relatively sure the hot oil bath is a ruse. Kay-Tu has been weird about Kes ever since Cassian returned from that training mission and passed him on the first go. "Kay-Tuesso," Cassian says, as harshly as he can. "As your commanding officer, I order you to bring me an extra pallet of blankets! Now!" "Your feelings for Sergeant Dameron hardly necessitate using that tone of voice with me," Kay-Tu says, and disconnects their link. The water shuts off in the fresher. Cassian puts the commlink away as smoothly as he can. He tries to lounge casually on the cot with the mezcal in a way that looks both open and nonthreatening. It's the opposite of how he's ever tried to look. His muscles don't feel made for it. A minute later Kes reemerges. He's back in his clothes from earlier, but there's still water on his forehead and down his throat, where his shirt is open like he'd toweled off hastily. "I told you, you didn't have to wait for me on the cake," he says, grinning at Cassian. "I forgot all about it," Cassian says. It's honest. He's also rarely been honest with another person. Everything feels strange, and it's not just the high-proof liquor. Kes cocks his head at him. "How can you forget about cake?" He moves closer, and Cassian expects him to take the chair – instead, he sits back down on the bed, next to Cassian. Cassian can smell his wet hair, and it's – Kay-Tu was right, he does have feelings for Kes, which is... embarrassing, more than anything. Cassian honestly doesn't remember the last time he had a crush on someone. And never on anyone married . Kes is married . He can't forget that. He's the only one who'll be hurt if he does. "It's so unusual," Cassian says. "It's like forgetting there's a rathtar in the next room. Why would there be? So you open the door." "Force," Kes swears. "Are you drunk? I feel like I need to drink more to keep up." He sounds pleased rather than accusatory, and he lists into Cassian's space to take the bottle. "I might be drunk." Cassian nods. Kes is laughing at him. His throat looks nice when it's tilted back like that to laugh. It looks nicer when he purses his mouth around the lip of the bottle to drink. Cassian might be staring. Is he staring? He blinks, just to be sure. "Don't stare," says a phantom voice in his memory. "It's suspicious. People can always tell when you're staring. Just look at the room like no one in it matters to you." Kes sets the bottle down on the floor and reaches to grab the cake, settles it on his knee. He pulls a knife from the sheath at his belt and slices a generous piece, extends it to Cassian. "Let's see how good spaceport cake even is." Cassian takes the chunk of cake; without plates, it will be a messy endeavor. He somehow doesn't mind as he watches Kes lick frosting from his fingertips. "Not terrible," Kes decides. "Not as good as I could make if I had a shit-ton of azúcar morena and a proper kitchen for a couple hours, though. Maybe next year." "Maybe next year," Cassian echoes. There is no guarantee of next year. Not for him. Not for Kes, either. Not even for the Galaxy itself. Kes seems to sense the direction of his thoughts, knocking Cassian's knee with his own. "You're not a very cheerful drunk, are you, Andor?" "I've never been accused of being cheerful." Cassian knocks his knee back against Kes'. Kes leaves his knee against Cassian's like it's nothing. Like it's not the first real extended human contact Cassian's had in months. Cassian takes another bite of cake. The sugar is going to make his hands jitter, it's been so long since he had some. There's a bang on the door. "I can get it," Kes says. He's steadier on his feet than Cassian would be, and he wipes some frosting on his pants as he walks to the door. It opens to Kay-Tu holding a folded bed pallet. "Oh, you are dressed in regular casual attire." Kay-Tu holds out the blankets. "I could have stayed in the hot oil bath longer." "Sorry, Kay-Tu." Kes takes the blankets. "I really appreciate it." "Now I do hope you make use of them." Kay-Tu leans through the doorway. "Good night, Cassian. I am returning to parts maintenance for a soft-cloth buffer." Cassian lifts his piece of cake to salute the droid, guiltily. Kes shuts the door as Kay-Tu's footsteps grow faint down the hall. "He didn't have to bring these, I've slept on worse." "But you shouldn't have to." Cassian struggles to sit up straight. He manages it. "I can take the floor. You can sleep in my bed. Any time. You can – anytime you want, you can sleep in my bed." He shakes his head to clear it. "I mean, you should now, and I'll take the floor." Kes looks faintly amused as he sets the stack of blankets on the desk chair Cassian had pulled out earlier. "That's ridiculous. You're still my superior, Cassian, I'm not letting you sleep on the floor in your own room." Kriff . Cassian is Kes' superior. Even if Kes weren't married, nothing could happen. But he is married. To a pilot. His little flying bee. "I promise," Kes says, seriously, "I don't mind. If you're ready for sleep now, I'll go ahead and set this up." "Shouldn't we finish the cake?" Cassian rubs his eyes; everything in the room looks blurry. "I want chilaquiles." "Well, buddy, I don't have chilaquiles." Kes laughs even though he's clearly trying to look like he's taking Cassian seriously. "There's the cake, though, and it'll keep 'til morning." Cassian considers. The idea of cake for breakfast sparks a faint remembrance of his childhood, another name day, decades ago. For once, it doesn't hurt. "All right." "Can I borrow some of your cleaning paste?" Kes asks, after a minute. Cassian nods. He should brush his teeth too, if he can get up. And Kes is still wearing his civvies. "Do you want pajamas? I have extras; you can have them. Tonight." "I don't think I'd fit," Kes says. It doesn't sound like an insult, so Cassian doesn't bristle the way he normally would. "I'm fine in my civvies." "You do have very big arms," Cassian observes. Kes' biceps are something he would've been envious of if they'd met as teens, before Cassian resigned himself to being wiry. Kes looks pleased with himself, bashful and a little pink. "Yeah, I guess I do these days. You should have seen me back at university. I was a wet noodle." He shrugs. "That's what war will do, I guess." "Best possible outcome," Cassian mutters. He doesn't want to think about the war, for one night. Kes laughs and flexes his bicep. It breaks the tension, somehow, and Cassian smiles back. He hauls himself upright and tiptoes around the edge of Kes' pallet to get to the fresher. "I'll leave the paste out," he's saying, when Kes appears at his shoulder, leaning against the door frame. He holds out his finger, and it takes Cassian too long to figure out what he's doing and squirt the paste onto it. "Gracias." Kes steps up into Cassian's space near the small mirror. He scrubs the paste over his teeth with the side of his finger, then waits for Cassian to spit before ducking his head down to drink from the spigot. Cassian rinses when Kes backs up, and passes the towel he used to wipe his mouth. Kes grins his thanks and pats his own face dry, hanging it back on the hook beside the mirror. "Now at least our teeth won't fall out in our sleep from all the sugar," he laughs. Cassian grins. He wants to laugh, too, but – it feels strange , like he might do it wrong somehow. And then Kes will think he's strange and want to leave. Kes leans into him, his shoulder warm against Cassian's. "Thanks for letting me crash here, man. When you came in earlier I thought you might throw me out." Cassian is quiet when the warmth of Kes' arm leaves his. He hangs back by the door to his fresher and watches as Kes steps into the room and pulls off his shirt to fold and use as a pillow. "You surprised me," he admits. "But I – thank you, for the cake. I'm glad you came." He bites his lip, feeling awkward again. "I have to piss, I'll be back—" He closes the fresher door and turns on the fan, slumping against the wall. Fuck. He's too drunk, too drunk to face Kes' sincerity and not say something stupid. He wasn't expecting any of this. And Cassian doesn't do surprises. Surprises get people killed. Surprises make people kill. He doesn't like surprises, he likes planning and careful execution and – And what if Kes planned this? What if Kes has an objective in being here? That's almost scarier. Cassian turns on the tap and runs the water as cold as it will go, splashes it on his face. He's being paranoid, which isn't like him. Logically there's no reason Kes would be here with an ulterior motive. And besides, he's married . It seems like he's repeated that to himself a hundred times since Kes showed up tonight. It's just... it's easy to forget, with the way Kes smiles at him so much, and he brought him cake and remembered his name day. He didn't even make it seem tragic, the way Mon always does, even though she doesn't mean to. Kes makes everything seem less tragic, just with his presence, and Cassian is terrified that he'll get used to that. Cassian slaps his own cheek. "Anímate, Fuerza." He strips out of his own shirt and drops it in the chute before heading back to his cot. The walls aren't spinning, exactly, but it's not a smooth flight. Kes might be asleep, if he's lucky – he isn't moving, and he's turned off the lamp. Cassian crawls carefully into bed and sighs into his pillow. "Night, Cassian," Kes says, soft in the dark. "Good night, Priv – Dameron," Cassian mumbles. He smushes his face against the pillow and breathes. "Kes." Kes makes a soft pleased sound, and there's a shuffling motion in his sheets as he gets his hand free: Cassian can just make out the shadowy motion as he pumps his fist in the air. Cassian's smiling when he passes out. * * * A rancor is sitting on Cassian's head when he wakes up. "Kriff." Cassian braces his hands over his eyes and sits slowly and carefully so that he doesn't jostle his brain. He'd woken to the door opening, and now it slides shut. Cassian peers between his fingers, but everything is blurry. The room is still dark. He startles when the mattress dips. "Just me," comes Kes' voice, gruff with sleep. "Here, I got you caf." A warm mug is pressed into Cassian's hands. It smells like Kes got there early enough to get a good cup, not too weak and not too sludgy with dregs from the bottom of the pot. Cassian closes his fingers around it and inhales the rich scent. Kes doesn't move from the edge of the bed, his hip pressed up against Cassian's leg through the blankets. He's got a cup of his own, drinking it with his eyes closed. "Have you been awake long?" Cassian isn't normally a heavy sleeper. He can't be. Somehow he hadn't heard Kes moving until the door alarm beeped. This is why he doesn't drink. "Not long," Kes confirms. "Might try to catch a couple more hours before I leave, if that's okay." He's listing, his weight heavy against Cassian's leg now. Cassian scoots over and gives him more room. "That's fine." Cassian swallows more of the caf. It is good, and it helps to clear his head. "Do you know your next post?" Kes only nods, which means he can't share, or he's too sleepy to understand it was a layered question. Cassian understands the feeling. He quietens, too, and drinks the caf. Kes' head lolls heavily against his shoulder. The empty mug of caf sits between limp hands in his lap. His breathing slows, evens out. Cassian watches him for a moment. He could shake him awake, help ease him back down onto the pallet on the floor. But he should be getting up anyway. He's supposed to report to Mon in the command center this morning for new assignments. He leaves the bed carefully, setting his cup on the bedside table, and taking Kes' mug, moving it too before he guides the other man down on the mattress. Kes grumbles, but his eyes don't open, and when he's horizontal he shoves his face into Cassian's pillow and goes still again. In the fresher, Cassian washes his face and sponges off his arms, chest, before he shrugs into a shirt he'd hung up the day before. It's mostly clean. He brushes his teeth, and leaves the tube of paste on the counter – just in case. Kes might want it again when he wakes up. He opens the door again. Kes is still sleeping. Cassian watches him, for a minute, taking in the curve of his back, the soft bare arches of his feet – his boots are across the room by the door, like he was trying to be quiet and not wake Cassian up with heavy footsteps. Cassian chews the inside of his cheek. He leaves his own boots off until the door slides shut behind him and the maglock clicks. He'd been afraid that he'd slept in, but it's still early. The base is quiet, and he only passes a few people on his way to the command center. Mon is still drinking a cup of tea when he arrives. "Captain Andor." She smiles at him in a way that suggests she knows that he had a guest last night. And of course, she does: she would have had to sign off on Kes' base entry. "Senator." Cassian wishes he'd spent a little more time on his appearance. It had seemed so urgent that he get out quickly, but now he just feels rumpled. "Did you receive your credits?" "Yes, ma'am." Cassian's left boot isn't tied tightly enough. He ducks down to fix it and maybe arrange his hair with his fingers the best he can. "Good. I'm sorry I can't offer you more time before your next assignment, but unfortunately I must ask you for your services again." "Of course, ma'am." Cassian stands to attention. "Should I comm Kay-Tu?" "It would be optimal for you to leave as soon as possible," Mon nods. "If he can ready your ship, then we can have more time to discuss your mission." "Yes, ma'am." Cassian pulls out his commlink and switches it on. "Kay-Tu? Come in, Kay-Tu. I know you're not still in Parts Maintenance." "Good morning, Cassian," Kay-Tu says. "I am surprised to hear from you so early." "Get to the ship," Cassian says, rather than acknowledge the droid's implications. "We have a mission." "I'm on board the ship currently," Kay-Tu grumps. "What else?" "Make sure that our supplies are replenished. And I left my coat in my quarters." "How many days worth of provisions should I pack?" Kay-Tu asks, blessedly not commenting on Cassian's other request. "Plan for two Standard weeks," Cassian says. "I'll update you once I am read in." "All right," Kay-Tu agrees, and Cassian clicks off the link before he can say anything else. Mon nods. "Ten standard days is what I've noted in your schedule, but you can add time as you deem necessary." "Yes, ma'am." Cassian's heard that before. Normally it means that he'll be gone for six months. Surely Kes will have received a new assignment and left by then. General Draven strides into the room, deep in conversation with Bail Organa as the viceroy doctors his caf with blue milk. Cassian rakes fingers through his hair again. Bail looks impeccable as usual, clothes pressed, boots shined, face serious as he listens to Draven. "It could further harm the reputation of the Rebellion with the remaining neutral senators if an alliance is made with..." Bail trails off. "I concur that it is the only remaining course of action, but I have to say, the optics of this choice will not sway the moderate to our cause." "It's been nineteen years, Bail." Draven sounds exhausted. "If someone claims to be moderate now, they're only afraid of admitting they're on the side of the Empire." "Or afraid of what the Empire will do to those they love if they say otherwise," Mon interjects. Draven's sharp jaw tics. "Some of us don't have the luxury of that sort of fear. If they don't accept the risk soon, I doubt that anyone will." Mon and Bail exchange a look, and Cassian wishes he'd brought his cup of caf. He doesn't want to spend the morning stuck listening to the same argument the council has had for months rehashed. "Right." Mon Mothma says, in a tone that suggests that the discussion will be tabled – again. "Threepio, seal the room, please." "Yes, ma'am. The Control Center is sealed for classified briefing." The protocol droid gives a small, golden bow. "Captain Andor, your task is to verify a report coming out of Onderon that Saw Gerrera is recruiting again." Mon flicks open a holo chip, displaying a message to the same effect. Cassian is too hung over to deal with Saw Gerrera. He rubs his temples. "Yes, ma'am. Do we have intelligence on his target?" "Anyone he can get his hands on," Draven says. "But that's not your mission." Mon sets her teacup down. "Your job is to find an in for us with Saw himself." "Yes, sir." Cassian stands at attention again. "Yes, ma'am. What are your intentions for my engagement with Gerrera, if I see him?" "We want to offer him a deal," Draven says, flatly. "We just need to get a foot in the door to discuss what that might look like." "That said, Cassian, we can't afford to look as though the Rebellion itself is involved in terrorist acts," Bail says. "You have permission to participate with his group up to a point to get that foot in the door. Do you understand?" Cassian takes a deep breath. "Yes, sir." "There is a lead," Mon Mothma says. Draven opens his mouth to interrupt her, but she holds up an elegant hand. "Captain Andor, what do you know about Imperial Science Officer Galen Erso?" "Attended school with Director Krennic before joining his science division," Cassian repeats what he's seen of the file. "Left for a time, whereabouts unknown, before surfacing again. He's been with the Empire ever since." "Correct." Mon looks at him across the table. "He has a daughter. She spent several years with Gerrera's militia. They say she was like Saw's own daughter after Galen Erso disappeared. It might be useful to find her." * * * Kay-Tu has the U-wing humming through its preflight modes when Cassian climbs aboard and slumps into the pilot's seat. He'd managed to grab another cup of caf, and he takes a long sip as he untangles the wire of his headset. "Captain," Kay-Tu greets him. "I was surprised to find Sergeant Kes Dameron in your cot without you when I retrieved your coat." Cassian glances over at him. "He must've fallen asleep there when I got up." "I did surmise you might keep him up all night." Kay-Tu primes the thrusters. "Ugh," Cassian says, and then, "not yet!" as Kay-Tu reaches for the controls. He wrestles his commlink from his pocket. He can't leave Kes without some explanation. Even if it wasn't what Kay-Tu thinks. He doesn't have Kes' commlink number. Gritting his teeth, he takes another steadying sip of caf. "Kay, search for Kes' communication ID, please." "03091979," Kay-Tu rattles off immediately. "He gave it to me ages ago. 'For emergencies,' he said." Kay-Tu tilts his head. "That's how he said it. 'For emergencies.'" Cassian types it in, trying not to wonder when, exactly, Kes had given Kay-Tu his personal information, and – why. What kind of emergencies had he had in mind? Cassian sends a short apology. It doesn't feel like it's enough, and he follows it with two more messages – one thanking Kes for the cake, and one offering the use of his room as long as Kes needs it in Cassian's absence. He regrets it almost immediately. He should've stuck with a simple goodbye. He shuts down the commlink and taps in the coordinates for Onderon. "Let's go." "It was nice of you to offer Sergeant Kes Dameron the use of your quarters," Kay-Tu says. "I have never seen you allow another sentient into your bunk." "I said, let's go," Cassian grumbles. "I had hoped it might relieve some tension," Kay-Tu says. "But I see that is not the case." Chapter 2 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Scarif | 0 BBY The heat blisters. Every inch of Cassian's body hurts, pain that edges into blissful numbness – until he breathes, and the superheated air scorches his throat all the way down, burning its way into tired lungs, cooking him from the inside and out. The light flares like nothing Cassian's ever seen. No nova, no star. He wonders if this is what the universe looked like to Chirrut, Force take his soul . Cassian can't see the bodies on the beach, but he can feel somehow that Chirrut is there, with Baze, both of them watching in that light as Cassian holds onto Jyn with everything he's got. I am one with the Force, and the Force is with me. The heat, and the pain, and the water, and the light, and the quiet chant of Chirrut in his ears— And then nothing. Chapter 3 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 1st Month Cassian remembers the smell of salt and blood, the way his heart had been pounding so hard it hurt – or maybe that was the blaster bolt across his ribs. He remembers the numbness of Jyn's hand in his, and the look in her eyes. He remembers how she turned her body so he didn't have to see the light racing across the horizon toward them. He remembers closing his eyes. Jyn says the U-wing came out of nowhere, skimming along the water like a great silver and blue bird. They'd seen the last of the X-wings disappear up past the disintegrating false atmo of Scarif, fleeing, so Cassian can't imagine what it must've been like to see another ship appear. It must've felt like a dream. It still feels like he's dreaming. Jyn says that she didn't check if it was a friendly vessel, just hauled him, unconscious, in the hatch. They cleared the wreckage – the entire planet, roiling into nothingness – and shot into hyperspace before the Imperial forces above even realized they were there. Jyn has to repeat the story every time he wakes up for the next week. * * * Cassian opens his eyes to the sight of a corrugated metal ceiling, blue-tinted fluorescent lumens casting everything into a strangely cold glow, and the sound of rhythmic, lulling beeps. "Buenos días, Captain," says a familiar voice at his side. "Good to see your eyes open." "Are they?" Cassian asks, weakly, blinking. His entire body feels soft , the artificial relaxation of being in bacta too long and his bones having to meld back together from jelly. He tries to focus in the dim blue light on the face in front of him. "Hmm," Sergeant Kes Dameron hums, looking down at Cassian with a very serious face. "Yeah, I'd say so. Less red, too. Can you see?" "Yeah," Cassian nods. It takes more energy than it should. "Where's Jyn?" "She'll be right back," Dameron says. "She's less beat up than you, she's doing physio in the next room. She'll be right back." "She's okay?" "She's okay." Dameron smiles. "We're all okay, thanks to you." It seems laughable. Cassian tries to move his hands in the sheets, his fingers heavy. Kes is looking at him like he's something special, instead of just someone who should have been dead. It's overwhelming, and Cassian's eyes fill. "Hey, hey, hey," Kes says, and reaches out to still Cassian's movement. "You're hooked up to a bunch of wires and you're still healing. Take it easy. It's okay. You're gonna be okay." "I thought I was dead," Cassian whispers. He can feel sleep taking over his brain again, and he's afraid to close his eyes. It makes him turn his hand over, palm touching Kes' palm, leeching the warmth. "You're not," Kes assures him. Fingers gently close around Cassian's hand. "You're not dead, buddy." It feels like a dream, or a vision. Cassian wonders briefly, hazily, if he's still on that beach, if the seconds have stretched out and his mind pulled Kes to him to say goodbye. If it were a dream, though, there wouldn't be a ring digging into Cassian's knuckles, where Kes' fingers fit between his. Cassian closes his eyes, and holds on tight. * * * After another week in the med bay, being shuffled from a cot to the bacta tank twice a day, Cassian's radiation-burned nerves are healed enough to be able to feel again. To feel how kriffing cold it is on this planet. Kes stops by once with a thick fur-lined hat for Cassian to wear, and Cassian falls a bit in love with him. Again. Cassian wears the hat despite Jyn's mocking when he's cleared to begin physical therapy. He really, really should not have climbed that spire after such a fall – and being shot – but nothing inside himself can find any regrets that he did. He's accepted that he's alive, now, and with that, he can accept almost anything. Jyn's showing him a new set of leg exercises under the guidance of the therapy droids when the door to the small exercise bay opens. The woman who walks in is wearing a pilot's jumpsuit and has bright eyes. "You look better than the last time I saw you." Jyn looks up from the machine and smiles. "Shara." She maneuvers herself into her hover-chair and wipes sweat from her forehead. "Cassian, this is the pilot who saved us." Shara holds out her hand, cocks her head and smiles at him knowingly. "Cassian? I thought it was – Force, I don't remember." Jyn's brow furrows into a frown and she looks over at Cassian. She has to turn the hover-chair to do it, her neck still too stiff to move well. "Pilot Shara Bey and I are old friends," Cassian explains. His voice is even gravellier than it used to be. "Was the flight from Scarif bumpy? That's her specialty." Shara laughs, and the sound makes Cassian's stomach flip. She looks so much like she did when they met five years ago, only with more lines around her eyes and her hair falling loose around her face, long and dark. "I'm the best pilot in the Rebel Alliance, I'll have you know," she says. "Ask anyone." "I believe that," Cassian says. "If you got us out of there, you must be." "Jyn says your droid got you out of a similar situation on Jedha," Shara says, immediately modest. "I'm sorry for your loss." It catches Cassian off-guard, and he can only nod for a second. Her face is so kind and open, and no one's offered him a condolence for Kay-Tu, not even Jyn. Cassian nods, forces himself to speak past the lump in his throat. "Thank you. I had a backup of his motherboard configuration back on Yavin, so maybe if I get back there someday... I'm good with droids." "I remember," Shara says. Cassian tries to: his memory of that day is fuzzy, but he'd probably stayed as close to the truth as he dared, talking with her. He had told her he was a droid salesman, hadn't he? "Well," Jyn says, "I was going to introduce you two, but obviously you're beyond that." Shara shakes her head and laughs. "Barely. Didn't even get his real name before he escaped out the cantina's bathroom window." The look Jyn gives him for that makes Cassian laugh for the first time in... he doesn't know how long. Months, maybe. It quickly turns into a hacking cough, but he doesn't stop smiling. It reminds him of Kay-Tu, honestly, which hurts, taking longer than it should before he realizes that it's actual physical pain and not just the missing that has him holding his ribs. Shara and Jyn both look concerned. "I'm fine," Cassian says. "Yeah, obviously," Jyn agrees. "He needs more meds." She's talking over him to Shara now. "I'll go," Shara says. She touches Jyn's shoulder gently and smiles across the room to Cassian. "I'm glad you're up, Captain. I – I'm really glad that you're gonna be okay." It feels like a thaw in the perpetual cold. "Thank you," Cassian says, "For everything. I can't believe it was you." Shara's eyebrows rise. "It is crazy... maybe you got a touch of the Force. Todo pasa por una razón." She waves and disappears through the door. Jyn says something about getting a med droid to look at Cassian's ribs, and she follows. I am one with the Force, and the Force is with me. Cassian can still hear it ringing in his ears. * * * They don't put Cassian back into bacta immersion, which is an improvement. He has to lie very still in the cot with a large bacta patch over most of his side, and it hurts to breathe more than shallow little gasps, but the bones did not break again, hollowed out from the inside by radiation. They're just contused. Sore. And soft. He's so tired . Even the short physio workout earlier was enough to wipe him out. It's hard to believe he'd ever been able to climb that spire. Walk across that beach. Cassian dozes, a holoreel of news from Coruscant playing on low volume from a pod at his bedside. He listens, but not really. Alderaan is gone. Cassian knew Bail Organa for most of his life. He spied for him as a child, going to Imperial events as his page or a playmate for his daughter. He was a good man. He's gone. A lot of good men are gone. Cassian falls asleep again. He wakes, and Kes is by the bed, slumped in a chair that wasn't there the last time Cassian remembers being awake. He's reading something on a datapad, the toe of his boot scuffing the floor rhythmically. For a moment Cassian could believe they're back in the little tent they shared on the training mission where they first met. Months under the same canvas roof, and Cassian had learned every tick Kes had. Most of the men they served with on that mission are probably dead now too. Melshi. Tonc. Probably more. Cassian knows that even if they were alive, they wouldn't come sit vigil at his bedside like Kes, but it still stings to know that they can't . "Hey," Kes says, softly. "I brought you some tea if you can drink it." Cassian blinks. "I haven't eaten or drunk anything since before the mission. It's all just tubes." He's been avoiding looking in mirrors. He probably looks as gaunt as that Tarkin bastard in the holos. "The doctor said it was okay if you felt up to it." Kes gives him a measured look. "Do you want to try?" Cassian nods. "First tea, then chilaquiles." "How is it that no matter what I bring you, all you want is chilaquiles," Kes laughs. "I'll see what I can scrounge up. You want me to hold the cup?" "I can do it," Cassian says. Embarrassment squirms in his gut. "Give it here." Kes holds it just out of reach. "Hey, I said do you want me to, not do you need me to. Don't be like that." "I can do it," Cassian insists. "I want to try. I'm sick of being here, all the tubes and the beeping. If I can't do it, I can still command you to help me, you know." Kes smirks at him. "Have you ever needed to command me, Captain?" Cassian refuses to smile back and just holds his hand out for the plastifoam cup. His wrist is much narrower around than he remembers. But it's just a cup of tea; he can hold a cup of tea. If he could climb that spire, he can do anything. Kes hands it to him carefully. It's barely two-thirds full, like either he suspected Cassian might spill it or he's been drinking it before Cassian woke up. It takes both hands after the first few shallow, wincing sips, but Cassian manages. His throat protests the use, and he drinks barely another third of the tea before he feels full to bursting. "It's got Vir honey in it," Kes says. "Should help your throat." He takes the cup as Cassian's hands start to shake, and looks him over carefully. "You gonna keep it down or should I—" "I think I'm okay," Cassian says. He feels groggy, but in a pleasant way, and he smiles muzzily at Kes. "Isn't Vir honey a class-C spice?" "Maybe," Kes says. "It's supposed to be a painkiller. Tee-Ex said it'd be okay with what you're already on." Cassian has gotten used to his throat hurting as a fact of life any time he's conscious, but for now it does ache a little less. Jyn's taken to sucking on pain lozenges all day, but she also says that being up and out of bed keeps her mind off it. Cassian doesn't get a choice; he's on bed rest for another week. All he can do is think about it. Cassian smiles. "Next time put some stims in. I need to practice being awake." He yawns. "Steal some from a pilot. It should be an easy theft." "Considering I'm sharing a room with one again," Kes laughs. "It should be." He shakes his head. "Although Shara'd kill me if I stole her stims." "You've met Shara Bey?" Cassian holds back another yawn, rubs his full belly. He's almost comfortable. "She's who saved me." Kes gives him an odd look. "Well, yeah. Shara's my wife." * * * The sun is streaming through the window when Cassian opens his eyes to find Jyn is back in the cot beside his. The hoverchair has disappeared, and a cane – like Gerrera's, to match her new leg – rests against the side of the bed. "Hey, sleepyhead," she says without looking. "You drooled a lot." Cassian wipes his mouth with the back of his hand and grimaces. "Are you all right?" "Nearly better," Jyn says. That's all she ever says when he asks. "I've hacked a comm channel to broadcast out on Saw's frequency. I want to track down whoever's left from his team. He was too paranoid to have kept everyone at his personal base." "Are you leaving?" Cassian is awake very suddenly; his chest aches with how fast his heart has started pounding. "Not until you're better," Jyn says. She rustles on her mattress and turns to face him, her eyes bright and big. "But I think I can find Fulcrum and bring her back." " I was Fulcrum. Ahsoka is dead," Cassian says, dully. "So were we," Jyn says back. "And we don't even have the Force. What do you mean, you were Fulcrum?" "After she died, that name passed to me," Cassian says. His mouth tastes horrible for the first time since he's been in the med bay, and he wants to clean his teeth. "It's a name for spies. People who can play both sides without blinking. I spent six months as an Imperial aide when I was fourteen. I was the third Fulcrum, then." Jyn is quiet for a moment. "When you say dead, you mean… because she faced Vader in that temple?" Cassian nods. He presses the bedside button for another drip of opimorph. Jyn nods, resolutely. "Well, that's not good enough for me. It's worth looking." Cassian's already overheard the hushed discussion of places to go looking for Vader after the destruction of the Death Star and the disappearance of his TIE. It's a good axiom for the careful and the paranoid: unless you've seen the body, don't assume anyone is dead. It's not a mission he particularly wants to lead, though. "Will you come back?" "I hope so," Jyn says. She won't promise him, and he's grateful – he wouldn't promise her that, either, if it were him leaving. "I can't go with you," Cassian says, softly. He's not in the physical shape for it, but even if his body could ship out tomorrow, he's experienced enough to know his mind wouldn't be ready. "I know," Jyn says. "I wouldn't ask you to. I'm used to working alone." Cassian lays his hand out on the mattress, palm up, an offering. "I wish that I could." Jyn reaches across the gap between their beds and their hands slide together. "Thank you. For coming back for me." He knows, somehow, that she doesn't mean on the spire. She means here, in this med bay. "I'm glad I met you," he says. It isn't enough: isn't an explanation. A part of him had wanted to kiss her on that beach, and it hovers between them now. But he'll never be sure how much of that part of him is just trying to avoid his feelings for Kes. And that isn't fair to Jyn or to himself. "I know." Jyn squeezes his hand. Her lips press together. Cassian can't imagine that being raised by Saw Gerrera lends to being able to feel very easily – it's hard enough for him, and he had seen, on occasion, how open Bail Organa could be with his wife and daughter. "You're an incredible person," Cassian says, because she should be told that every day for the rest of her life. "My father was an incredible person," Jyn says, softly. "And my mother. I just wanted to do what they would do." "I think you did exactly what they would have done," Cassian says. "And they'd both be so proud of you." He clears his throat. "You deserve so much happiness, Jyn, and I hope you find it out there." "We all deserve happiness," Jyn says. "You do, too. I think as long as there's light, we've got a chance for that." Cassian laughs quietly. "I think you've got a better chance of finding it than I have." "He's sat by your bed every day since we came back." Jyn squeezes his hand again. "He's also married to the pilot who picked us up off the beach," Cassian says. It's the first time he's said it out loud, and it catches a little in his throat. Jyn blinks. "I wouldn't have guessed that." "I recruited her," Cassian adds, because it seems important to give all the details to the holonovela that is his life now. "That's what she said," Jyn confirms. "Something about being locked in a public bathroom together." "It wasn't like that," Cassian grumbles, although he remembers distinctly wondering what it would've been like if it had , at the time. He'd thought Shara was beautiful, of course, and sharp and funny. He'd hoped for months afterwards that he might run into her again: that she might take up the offer of the holochip and turn up at an alliance recruitment location. "I wouldn't judge you if it had." Jyn shrugs the best she can. "I had just met her." Cassian sighs. "And then later, I met Kes, and... I didn't know – I knew Kes was married, but his wife was always away. She's the best pilot we've got. I never put it together." "Is that why you didn't kiss me?" Jyn asks. "I wanted you to, you know." Cassian turns pink. She'll be able to feel how clammy his hand is, too. Jyn just smiles at him. "It's all right. It was – that was a confusing few days. It's probably better you didn't." "I wanted to," Cassian says, quickly. "But I still have feelings for – for someone else, and that wouldn't have been fair. I'm sorry." "I made my peace with it while you were still unconscious," Jyn says. "When he fell asleep with his head on your cot the first night you were out of the bacta tank." Cassian hadn't known that happened, and she must be able to see it on his face. "And anyway, it'd be harder to leave if you had kissed me." Jyn looks sad but determined. "And I learnt from you that keeping my head down isn't enough anymore." Cassian rubs his thumb over the back of her cracked knuckles. "It would make it worse if I apologized again, yes?" Jyn's nose wrinkles as she nods. "Don't apologize for your feelings," she says. "That's one of the good things I learnt from Saw. He meant anger, but I think it's gotta be true for everything. Don't apologize for your feelings." "Even the inconvenient ones?" Cassian laughs. It had been bad enough, having feelings for Kes when he knew he had a wife somewhere abroad in the Galaxy. Now, if he ever gets out of this med bay, he'll have to face that reality every day. "Especially those." Jyn lets go of his hand and lies back against her pile of pillows. Her eyes drift shut. "They're what make change happen." Hoth | 0 ABY, 1st Month It feels too soon when the med droids release Cassian from inpatient status to outpatient status. He's never been to this base other than the med bay, and he doesn't even know where the control center is to find Mon Mothma and ask, 'What now? Do you still need me? Please still need me; what can I do?' He's sitting on the edge of the cot, folding the extra shirt they gave him into the small laundry sack that holds his few possessions, when Kes comes in. "They haven't assigned you a room yet, have they?" Cassian looks up at the mountain of parka and balaclava that is Kes. He shakes his head. "Not yet. I'm waiting to find out my duties." He hesitates, then gestures to his still-healing side. "My ribs, I'm not able to – our Pathfinder squad is down one sniper for a while." "Duties," Kes rolls his eyes. "Fuerza. You're on leave, Cassian. Indefinitely. Your job is to get better." He glances around the room. "Where's your cane? Crutches?" "I don't have crutches." Cassian stands. "Tee-Ex said I should practice standing and walking until I get tired. Then I have a chair." "Is it here?" Kes gestures. "Shara and I want you to stay with us. The doctor said you should be with someone who can make sure you take your meds." "You don't have to do that," Cassian says, heart beating faster. "Kay-Tu—" His breath catches. "Never mind." "I know." Kes steps close and rests his hand on Cassian's shoulder. "You shouldn't be alone right now. Please? There's an extra cot in our room and we won't make it awkward, I promise." He squeezes gently at the tense muscle winding up to Cassian's nape. "It'll be just like the old days, before you left on super important spy business again." Cassian laughs drily. "It's not up to you not to make things awkward; I'm the third navicomputer as they say. I'm sure there's an unmarried junior aide somewhere who I can order around." Kes' hand slips from his shoulder and he frowns, shoving it in his pocket. "You'd really rather live with some junior aide who doesn't give a shit about whether your bacta patch dried out in the night?" "No," Cassian admits. "Of course I want to live with you, but Shara... I don't want her to resent me. I don't want to get in your way." "It was Shara's idea," Kes says. "We'll all have different schedules, anyway. We won't get in each other's way." The thing is: Cassian is used to pain. Even before Scarif, he was used to pain, but now it is most of his world. He can handle pain, lock it away until what is more important has been accomplished. It is what he's done for most of his life. It's what he's done since he met Kes, training in the jungle on Yavin 4, the two of them in a canvas sleeper-pod for almost five months while he qualified Kes in top-level intelligence tactics. Kes is the best tracker the Alliance has ever had. He's the best non-robotic friend Cassian's ever had. And the first person Cassian has had feelings for in years. And married. "If you aren't comfortable with it I'll find someone else," Kes says, softly. "But it needs to be someone you can trust." "I trust you," Cassian says. And he does. "If you're sure it's okay... I'll come with you." "I'm sure," Kes nods. "So is Shara. She's gone on a supply run 'til tomorrow, but we can get you settled in now if you're ready." "Bueno, pues." Cassian stands. He feels slow, like a droid that needs an oil bath. "Lead the way." It's a short walk, but by the time Kes stops in front of a door and punches the maglock, Cassian is out of breath and hurting. His side is the worst – he can feel the bacta pad peeling away, which means the blaster wound is weeping again. He'll have to change it with one of the fresh pads and gauze that TX-3298 sent with them. "It's not much, but it's four walls and a roof," Kes shrugs. "So, better than our tent, huh?" Cassian glances around. The room is dim – there's a single overhead fixture, obviously newly rigged, exposed wiring running down the wall. The light sways gently, casting shadows on cold stone walls: there are two cots pressed together against the far side of the room, with a trunk beside them to serve as a nightstand. There's a set of bunked cots against the other wall: no mattress on the top bunk, but boards for storage, and the bottom has a clean pallet and neatly folded blankets, like Kes just picked them up from commissary. The only indulgence is the portable heater crackling in the corner, its orange glow seducing Cassian closer like a bloodbug to a lantern. "I'll bring it over by the bed," Kes says. "You look like you're about to fall over." He tucks his hand in the crook of Cassian's elbow and tugs him gently toward the bottom bunk. "I've had enough falling for a lifetime," Cassian grunts. The bed isn't soft, but at least it's different from the one in the med bay. "Why did Mon pick this planet? It's too cold." "It's really fucking remote," Kes says, lifting Cassian's legs into the bed and easing the blanket up over his knees. "We're completely underground here, too." Cassian rubs his face. "I can tell." He blinks up at Kes. "Where's the control center? I should go after just a small nap." Kes brings the heater over and angles it up so that the warmth washes over Cassian's legs. He bends over to sit on the side of the mattress. "Cassian, you're not cleared for duty for another two weeks." "I can start catching up on paperwork," Cassian argues. "I haven't even officially debriefed yet. I have to get read into the new ops. I must be a month behind on intel reports..." "You almost died," Kes says, and he isn't looking at Cassian. "Can you just – hold on, for a few days, and let yourself get better? Fuerza omnipotente." The heater crackles, melting the ice that coats the walls of the small bunk so that they pop and drip just loudly enough to be heard. "I don't want it to be worth nothing," Cassian says finally. "I know enough to know almost none of us are left." "It's already worth something," Kes says. "We took down the Death Star. New people are coming every week. Hell, we've even got a Jedi now." He scuffs the heel of his boot against the floor. "I thought you were dead, Cassian, when I heard the reports from Scarif. I don't want to lose you now because you won't take the fucking time to—" he breaks off, wipes his hand across his mouth. "I thought there were no Jedi," Cassian says, to avoid saying anything else. Only dreamers like this fool . Kes laughs, hoarsely. "Yeah. Well, it turns out Kenobi had been around for years – watching over the last one, on Tatooine. His name's Luke Skywalker, took the shot on the Death Star reactors. Blew up just like the plans said." Chirrut would have been so glad to know that. Chirrut and Baze should have been on Tatooine protecting the Jedi, not living on the street outside an abandoned temple. Left to die. Kes seems to sense his pain, and curls his hand over Cassian's knee through the blanket. "You want to hear the rest of the gossip you missed?" "Sure," Cassian says. He burrows a little deeper into the nest of blankets and coats. The used bacta stinks of overripe fruit. "I'll tell you all the nastiest shit if you let me change your bandages before you fall asleep." "All right, all right." Cassian pushes away some of the comforters. "But if my nipples freeze off, I'm blaming you." "It would be a shame," Kes agrees, taking out new gauze and peeling the protective strip from a fresh bacta patch. He lays it in his lap and gets the blankets clear of Cassian's torso, peels Cassian's layers of shirt up. "So," he says, easing the used pad free and wiping the edges of the wound with the antiseptic the med droid packed for them. "You remember Antilles? Used to fly for Senator Organa. He's joined up as a pilot. He and the Jedi are real close ." "That doesn't surprise me," Cassian says. He winces as Kes' fingers press against his healing ribs. "Antilles and I met sometimes in the back rooms at functions when we were both aides. He would like a pretty Jedi." Kes glances up at him and grins. "You ever – ?" "Of course." Cassian winces again as he pulls his shirts back down. "Not often." Kes nods, tucking the covers in before he gets up to throw away the used patch. "The Alderaanian princess is here, too. The Jedi's with her most of the time, and the smuggler who brought them. I've met him; he seems decent." "I do like a good smuggler." Cassian breathes shallowly to avoid putting more pressure on his ribs, or taking in more of the bacta's fruit smell. "Do we know him?" "By name, maybe," Kes shrugs. "Han Solo. I've seen some warrants. Never met him in person. Have you?" "No, I've heard not to work with him," Cassian says. "He's more of a petty thief than a smuggler, from what I hear. But his partner is respected on Kashyyyk. A warrior wookiee from the Clone Wars. That could be useful." Kes brings over a bottle of water, and digs two pills out of their little metal skin. "You should take these before you pass out." "I'm not going to pass out, kriff." Cassian yawns. "I'm just not used to being awake anymore." "Your body's telling you you need rest," Kes says. "Do you want anything else? Chilaquiles?" "Not today. A side of nerf ribs and Ivarujari hot sauce," Cassian says. "And conchas festanas. They don't make those anymore, though." "I can see what the caf has," Kes grins. "Gracias." Cassian closes his eyes. "When is your next shift?" "Not until after midnight standard," Kes says. "So… still a good six hours." That's the late shift, which means Kes should already be sleeping, making sure he's well rested for the early morning watch. "You don't have to watch me sleep," Cassian says, smiling in spite of himself. "I know I'm beautiful, but..." "I'm just glad to have you back," Kes says, sitting down on the cot opposite Cassian's. "Oh, please." Cassian finds a way to lie down that might even be comfortable to get some real sleep. "I'll just be in your way. You and your wife don't need an invalid to babysit." "We already had this conversation," Kes reminds him. "We want you here. You can think of it as our contribution to the war effort, if it makes you feel better. Operation: give grumpy old war heroes a home." "Vete a la chingada," Cassian murmurs, already almost asleep. "I'm not old. I'll never be old." "You will if I have anything to do with it," Kes sighs, and kicks off his boots. He'll set his alarm in time to get Cassian something to eat before he leaves for his shift later. * * * Kes is gone when Cassian next wakes. Shara is in his place: a datapad sits across the top of her knees, a stack of datachips beside her, her hair in a messy knot, where she curls up in a ball under the blankets in Kes' bed. Kes and Shara's bed. "Hey," she says, glancing over at him. "How're you feeling?" "Cold." Cassian gathers the blankets closer around himself and looks over at her. "What are you working on?" "Something for you, actually," Shara grins. "Kes picked up a new datapad for you; I'm trying to upload some of your old files." "You don't have to do that," Cassian says, gruff to cover up that he's touched. "Give it here, I can do it. I'll pay him back, too." Shara shrugs and pads across the floor to perch on the side of his bed. The files she drops in his lap are all labeled in his own handwriting: they're the ones from his locker at the Yavin base. He sifts through them until he finds one labeled Complete Programming Specs, K-2SO . He holds Kay-Tu's brain in his hands. "Where did you get these?" Shara shrugs. "Kes had the extra key to your locker. I think your droid must’ve given it to him. When we got the orders to come here, and you were still in a med coma, Kes and I emptied everything out, brought it here for when you woke up." Cassian has to blink back tears, because he misses Kay-Tu. Never even got to say goodbye. He remembers the last garbled transmission, the sound of blasters. Climb! Climb! But he didn't answer. "Thank you," he says, softly. "I would hate to lose this." "The pad should work for going through the code," Shara nods. "Something for you to do while you're off-duty." "Thank you," Cassian says again. Shara grins, white teeth tugging her lower lip, and pulls a small knapsack down from the second bunk. "I didn't go through anything other than the tapes, I just put it all in here." Cassian opens the pack and there's his flimsipad, a few shirts. The small, fuzzy holo of his parents back on Fest. A dozen datachips with versions of Kay-Tu that build together into who it was at the end. "Kes said you'd probably need to eat before you take more medicine," Shara says, quietly, standing up. "I was going to run to the caf, can I bring you anything?" "I can get it myself," Cassian says, and unwraps the blankets. The cold is brutal here. He carefully, carefully stands. "Lead the way." "All right." Shara picks up her jacket and shrugs into it, over her already layered sweaters and vest. "Should we bring the chair just in case?" Cassian wants to say no, but he hasn't risen to the rank of captain by being pigheaded all the time. "I think it would be a good idea." Shara nods, and tugs it out from under the bed. It folds inconspicuously small, which is a blessing. "If we hurry, Kes' unit might still be eating." She offers her arm to Cassian to lean on. He gets a flash of leaning on Jyn as they struggled toward the water, watching as the sky filled with yellow light, the smell of copper and carbon and smoke, rotten-body smells mixing with the scent of cooking meat as the heat grew and grew and charred people black, stormtroopers and rebels alike. "We don't have to hurry, though," Shara says, quietly. "We can eat with Kes any time, it's not that special." "It's okay," Cassian murmurs. He's lost any appetite he had. Shara eases her arm around his waist, mindful of his ribs. "Do you still want to do this?" "I want to get back to work," Cassian says. "I want to get well." "You can do all that and still need to get back in bed right now," Shara says, sounding – just like Kes, Cassian realizes. It makes him set his jaw, first, a quick frustrated grind of his teeth, and then he exhales and puts on a reassuring smile. "I can do it. I told your husband that I want nerf ribs." "Good luck finding those here," Shara says under her breath, and hits the maglock for the door. "Come on, Captain." It's slow going, which gives Cassian time to take in the sight of Echo Base. It's familiar in the way that all Rebel bases are, after twenty years, but just different enough to be disconcerting. The biggest difference is the emptiness : they've had bare-bones crews before, but Cassian only counts ten people between the barracks and the mess. "Everyone's spread pretty thin," Shara says, quietly, as they enter the mess hall. There are scattered groups at different tables, but it's still not a lot of people. "How many people did we lose on Scarif?" Cassian asks. "We... we didn't see most of the fight." It's the first time Shara’s looked sorry for him. She smoothes it over quickly, but it's there in the set of her mouth as she leads him to the food line. "Almost the entire fleet. We still have most of our ground crews, but we never had that many." "And the Death Star?" Cassian asks. "I know we were too late. I heard the news that Alderaan..." Shara frowns. "No, you – there was nothing we could do for Alderaan, but the Death Star was destroyed. The Jedi hit the reactor, just like your transmission said to." "Good." Some of the knotted pain in Cassian's chest releases with that. They knew what to do because Rogue One did what they could. They knew what to do because – because he had trusted Jyn and his gut and maybe even the Force instead of following the order to shoot Galen Erso. That's a strange thought, and he doesn't want to acknowledge it yet, so instead he asks: "How did you know to come back for us?" Shara props him up between her hip and the counter of the food line, getting plates for both of them. "I heard your pilot's call to the fleet. When he told General Raddus that the shields had to be disabled to get the plans patched through." She pauses, putting rolls on both their plates. "I was trying to trace his signal, see where your ship was, but the connection went dead, and I... figured if any of Rogue were left, they'd need a new way out." Bodhi did it . Cassian hadn't even known – but he got to the master switch and got the message out for Jyn. Bodhi did so much. Bodhi saved so many people, and Cassian didn't even thank him for defecting from the Imperials. Shara puts some kind of limp green vegetable on Cassian's plate and her own. "Anyway, I was just scanning the beach when I saw you and Erso having a tender moment, but I figured you'd forgive me for interrupting." "I'm glad you did," Cassian says. "I can't speak for Jyn." "Jyn's quite capable of speaking for herself," Shara laughs. "I heard she was leaving soon. I'm sorry." "I wish I could help her on her mission." Cassian watches Shara spoon some grey-tinged stew onto both of their plates. "She's good." "I don't see why you can't. She'll need a contact here. Or you could follow her when you're better?" She says this last with a slight question, glancing at him. "Maybe," Cassian says. It's all he can feel about that prospect. Jyn, for Cassian, might always be maybe . Hoth | 0 ABY, 2nd Month Cassian lasts another two days before he hauls himself down to the command center. He has to talk to Mon – to someone, in charge – they have to let him do something. He's gone through Kay-Tu's coding a dozen times, and it's still so raw that he can't look at it anymore. He refuses to take the hover-chair, and he gets lost once because this base is just different enough from the others that he takes one wrong turn after another. It takes him an hour to make it to the control center alone, but he does it. He manages. That's what he does. "Captain," someone says as he enters, and it feels like everyone in the room turns to look. Cassian gives them a nod and heads straight for Mon. He's not here to be gossip fodder. "Captain Andor. The Galaxy can never repay its debt to you." Mon Mothma stands and inclines her head. "It is good to see you." "It's good to see you too, Senator." Cassian folds his hands behind him, and the old gesture aches, pulls at his shoulders and ribs in a way that wouldn't have hurt before. Mon looks at him just below the neck like she can see the way that it twinges. "Why are you here, Captain?" "I'm ready to resume my post," Cassian says. "I know Jyn – Sergeant Erso – is leaving soon to look for the original Fulcrum. There is much to do." Mon considers him for a moment. "We would welcome you rejoining us, Captain, if you feel ready to do so." Cassian quirks a smile. "I'm always ready, Senator." "We should discuss your new duties," Mon says, and gestures him forward. "Come." She has a small room off the main chamber of the command center, and a droid is brewing tea over a hot plate. She pours for them both without asking, and Cassian curls his hands around the heavy porcelain mug gratefully. It is painfully cold on this planet. He doesn't know if he would have noticed so much before his nerves were remade brand-new. "Senator," he begins, voice steady, "I know that the mission to Scarif was unsanctioned and cost the Rebel Alliance undue casualties, but—" "Myself and Commander Dodonna are very proud of your efforts on Scarif," Mon says. "Admiral Raddus was appreciative as well, and I know if he were here today he would be pushing for your commendation." Cassian shows nothing on his face, but inside he throbs with an unnameable pain: Admiral Raddus taught Cassian to swim when he was six years old, remained a good friend all these years later, was the only higher-up in the rank-and-file who listened and came to Scarif to help. "What happened on Scarif was a horrible tragedy for so many," Mon continues, gently, "and we must never forget that. But it was also our very first victory against the Empire, Cassian. You and Sergeant Erso recovered the information that made the destruction of their super weapon possible. The Empire was forced to destroy much of their own data archive." "Yes, ma'am." Cassian won't argue if she wants to call it a victory. Those are, indeed, few and far between. "I only wish we had not been detained on Jedha, so that we could have transmitted this information before the loss of Alderaan." Mon's face never falters. "Even if you had transmitted the information earlier, Captain, there is no guarantee Alderaan could have been saved. We can only work with what is , not what might have been." Cassian envies her certainty. "Yes, ma'am," he says. "Of course." He rocks back on his heels. "So what's next?" "I want you to help coordinate our intelligence efforts here," Mon says. " You’ll also pursue our connections with the disbanded Senate. I want to know who we can look to for supplies, recruitment opportunities, and untraceable financial contributions." She pauses. "Particularly after the loss of Alderaan, we are in need of well-placed financiers." Cassian considers that. "You're taking me out of the field?" It feels like a demotion. "I'm asking you to serve where I most need you," Mon says, giving him a cool look. "Will you do that, Captain?" "I – yes, ma'am." Cassian hasn't been stationed anywhere consistent, without fieldwork, since he was ten years old. "What is it that you'd have me do?" "Start by going through all of our current contacts." Mon pours herself another cup of tea. "I want our dossiers updated. If we have a gap, I want it filled. Senator Organa can help you compile a list of potential new contacts from former senators and their aides." "Ma'am?" Senator Organa? Cassian could've sworn—"Was the senator not on Alderaan when the Empire used the Death Star again?" Mon looks, for the first time, slightly shaken. She puts down her cup and clears her throat. "The viceroy was, yes. To the best of our knowledge. His daughter, Junior Senator Leia Organa, is here with us now. She will be assisting you in your intelligence coordination." Cassian's heart tugs: he'd been furiously jealous at seven when the viceroy and his wife adopted their daughter, because Cassian had held a tiny flame of hope that maybe the kind senator saw him like a son. It was Bail who found him on Fest, sleeping in a corner of the destroyed local temple, stealing to eat. The Clone War ended so suddenly, the Empire took over so suddenly, and all Cassian had left was throwing bottles and rocks at the newly-installed stormtroopers in their Clone armor. A large hand that smelled of real soap had grabbed his wrist when he reared back to throw a flaming bit of garbage at Emperor Palpatine, and a man who didn't even blink when Cassian spit at him murmured, "If you want to attack the chancellor, you'll have to be a bit more subtle." And then Bail Organa swept Cassian away with him to a ship to meet Mon Mothma, and he's been at her side ever since. He will miss Bail Organa. "Perhaps you can introduce us," Cassian says, belatedly. "I haven't had the pleasure of meeting Her Highness in some time." He remembers an enthusiastic young girl with long dark hair, holding onto her father's arm on the dance floor. She stood right on Bail's shined boots, and he clearly adored her, and Cassian's lonely heart hated her. He stole Kay-Tu not long after. "Yes, of course." Mon Mothma recovers herself as well as a longtime senator would be expected to do. "When she returns with pilot Verlaine from their mission, I will set up a briefing." "Thank you, Senator." Cassian takes a sip of his tea. It's gone cold, but still tastes faintly floral. He can't bring himself to finish it, and he hopes Mon won't be offended. "Captain," Mon says, "Cassian. How are you?" Cassian blinks. "I'm fine, ma'am. Ready for duty." Mon Mothma folds her elegant hands. They are older than Cassian remembers, spidered with blue veins visible through skin pale and thin as crepe. "I have had only one other intelligence officer survive as many missions as you, Captain. That was Saw Gerrera." Cassian knows. He knows the statistics. Knows the percentages. He should've died on Scarif. Mon clears her throat. "It would be completely understandable if you never wanted to return to active duty." "But I do," Cassian says right away. "I want to help." "I am simply saying," Mon sets her cup down, "that I understand the sacrifices you have made for this Alliance, Captain Andor. I want to be sure that if you continue to make them, you do so with all the support that we can offer." "I don't think of it as a sacrifice. It's what I have to do. If I don't do this..." He gestures, palms open. "Then what is the point?" "You have served your entire life," Mon says, quietly. "Is it possible that your perspective is skewed?" Cassian shrugs. "How would I know? There is this, or there is the Empire. In some ways, we have all been fighting all our lives." "At some point we all have to stop," Mon says. "We are not fighting for the sake of fighting, but for the hope that one day we won't have to fight. I think it's easy to forget that." Her nails click on the table top. "Even people like you and I, Captain, who have very little to lose, have to remember what we are fighting for ." Cassian had forgotten, and he wonders how she knew. But he remembered. In the rain on Eadu, in his sniper's nest, he remembered. It might be why he's still here. He chose to fight for hope , like he'd glibly told Jyn that she must do. It was a line, when he said it. But through the scope, he'd watched Galen Erso step in front of the line of fire coming for his men, and he thought... maybe what Bodhi says is true. Maybe what Jyn thinks is true. Maybe we can really stop all of this. * * * Cassian leans against the stack of crates and watches as Jyn confers with Mon Mothma by the cargo shuttle's loading hatch. The hangar is even colder than the rest of the base, and Cassian feels like one of the astromechs, stiff and chugging slightly as they move around the ships. The air aches in his lungs – catches when Jyn glances over and nods at him. She's found her mission, and he's glad of that. If the real Fulcrum is out there, he has no doubt that Jyn will find her. Cassian's new intelligence officers have already confirmed that many of Saw's guerilla fighters – the two Tognaths among them – survived the massacre on Jedha. After Mon sweeps back toward the command center in a gentle swishing of rich furs and shaak leather, Jyn turns toward the corner where Cassian is lurking near some crates of explosives. She looks tiny buried in the huge green-gray parka. Her metal leg has cleats that grip into the ice underfoot as she makes her way over to Cassian. "I should have got one of those," Cassian gestures to it, then indicates his own leg. He's still holding his weight unevenly. "You're welcome to it," Jyn says as she smiles wryly. "But you seem to be avoiding physio as it is." "I don't want to get too bulked up," Cassian blusters. "I want to give the other handsome Rebels a chance, you know." "Like Dameron?" Jyn's smile widens. "He's not bad-looking. Nice and sturdy." "Don't you have a planet far, far away to get to?" Cassian tries to scowl, but it comes out a sad smile. Jyn bats his arm. "You realize you aren't getting rid of me that easily, right? I've got orders to stay in constant contact with the new intelligence coordinator – oh, what's his name? Andor, I think." "And you had better," Cassian says. "You're part of an organization now. This is my family. You are my family, too, now, and I'm responsible for you. No going off-script." "Is this the speech you give all the new recruits?" Jyn's smile is confident, but there's teeth behind it. "No," Cassian says, quietly. "Just the ones I really care about." He steps in close and wraps his arms around her neck, tugging her close against his jacket front. Jyn buries her face beneath his chin, her breath warm and miraculously alive against his neck. Cassian rests his cheek on the top of her head, almost tucked into the fur-lined hood with her so that he can smell the skin and sweat smell on her hair. He'd been prepared to die in her arms, just like this. He still could without regrets. "Will you do something for me?" Jyn asks, muffled. "While I'm gone?" "Anything," Cassian promises, feeling her breath against his skin. They're alive. He can do anything. "Try to be happy," Jyn says, peering up at him. "I don't think the people here know that you can smile." Cassian doesn't say anything, just holds Jyn as close as he can without causing either of them pain. "I can smile," he argues, finally, after a nearby astromech whistles to itself and toodles off. "I know that," Jyn says. "But I'm not sure anyone else does." She tugs at his collar, straightening it as she steps away. "I have never had many reasons to smile." Cassian wants to step close again, follow her. He needs to go with her, to protect her from whatever's out there – she's only here because of him, she was only on Scarif because of him, and if he hadn't climbed up that spire and gotten to Krennic in time, if he's not there next time – Jyn smiles, a soft thing that smoothes out her face, makes her eyes sparkle. Stardust. "I'd say Kes Dameron is a pretty convincing reason to smile, Cassian." "No mames, Fuerza." Cassian looks over his shoulder. "He has a wife , Jyn." "A beautiful wife who saved your life once already and suggested you move in with them," Jyn rolls her eyes at him. "I'm just saying." "I don't know how that makes it better," Cassian says. "And not worse. It doesn't make me want to smile." He cups Jyn's cheek in one hand and twines their fingers together with the other. "But for you, I will try." "You're not nearly as stupid as you're acting right now," Jyn informs him, and turns her head to kiss his palm loudly. "I'm just realistic." Cassian turns her hand in his so that he can kiss her knuckles. "Just because I spend a lot of time with droids doesn't mean I don't understand how people work. Kes and Shara have each other. Soon enough, I'll be well and they won't need to babysit me." He kisses the fleshy part of Jyn's thumb. "You and I make our own endings," Jyn shrugs. "And someone once told me that rebellions are built on hope. Maybe relationships are, too." Chapter 4 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 2nd Month It's been a month and Echo Base still feels different from the home the Alliance had made on Yavin, and not just because it's cold enough outside to freeze a tauntaun solid. There are so few people left, for one thing, so few pilots – although new recruits are trickling in, more every week. There are so few of the people that Cassian grew up with left. He feels like he's outlived an entire generation. Cassian and Mon Mothma are the last of an old guard. And then there's the Alderaanian princess, the one Mon always refers to as junior senator and who everyone else refers to as your highness . Her friends, the Jedi and the smuggler, appear to have decided to stay, too. Cassian likes them all well enough, especially the smuggler, who seems to respect Kes if he respects anyone on the whole base. Kes beat him once at sabacc, and Han Solo seemed to like that. But there's something about the three of them that makes the whole base feel too small sometimes, like every time Cassian turns a corner, there they are, a mess of hormones and confusion and a fog of what might be the Force, though Cassian isn't sure that it works that way. And there's no escaping outside when the princess of Alderaan starts yelling, because it's cold enough to freeze a kriffing tauntaun solid . He starts to volunteer for extra shifts on watch: while he can't take the patrols – riding out to the ice fields would aggravate all the internal injuries that the doctor insists are still healing – he can manage the steps up to the parapets that overlook the tundra approach. (If there is anything that Cassian can do, it's climb.) It makes him feel useful in a way that going through dossiers and putting together communications plans still doesn't. "I don't think I like ice planets," Shara laments one evening, curling closer into Cassian's side next to the space heater in the watch tower. When she found out that he insisted on taking active duty, she signed up for the same shifts as Cassian. She says it's something to do when Kes is working with the new recruits and the pilots are all grounded. "I think I'd prefer Ivarujar to this." "More things that'd eat you on Ivarujar," Cassian points out. "Even with the wampas, I'd rather be here." Shara grunts and sticks her face into the curve of Cassian's armpit. He tries not to squirm. He's not used to how touchy Shara is, although he remembers having the same adjustment period when he met Kes. The casual intimacy of an arm slung around his shoulders, hands touching briefly at hips or waist to guide him – Kes and Shara speak the same body language. "It's because you're warm-blooded," Shara grumps. "I swear, you're ten times more comfortable than anyone else here. And you don't have to deal with Kes' icy toes every night." Cassian laughs, pulls his scarf up over his mouth and nose. He's still as affected by the cold as anyone else, he just doesn't see the point in complaining about it. "I had my share of his ice feet when we were sharing a tent," he reminds Shara. "Stop being reasonable," Shara says. "And scoot, I'm still getting wind on me. I need to nestle." "Scoot where?" Cassian lets himself be shoved and prodded, although it means he has to put the viewfinders down for a moment. There's nothing to see but stark whiteness outside, anyway. "You could go back inside," he points out. "Kes's probably off-duty soon." Shara shakes her head and tucks herself between Cassian and the wall, pressed up close enough that she could almost zip herself into his coat. She's short enough that the top of her head doesn't even reach his chin, and Cassian isn't exactly a big guy himself. "There," she sighs. "Warm. Almost." Cassian sighs. It is more comfortable, even if it makes his ribs ache a little, still not entirely healed. "If you get sick, Kes'll kill me." "Are you sick?" "No." "Then I won't get sick." Shara shrugs. "You might," Cassian frowns, but arguing uses too much energy, so he leaves it at that and scans the horizon again. The worst part of watch is once his body acclimates to the cold, and all he feels is tired. At the edge of the horizon, there's a faint dot of gray against the sun-blinding white. One of the other ground patrollers is coming back on a tauntaun, then. Their shift is almost up. "I hate being stuck inside," Shara says, muffled against Cassian's arm. "At least I can breathe out here. I haven't flown in a week, Cassian." No one has, because the wings ice on takeoff out here. Cassian thinks that probably should have been discovered before they moved a base to this ice cube of a planet. He would have noted it in his reports, if he'd been conscious to make one. "I know," he says, sympathetically. "Have you talked to Mon about it?" "She's got enough to deal with," Shara huffs. "I should be grateful to be getting a break." Cassian has his own suspicions about everything Mon is dealing with – he overheard her talking to Admiral Ackbar about Bothans the other day, and some of the code words remind him of Scarif. Of Jedha. Of Eadu. Of Jyn. Bodhi. Chirrut. Baze. Melshi. Tonc. Kay-Tu. Cassian shivers and moves his arm behind Shara, tucking his gloved hand against her other side. If she's staying out here, he can at least cuddle back . It was never awkward with Kes, before, if they needed to nestle close for warmth or to hide or to mark the other's back, so there's no reason this should be now. "Kes missed you on Yavin," he says, belatedly. "I know he likes having you here." It's what they're fighting for; it's what Scarif was for, the ability for people to be with the ones they love. "I missed him," Shara agrees. "He's the best thing about this sorry system." Cassian laughs, because that's about right. Force, but he wishes Kes were up here with them right now. But he's down on the other side of the rock ridge, teaching a class on defusing mines. They lost good people on the Death Star, but the loss of Alderaan seems to have shaken some sense into the rest of the Core Worlds. There are a lot of rookies running around trying to prove their mettle out in the snow. "You should have dinner with us," Shara says. Cassian's been trying to give the two of them space – camp life isn't particularly accommodating for relationships – and they spend enough time together that he doesn't want to butt in on any privacy they might have. "Oh, I don't know," Cassian says. He has to use the nosepiece of the viewfinder to push his scarf up higher over his cheeks, because he doesn't want to let go of Shara with his free arm. "Why?" Shara presses. "Got a hot date?" "Yeah," Cassian says dryly. "With a datapad." Shara laughs, and it buzzes through Cassian's coat in warm puffs. "Then come!" Shara says. "Please? We'll even open the good ration packs." "Well, if you're opening the good ration packs," Cassian says. He adjusts the viewfinder again. "I just don't want to intrude." "Never," Shara says. "We love having you around. You're always welcome." She gives him a squeeze around the middle. "You just want me for my warmth," Cassian laughs. There are steps at the bottom of the tower steps, which means their replacement is on his way up. He shifts away from Shara carefully, starts rubbing feeling back into his legs. Shara's eyes grin at him above her thick woolen scarf. "Maybe a bit. But your warm heart is appreciated too, you know." Cassian rolls his own eyes. "Yeah, sure." * * * Cassian spots the two of them at a table shoved under one of the corner heat vents in the mess hall. There's already a third plate of food with them, and looking at the line, Cassian's stomach grumbles thankfully. He drops onto the bench and Shara pushes the bowl over to him. "We weren't sure when you'd get here," she shrugs. "Figured lukewarm is better than half-full," Kes agrees. Cassian smiles and peels the fingers of his gloves back so that he can hold his silverware. "Thanks." "Anytime." Shara and Kes laugh at each other when it's said in unison. Cassian smiles at them and twirls his fork through the limp noodles on his plate. Kes has a red, peeling sunburn across the bridge of his nose and the the curve on his sharp cheekbones where his goggles sat all day. "You have salve for that?" Cassian asks, indicating the burn with a finger. It looks painful. Kes reaches up and touches his cheek. "Didn't notice. My face is still numb. I've got something back at the bunk, I think." Cassian nods. "If you don't, I've got a jar Jyn sent me from some forest moon. It's like the stuff you found on Yavin, the plant leaves." Kes beams at that. "It was nice having free access to sábila, that's for sure. Smells a lot better than bacta." "There was sábila on Yavin 4?" Shara asks. "We were lucky," Kes says. "Turns out it's useful for... a lot of things." Cassian chokes on a noodle and shakes his head, rubs the back of his hand across his eyes as they start to water. He blushes far too easily, and Kes knows it. "No," Shara says, delighted. "Really?" "Got lonely without you, abejita," Kes says, and his eyebrows wiggle. "Although Cassian made for good company." "He's telling awful lies," Cassian says, taking a more careful bite this time. "I'm horrible company." Shara kicks his ankle lightly beneath the tabletop. "Well," she says. "That's the lie." Cassian can only shake his head at her as he stands up. He needs a drink. "Do either of you need more to drink?" "Hot tea?" Shara asks. "Please?" "Of course," Cassian nods. "Dameron?" Kes shakes his head and answers with his mouth full. "Estoy bien." "Hurry back," Shara adds. Cassian can't make it a promise. He takes his time until his face feels like a normal color again, picking out the nice packets of raw sugar from the bottom of the tin, and carries Shara's tea and his own caf back slowly, careful not to spill. He's still not used to the easy way that Kes jokes with Shara about things like that – like sex without her there . It had never happened. It wouldn't have. Kes knows that Cassian likes men, but they'd never talked about it beyond throwaway mentions, and Kes hadn't ever volunteered definitive information about his own preferences. Cassian hadn't asked : Kes wore a wedding ring and talked about his wife all the time, so it didn't seem appropriate. Or necessary. He doesn't think that Kes is making fun of him when he teases like that – throwing Cassian's crush in his face. For one, he wasn't a spy for nothing, and even though he blushes easily he doesn't wear his heart on his sleeve, and for another, Kes just isn't that guy. He isn't mean that way. If anything it has to be the opposite. If Kes knows, he's just trying to make Cassian feel less awkward about it, proving he doesn't care and doesn't mind talking about those things with him anyway. Cassian makes his way back to their table and hands Shara her tea. He takes the sugar packets from between his teeth and passes her one. "My favorite," Shara grins. "It's closest you can get to papelón outside Chacao. My sister and I used to make mamá so mad, she'd send us to the market for sugar and we'd buy a block of that instead of the cheap synth stuff." "You still have expensive taste," Kes laughs. "I can barely afford to keep you, Shara Bey." Shara wrinkles her nose at him. Kes wrinkles his nose back. "Ow! Kriff, this burn does hurt." "Please," Shara laughs, and gestures at Cassian, "he's told you that for a long time it was the other way around, yes?" "No." Cassian finishes the last of his dinner and wraps his hands around the mug of caf to let the warmth seep in through his gloves. "Were you a kept man, Dameron?" Kes looks pleased, leaning into Shara's side and sneaking her cup away for a sip. "Shara already had a good job flying transports, and I hadn't finished my degree yet, but we wanted to go ahead and get married—" "Your mother wanted us to go ahead and get married," Shara corrects, fondly. "My mother wanted us to go ahead and get married," Kes amends. "So we did. Just a small ceremony while I was on Life Day break." Shara leans across the table conspiratorially. "He says small, but he means a hundred of his cousins and all my tías." "That's small for my family!" Kes insists. "I have a lot of cousins!" "It was an entire village," Shara grins. "There were seven flower girls!" "They were too cute to choose between." Kes pokes Shara's arm. "And two of them were your nieces." "They were cute," Shara nods agreeably. "Even though Nina ate all of her flower petals." "Maybe a better word is casual ," Kes decides. "It was a casual family wedding." Cassian grins, despite the way his stomach feels strange and unsettled at the idea of their wedding. "And then Shara went back to work and you had a hot meal and stiff drink for her at the end of the day?" "Don't sound so surprised! I'm a good cook." Kes steals another sip of Shara's tea and she raises her eyes at Cassian, obviously pointing out what she has to live with. "You'll have to prove it to me someday," Cassian says. "That's all I've been hearing for the last two years." "All right," Kes narrows his eyes. "When this is over, I'm going to make you a real home-cooked meal, five courses, and you'll see." Cassian holds out his hand. "Deal. Now you have to survive, you know." "You too," Kes says, fingers tight around Cassian's. Shara places her hand on top of theirs and squeezes once. "All three of us. It's a deal." * * * "I feel bad Cassian wouldn't come back here tonight." Shara is frowning at her toes as she pulls long socks up to her knees, shifts her sleeping pants down over them. "I don't want him to feel like we're kicking him out." "We told him ten times if we told him once," Kes says. "He didn't have to go. Maybe he likes rooming with Wedge sometimes." "Are they sleeping together, do you think?" Shara crawls up the cot and pulls the blanket up after her, peering out at Kes. Kes stops, midway through changing into his pajamas, and blinks at the wall for a heartbeat. "I don't know. They used to, I guess, but… Do you?" "Would it bother you?" Shara props her chin on one hand. Kes answers into his flannel shirt as it crosses his face, arms overhead to pull it on. "I – maybe. It shouldn't, but it... would. Maybe." Shara pushes the corner of the blanket down for him to get into bed, shifts further against the wall to give him room. "Do you want to talk about it?" Kes makes sure that the cots are pushed close enough that no one will get stuck in the gap overnight, turns off the lights, turns on the space heater, and slides under the blanket and up close to his wife. "Do you think we should?" Shara hums thoughtfully, slides her hand under the hem of his shirt to rest at his side. "I think we'll have to eventually." "What do you think of him?" Kes asks, pulling her closer with both hands. She fits him so well. "He's smart," Shara says, softly. "And he cares about you. So I'm predisposed to like him." "He is smart," Kes agrees. "You should have seen him in the field. And brave; I can't imagine the Fracture op." "I saw him on that beach, the way he refused to let go. He's very brave." Shara is quiet for a moment, before squeezing his side. "What do you think about him?" "I like him," Kes says, quiet and painfully honest. Shara nods, leans up to kiss his cheek. "I know, querido." She tucks her fingers into his waistband. "Are you going to do anything about it?" "Only if you want to," Kes says. He kisses her forehead and leaves his lips there, warm against her hairline. "I wouldn't mind the extra warmth in our bed," Shara says, slowly, her mouth tilted up in a smile against his throat. Kes doesn't say anything, and he doesn't move his lips from her hairline. Shara can practically feel him thinking. Finally, he presses his lips to her skin again, a damp kiss. "What, abejita, I don't warm your bed enough?" "Of course you do," Shara says. "I'm happy with you. But if you want, I think we could be happy with Cassian, too." Kes sniffs, and his arm bumps Shara's head as he wipes at his face. Shara kisses his neck. "Silly man. I married you, you're stuck with me." "I'm glad," Kes murmurs into her curls. "But you're not, you know. Stuck, I mean. If you – if anything makes you unhappy about this or anything else, or... you know." "I know," Shara says. "But I made a promise, Kes. You haven't given me a reason to break it yet." Kes kisses her again in a soft line across her forehead to the corner of her eye. "Do you think he'd be interested? It might not matter." Shara laughs, under her breath. "Force, Kes. Yeah." "Really?" Kes sounds so excited and pleased that Shara has to laugh and kiss his neck where it just peeks out over his pajama top. "Yes. And also no, I don't think he's sleeping with Antilles." Shara rubs her thumb against Kes' hip. "Good," Kes says. "Because Wedge is in love with Skywalker, anyway." "So you're not entirely blind," Shara raises an eyebrow. "Well, half the base is in love with Skywalker." Kes shrugs against the bedding. "It was kind of a lucky guess." "He's sweet," Shara agrees. "But not my type." "No, me neither," Kes agrees. "But you are." "And Cassian," Shara says, easily. "And Cassian," Kes agrees. "You're both small and smart and good at what you do." "And keep you in line," Shara adds. "I'm glad you had him when I was gone." "Me, too," Kes says softly. "I don't like being away from you." Shara presses closer against his chest, tucking her face against his shoulder. Her hand slides up under his shirt, warm against his back. "I'm here now," she offers. "And I'm not going to leave you." "I'd just follow you if you did," Kes shrugs, and tightens his arms around her. "Cry outside your door, be very pathetic." "I've seen that, and I have no doubt," Shara says, and shifts until she's able to face him, sharing the same pillow. Kes scoots down the mattress so that their faces are parallel and rubs his cold nose against hers. "So what's the plan?" He asks. "Are we gonna talk to him?" "Maybe you should go first," Shara suggests. "He has feelings for you, and he still doesn't know me as well. The two of you could – explore that, and then. I don't know." She sounds flustered for the first time. "I don't want to start anything without you," Kes says. "It feels weird." "What if he has feelings for you but he isn't interested in us ?" Shara asks. "You're just not going to do anything about it?" "Of course not," Kes says. "We're a package deal, mi abejita. If he doesn't want us, he doesn't really want me." Shara doesn't look convinced, leaning back to study Kes' face. "All right," she says, finally. "But I still think you should talk to him first." "Okay," Kes agrees. "I'll test the waters." Shara runs her fingertips across the small of Kes' back and smiles. "I think the waters will be lovely." "I hope so," Kes admits quietly. He tucks his own hands beneath the waistband of Shara's pants to rest just above the curve of her butt. Shara sighs and presses her forehead to his, brushing their lips together just shy of a kiss. "Have I ever mentioned that you're the best wife in the galaxy, and also my favorite human being?" Kes kisses her more firmly. "And you're mine," Shara says, between that kiss and the next. "I am," Kes agrees. "Don't know what I did, but I'm glad I did it." "Kiss me again," Shara says, impatient, fingers running back into his hair. "Yes, ma'am." Kes slides his hands down to cup her ass properly and hauls her up closer as he kisses her just the way she likes. Shara hums, tugs his lip between her teeth. "Better." Kes rolls them down to bear her into the pillows and what softness there is to their thin mattress. He is heavy and broad and warm above her, and Shara sighs into his mouth. She grins up at him when he pauses to take a breath, wraps her leg up aground his hip and waits to see his reaction. "Better?" He nuzzles his nose against hers. "Yeah." She runs her heel up the back of his thigh, tightens her grip around his shoulders. "You think it's warm enough in here to get those pants off?" "Why, do they need to come off?" Shara bats her eyelashes at him. "I'd like it," Kes says, and his casual tone is belied by the way he's already grinding against her and pushing his big, callused hands up under the layers of her pajamas and sweatshirts. "You sans pants is the reason I requested our next base be somewhere tropical." "Oh," Shara laughs, "you requested that, huh?" She rolls her hips up against his, savoring the way he grunts under his breath and how his leg twitches against hers. "Mm," Kes mumbles in agreement. "Somewhere hot enough that you don't ever need pants." "You're a dork," Shara laughs as he kisses his way down her neck. "You'd just be staring at my ass all day." "Exactly," Kes says. "It's my hobby." "I can think of better hobbies," Shara says, grinding up against his stomach again. "Need your pants off for that, too," Kes says, and then his fingers wriggle their way under her waistband. "Ah, fuck," Shara hisses, "Cold, cold—" But she's still arching up into his touch, getting a hand down between them to pull her shirt up a little. "They'll warm up." Kes pulls one hand free to untie the drawstring on her pajamas, and then his own. "Is that a joke about where they're going?" Shara is laughing softly, fingertips brushing his, nails scratching at the dark hair above the waistband of his pants. "No." Kes gets Shara's pants down to her knees and then grins at her. His next words are muffled by the blankets over his head as he makes his way down her body. "It's a promise." "You're going to fall off the bed," Shara sighs. "Or tip the cot and us both over, fuck, Kes—" "Just – let me try." The lump that is Kes keeps moving until his breath is hot on her navel and there's a clunk when his knees hit the floor. Shara reaches for him, her fingertips skimming his hair, the tip of an ear the most she can touch. "Can you breathe?" She asks the blanket lump. Kes laughs, hot breath ticklish against her thighs and making her squirm impatiently. "I can breathe enough," he says. "Come on, open up already." "Romantic," Shara says drily. "My knees are old," Kes says, unapologetic. "Please, Shar." Shara makes sure to sound particularly long-suffering as she parts her thighs enough that Kes' breath moves between them, all the warmer for being unseen. "If you must." "I'd like to, yeah," Kes says, muffled as he settles one leg over his shoulder and nuzzles up her thigh. Shara sighs and lets her hands drift to her chest, eyes fluttering shut. "Think I missed this the most on Yavin," Kes informs her, stubbled chin trailing against the sensitive skin of her thigh. Shara sighs and squirms deeper into the bedding as Kes nuzzles against her. "Not me," she says on a soft sigh. "I love it, but I missed your cock more." Kes moans, spreading her open with his fingers and pressing his mouth against her, reverberations of the sound right up against her clit. Shara shivers – and not from the Hoth cold, for what feels like the first time in ages. She pushes her hands under her sweatshirt and draws her blunt fingernails over the tips of her nipples through the soft material of her t-shirt. Kes licks at her, testing presses of his tongue on either side of her clit before he takes the hood into his mouth and sucks gently. His hands spread on her inner thighs, pressing her wider for his touch. "Oh, fuck," Shara swears, and she sucks her lower lip between her teeth. "Kriff, Kes." Kes hums, lets her go with a soft wet noise and eases down so that the next swipe of his tongue tests how wet she is for him. Shara's leg twitches beside his ear, her ankle cracking quietly as her foot flexes sharply in its high sock. "Yeah," Kes huffs, nose just to the right of her clit as he presses the tip of his tongue at her cunt. "Cassian's gonna love your mouth," Shara murmurs. Kes' hand tenses on her thigh, his thumb digging into the crease of her hip, but his mouth doesn't falter. "You can show off for him, too," Shara continues, her voice soft and just a touch shaky. "How hard you can make me come, fuck ." Kes inhales sharply, and presses in closer between her legs. His mouth isn't sealed quite tight enough around her to muffle his whine. Shara pinches her nipple through her shirt and starts rolling her hips up to meet Kes' mouth. Kes slides a hand off her hip and tucks two fingertips inside her carefully, moves his mouth back up to her clit. "Come on, Shara, fuck." "Make me." Shara's voice is sharp and low, the words a throaty punch. He laughs, warm and shaky against her, and nods. "Yes, ma'am." Shara's knee pushes his head back down right where she wants it. He doesn't talk again, just eases his fingers deeper until he has her grinding between his mouth and fingertips in perfect rhythm. Shara's thighs grip around Kes' ears when she comes, but he knows that she's swearing a blue streak even though he can't hear it. He knows, too, better than to stop before she physically hauls him up by the hair. He pushes his own sweatpants down to his knees as she pulls him up, red-faced and sweaty from being under so many blankets. Shara pushes the damp hair off his forehead and squeezes his face, thumbs the shine off his lower lip. "Kriffing hell, Kes." "Just showing off," he says, grinning like a lothcat who got the cream. "My turn," Shara says, shaking her head, and reaches for his cock, runs her hand over it teasingly. Kes shudders deep in the base of his spine and tucks himself neatly between her warm, bare legs. "Not like this," Shara whispers, "Just – let me turn over, it'll be better." She kisses his cheek as she shifts, turning onto her side facing the wall, and letting him settle against her back. "Thought you might get cold," Kes explains. He pulls the blankets up higher over them, almost to their chins. "I'll be all right this way," Shara promises, pulling his arm over her waist and leaning back against his chest comfortably. "Anyway, I like the angle better like this." Kes noses behind her ear. "You just don't like seeing my ridiculous sexface." Shara hmms . "Or I just like getting all of your cock." "Yeah, yeah," Kes mutters. He kisses her earlobe softly, warm and wet. "That's what you want me to think." Reaching down between her thighs, Shara finds his cock and rubs the head of it over her cunt. There's lube in her pack, but she's wet enough to be comfortable if they go slowly. "Would I lie about sex?" "You might lie about my face," Kes says, but she can feel him laughing in his chest, all pressed up behind her. "I love your face," Shara sighs. "I just... sometimes like your cock... better." Like now goes unsaid, as her muscles flicker around the way the head is opening her up. She shimmies her hips slowly, easing off and then back onto him, teasing herself. "Wonder if Cassian likes to watch," she muses. " Shar ," Kes says, pressing his face into her curls and taking a deep breath. "You want him to watch you?" Shara's voice is so soft that Kes feels it more than hears it. "Us," he grits out, hips twitching against her ass helplessly. "Please, sweetheart, I'm dying here—" Shara relaxes her muscles, tilts her hips, and he slides inside smooth as easing into hyperspace. "Fuck," Kes breathes, gripping at her hip and hauling her back against him tighter. "Shara." "That's it," Shara praises, sweet. Kes shudders against her and stays still, his knee nudging the back of hers. Shara takes the hint and curls her leg up, hugging her thigh. Nuzzling her ear, Kes kisses her hair and follows her movement, pressing closer and rolling his hips. "Talk to me? S'all right?" "Really good." Shara rests her head against his collarbone and listens to the patter of his heart in his chest. "Told you, I love your cock." "I love hearing you say that ," Kes laughs, incredulous. "Kriff." "Kriff yourself," Shara says, no heat behind it, her hands dragging under her sweatshirt again so that Kes can just barely see the movement of the way her fingers fiddle with her breasts. "You know it's perfect, big and thick. 'M a spoiled girl." "Now you're just making fun of me," Kes accuses lightly, working his hips up against her ass. "No," Shara says. "I make fun of your face, not your dick." "Aha. I knew it." He tips his face down enough that they can just reach one another's lips for a clinging, chaste kiss – or as chaste as a kiss could be while he's fucking into her with deep, fast strokes that rock the rickety cot. Shara breaks the kiss first because she's smiling too wide to keep it up. Sorry, she mouths at him and tips her head back a little, eyes drifting closed. It's so good it's easy to get lost in it. Kes wraps his arm around her to pull her closer and help her keep her thigh pressed up against her belly. She could almost rest her chin on her knee, if she wanted. " Force you feel good," she whispers. "Harder?" "Hold on." Kes tugs the pillow out from under her head and they're able to fall forward on the mattress, Kes heavy on Shara's back. Shara swears, muffled into the cot, wriggling to get her arms propped under her. She's saying something else now, still indistinct. Kes only catches the last few words: "—give him a show?" "Fuck, yes," Kes mumbles into her wild hair. "No hiding under all these kriffing blankets and clothes. I want him to see everything." Shara laughs, pushing her ass back against him. "You remember that little hotel? With the mirror?" "That memory's what got me through Yavin," Kes laughs against the back of her neck. Shara's quiet for a minute, but then her toes nudge his ankle and her voice is warm when she raises it. "For me it was that time at your parents'? Trying to be so quiet, and..." And after he'd come, neither of them had moved until he'd gotten hard again. They'd both been so young then, before the war. Kes' teeth pull at her earlobe, his face buried in her curls, the smell of her skin and sweet shampoo thick all around him. "Wanna try that again?" Shara shivers, spine arching back against him. She nods, face pressed into the sheets. "Imagine what it'll be like with both of us." Kes nudges Shara's hair away from her neck with his nose. "You can have him while I'm getting hard again, too." Shara clenches on his cock reflexively, swears into the sheets again, louder this time. "You just want a turn to watch, kriff." "Fuck, of course I do," Kes says. "You're gorgeous." "So is he," Shara breathes. "I'm so kriffing jealous you've seen more of him than I have." Kes laughs softly against the back of her shoulder, but his thrusts falter – just for a moment. "Really? You're – you promise it's okay?" Shara shifts immediately, turning her face to glance back at him. "I promise, Kes, I don't mind. It's hot, isn't it?" "Yeah," Kes breathes. "I just... fuck, I love you." "I know," Shara says, and smiles. "And him too. It's okay." "I don't love him," Kes says. He's almost still, his hips barely shifting. "Yet, anyway. I – could." Shara doesn't argue it. "You care about him, then. I care about him. So we're good." Kes smudges kisses over Shara's shoulder through the thick fabric of her many sweatshirts and starts moving again, his hips loud as they hit against her ass. "Thank you." Shara laughs softly, pressing her face back into the mattress. "Yeah, yeah. I was trying to tell you that I think you have good taste—" "Flatterer." "Fuck, would you – shut up – and let me say how hot he is?" Kes pulls her closer again with his arm around her waist, and then they're shaking against each other, barely fucking as they laugh with Kes still clutched deep inside her. "That's all I was trying to say," Shara finally manages to get out, shaking her head. "I'm jealous you've seen him without a thousand layers of snow clothes on." "It's been a while since I've seen you without a thousand layers of snow clothes on," Kes mumbles. "I had to look at someone's ass." "I bet he has a nice one," Shara says, slightly wistfully. "It's cute," Kes affirms. "But even flatter than mine." "There you go. It's not that hard to talk about him, is it?" Kes shakes his head and his nose tickles the back of Shara's neck. "Maybe he would actually fuck me harder when I ask for it," Shara muses. Kes doesn't say anything to that: instead, he pulls Shara up into a curve perfect for him, holding her up with both strong arms around her hips and one hand pressed just right to her belly so that his next deep thrust angles different, better , almost too much . "Fuck," she says, bitten out. "You think he'd like it like this?" Her words come out punctuated with deep breaths, trying to keep her face tilted up for air. Her thighs are shaking, and it's everything she wanted, hoped she might goad Kes into giving her. "Kriff." Kes' voice is low and bitten-off, full of teeth. "Hope so." "So good," Shara gasps, reaching back for him, fingernails skidding across his arms, side, thighs. "Kes, fuck, don't you dare come yet, I—" "I won't." Kes shifts their weight just enough that he can slide one hand down between her legs and press his knuckles in a v at either side of her clit. Shara squirms down against his fingers, down on his cock, and keens, her head banging back against Kes' shoulder as she comes. "Holy – fuck, Kes, baby—" "Come on," he urges her, quiet and gentle even as the cot rattles against the cinderblock wall. "Come on, Shara." She shakes so hard that only his grip on her keeps them upright, her thighs trembling, back arching. "Kriff, kriff, kriff," Kes chants. "Oh, kriff." "You," Shara breathes, "Kes." "Gonna." It's less of a word than a sound . " Yes ," Shara sighs, leaning back against him, her hand rubbing his thigh lazily. "Come on, amor, I wanna feel you." Kes makes a ridiculous noise when he comes, high and gurgling and buried in Shara's hair. Shara hushes him, cooing wordless praise, her fingers clumsy and still a little uncoordinated as they pet his bicep, his knee. Kes does stay inside her even as he eases them both back onto their sides. He scoops her back against him, holding her close. "That was good," Shara mutters, letting her head rest against his chest. Kes fishes for the blankets with his toes as he tries not to dislodge Shara. "It was. I think I needed that." "I'll say." Shara reaches for him, finding his hand in the sheets and threading their fingers together. "Feel better?" Kes nods and successfully pulls the blanket up over them again, taking extra care to smooth it just so over Shara's chest. She laughs and bats at his wrist. "Anything else we should talk about?" Shara yawns, squirms a little. She'll have Kes get up and find wipes in a minute. They don't have more sheets for the cot if they ruin these, so a clean-up is inevitable. "Not immediately," Kes says. He yawns. "Did you still want another round?" "I'm a bit sleepy," she decides, regretfully. "You?" "I'm... yeah," Kes admits. "I'm tired and it's cold and you feel good." Shara nods. She's comfortable, feeling well-loved, except for the cooling trickle down her inner thigh. She groans. "We should clean up now, rather than later." "Ugh," Kes grunts. "Okay." "Just get me a couple of those wipes," Shara says. "The ones in the front of my pack? Please." Kes nods and kisses her temple as he slowly pulls out of her and rolls away, the merest inches to the edge of the cot. "I love you," Shara says. "My hero." Kes passes her the little packet of wipes and kisses her again on the cheek. "I think I'm gonna shower, I didn't earlier and I'll really stink if I don't before tomorrow." He tucks the blanket a little more firmly around Shara's shoulders even as her hands work under the covers to clean herself up. "I'll bring you a hot towel if you want?" Shara smiles like sunshine on Socorro and cuddles down into the warm bed. "Yes, please." "Love you," Kes says, petting at the blankets one more time and getting up, easing back into his dirty trousers off the floor. He steps into his boots but doesn't lace them, just to protect his feet from the icy-cold duracrete floor between the bunks and the fresher at the end of the hall. He doesn't pass anyone on the way, but when he closes the fresher door behind him, there's already someone in one of the half-stalls of the showers. Cassian glances over and immediately smiles, does a little salute to Kes. A strand of hair drips water down his cheek. Kes' stomach is suddenly full of Sriluurian butterflies. "Hey," Cassian says. "Didn't expect to see you tonight." "No reason you couldn't," Kes says. He swallows and leans toward the mirror to make his hair look a little less... like it had been between Shara's thighs for so long. His chin still feels a little sticky. "I just meant—" Cassian shrugs. His shoulders look narrower when they're bare and dripping. "You can come—" home , Kes thinks "—back to the room, you know. If you want." Cassian bites his lip, leans into the shower spray, swaying a little. "I don't want to intrude, Dameron." "You're not." Kes smiles at him before stripping out of his shirt. "You couldn't, Andor." Cassian's still blinking back at him through the spray when he gets his head free of his collar. "You know what I mean." He rakes hands through his wet hair. "I do," Kes says. He steps into the fresher cubicle and takes one of the wash pods from the shelf. It breaks open in his hand, fluffy and already running white suds down his forearm. "I meant it. You wouldn't be intruding." "I must be sometimes," Cassian laughs, but he's more amused now than serious. "Your wife likes me; I'd like to keep it that way." Kes runs the sponge over the back of his neck and weighs his options. He can’t have the conversation with Cassian about exactly how much he and his wife like Cassian, not right now. Not naked. "I think you're out of the danger zone," he decides on. "Have breakfast with us." Cassian shakes water out of his hair, turns to let the hot shower run over his shoulders, considers. "All right. And if you're sure it's safe, I left my clothes in the room, so—" "Yeah, yeah, come on back," Kes says. The room must smell so thickly of sex that he'll be a little surprised if it isn't hanging like steam in the air when they open the door. "Wedge snores horribly, anyway," Cassian grins over at him. "Worse than you do." "I only snore when I'm cold," Kes says, and he wrinkles his nose at Cassian. "The air is too dry." "Excuses, excuses." Cassian bites the inside of his cheek. "You've got some soap—" he gestures, unhelpfully. "About to get in your eye." Kes swipes at his forehead, but— "Ow!" He hisses through his teeth, left eye squeezing shut through the sting. "Here," Cassian takes a slow, tentative step across the tile toward him. His thumb is gentle as he swipes over Kes' eye. Kes' body apparently missed the memo about being too tired for seconds, because the touch feels like Cassian's just run a live wire across his skin. His nipples harden, another small sting. He can blame that on the temperature, the hot water and the frigid air that permeates the whole base. "No good if our best sharpshooter blinds himself with soap," Cassian says, softly. "Thanks." Kes lets the water sluice down his face for another minute before he blinks both eyes open again. Cassian steps back again and starts washing his arms thoroughly, shoulders, the back of his neck. He isn't looking at Kes. After a beat, Kes follows his lead and steps back under his own spigot. "I feel bad for using the hot water," Cassian says, "but I figure it's late enough there's no one still waiting on a shower, you know?" It's almost painfully mundane, obvious he's trying to move them past whatever awkwardness settled in thick like steam. "That's the benefit of being a nightbird," Kes agrees. "It's quieter, too." Cassian laughs. "No big guys making me self-conscious about these, either," he says, and indicates his lean arms with an exaggerated muscle curl. "I hated communal showers in school." "I like your arms," Kes says, more into the water than to Cassian. "But I agree that I don't miss the towel snapping." "You don't want me to snap my towel at you when we finally use up all the water?" Cassian grins. "Please don't." Kes glances over when he turns to let the water rinse his back and soothe the fucked-out muscles there. "I could swear I remember you doing it to me before," Cassian says, thoughtfully, narrowing his eyes at Kes. "Mi pana, life isn't fair." Kes turns off his fresher spigot and turns to take a threadbare towel from the rack. Cassian looks away quickly, and fusses with his own spigot. The silence rings after the last of the water has drained away from the tile. "Can you pass me – yeah," Cassian says, as Kes reaches for the other towel on the rack. When Cassian stretches to scrub his hair dry before it can freeze, the muscles in his abdomen tighten and Kes can't tear his eyes away from the gentle, lean lines. Cassian peers out of the towel at him and grins, bright and for a moment, unselfconscious. "What?" Kes shrugs, his own towel draped across his shoulders. He takes another from the rack and pops it into the autosteamer to warm for Shara. "Just hard to imagine you getting bullied, that's all. Admiring the view." "Kriff off," Cassian laughs. "Look at you, man." Kes grins and runs one hand down his torso. "What, this old thing?" "You know you're handsome," Cassian says, and his face goes soft, softer than the scratchy towels or the harsh blue light of the fresher. Kes has to shimmy into his t-shirt again to hide his blush, and he quickly follows it up with two sweatshirts. Cassian is hurrying back into his own clothes, fingers stumbling over the ties of his thick thermal trousers. "And you're sure Shara won't mind the company?" "Nah, she'll probably be zonked when we get there," Kes says. "Hard to stay awake when it's so cold." "We should do like Renda bears and hibernate," Cassian agrees. "More energy efficient." "Agreed." Kes slaps Cassian on the shoulder and rubs briskly through his thick-knitted sweater. Cassian shivers. "You ready?" As chilly as the fresher is without the hot water running, the hallway will be even worse. Kes takes Shara's warm towel out from the autosteamer and hugs it to his his chest. "Race?" Cassian doesn't even grace it with a reply, just hauls the door open and takes off, unlaced boots thumping dully. "Shit," Kes swears under his breath, and he takes off after him. Cassian beats him by several seconds, but he waits at the door for Kes to catch up. "Figured you should go in first, just to be safe," he shrugs. Kes smiles at him. "It's still your bunk, too. Don't – don't let us make you feel like it's not. You know?" "I don't wanna be an ass about it," Cassian says. "You two are married and you can't even get your own quarters." Kes shrugs. "We don't mind. Really." He pauses as the door slides open with a soft shush . "You're good company." Shara has the reading light on by their pushed-together cots, and is sitting up in bed, checking her comm pad. She looks up at them and grins as they enter. "Why do I get the feeling my husband is having to convince you that we like having you around?" Cassian turns pink at the apples of his cheeks. "Probably because you're smarter than both of us combined." "The extra body heat would be nice even if your face weren't so pretty," Shara informs him seriously. "Close the door, boys, honestly." Cassian pushes the door shut as Kes tosses Shara the towel. " Yes ," Shara hisses, pulling the towel down beneath her nest of blankets. "Fuck, that's nice." Kes kicks his boots off under the cot and slides carefully under the edge of the covers. Cassian is already under his own covers, pulling the blankets up to his nose. Kes' side of the double bunk faces Cassian's side of the room, Shara tucked between him and the wall. Shara tugs at Kes' arm and curls close against his chest, pushing the towel out onto the floor as it cools. "You're joining us for breakfast, right?" She asks, pitching her voice louder to reach Cassian. "I don't patrol until third shift tomorrow," Cassian says back through a yawn. "Sure." "We can all sleep in for once," Kes says, petting a strand of Shara's hair away from his face. "Relatively." Shara's index finger presses against Kes' mouth. "Shhh, now. Sleep good." Cassian's muffled laughter from across the room is the last thing Kes remembers before everything goes dark and blissfully warm. Chapter 5 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 3rd Month Cassian has known big storms before – typhoons and hurricanes, dust storms and solar flares – but a Hoth blizzard is enough to knock the entire base on its ass for a week. Everyone is grounded. Even watch duty across the plain is canceled; it's not like the Empire, AT-ATs and all, could get through the waves on waves of billowing, blinding snow, either. The first two days see everyone catching up on sleep. The hallways are deserted; even the mess hall is a ghost town as people choose to stay in their bunks and bedrolls. By the third day, things slowly come back to life, and by the fourth, command is wary enough of the mass onset of boredom that there's an announcement of free alcohol and music for that evening. "Score," Kes cheers, rolling out of bed and rubbing his eyes with the heels of his hands. "Andor, want to see whether Antilles and Solo want to get a sabacc tournament going?" "Solo will win," Cassian points out. "Like he's done the past twelve times." "Yeah, well." Kes stretches, long and lean, arms over his head. Cassian pointedly does not miss the warmth of Yavin and Kes without a shirt. "Maybe I feel lucky." Shara comes in from the fresher, hair damp where it's edging out from the towel she's wrapped it in, wearing one of Kes' big shirts. "Too bad it's too cold for strip sabacc," she says, hopping on one foot as she pulls trousers over her leggings. Kes grins and uses her shirt-tails to pull her in closer. He gazes up at her with so much naked adoration that Cassian has to look away. "I heard they're going to have a big bonfire in one of the empty hangars," Kes says. "Could get toasty." "Is that a good idea?" Cassian asks as he laces his own boots. "There's jet fuel in the hangars." "I'm sure it's fine," Shara says. "The droids will figure it out." Kes lets Shara go to rifle through her kit at the end of the bed, and moves to sit by Cassian on his cot instead. "Come on, you know how nice it'll be to feel really warm for once, Andor?" "I don't even remember what it's like," Cassian says, feigning a swoon and resting his head against Kes' shoulder. "It's been so long. So cold." "I told you," Shara laughs, looking over. "We should've pushed all the cots together the first night we got here." Cassian laughs, because sure, it'd be warm – body heat she said – but it's all a joke. "I'm afraid we'll wake up one morning and look over and you'll just be a little paleta," Kes agrees, bumping Cassian's shoulder. Cassian keeps laughing softly and enjoys the pressure of Kes' arm around his shoulders. "It's not that bad," he says. "Just have the wookiee cuddle me and I'll thaw out." "You'll cuddle a wookiee over me?" Kes crows in indignation. Cassian grins and pats Kes' cheek. "What can I say? I like them tall, dark, and furry." "I knew I should've grown the beard back," Kes sighs. "Like on Yavin. We both looked like wookiees by the end there. Come on, can we go already? Antilles won't wait on us to start." "Wait!" Shara's voice is muffled, and when Cassian looks down, all he can see of her is boots and bum poking out from under their cot. "I've got... aha!" She shuffles out backward, and Cassian looks at the wall to avoid staring at the way her ass moves. "Bey's best brew!" "Ugh," Kes groans. "Cassian, don't trust it, it's just jet juice with fruit in it." Shara makes a face at him. "Let the man decide for himself. It's better than what Antilles will try to give you over sabacc." She tosses the canteen to Cassian. Cassian catches it and unscrews the top, gives it a sniff. "Whew!" He pulls back as Kes laughs. "You've been keeping this under the bed? I'm surprised it didn't eat through our floor!" He takes another sniff. "I think you could melt the whole ice field with this." "See if I ever share my secret stash with you again, Andor." Shara sighs heavily, sitting down to lace up her boots. "No, no, no, I'll try it," Cassian says. "No one can ever say I back down from a challenge." Shara just cocks an eyebrow at him, watches expectantly. Cassian lifts the canteen in a salute to Kes. "Remember me as I was." Kes tightens his arm around Cassian's shoulder and nods supportively. It isn't that bad, all things considered. Cassian's drunk his share of jet juice, and it isn't like Pathfinders are innocent of home-brewing their own concoctions in buckets and sinks. He'd been drinking bad alcohol long before he got his first taste of good. It's the aftertaste that hits him hardest, sweet and dark and sticking to the roof of his mouth. It's the sort of thing that makes him think of noisy clubs on Inner Rim planets, pretty faces made of shadows, the way a drink tastes when you taste it on someone else's lips. Shara's smile looks like that across the room, red and shiny as it spreads across her mouth like good wine. "See? Bey's best." Cassian shakes his head to clear it, blinks. "That shit is way too strong." Everything feels really warm, from his fingertips down his spine, curls his toes in his boots. Shara's smile folds into a scrunchy glare. "Lightweight." "Yeah," Cassian admits easily. "I like it a little lighter, honestly. You were right, though – it's better than Antilles' shit." Shara looks placated at that. She tucks the canteen tenderly into her coat and pats it. "All right. Let's go lose some fake credits." Half a dozen rounds later, Cassian has lost as many fake credits as he cares to wager and won half of them back again. Kes is doing better, but Solo is still winning. Wedge gave up an hour ago to follow Luke to the dance floor, where they're talking close while shimmying their shoulders, more than anything else. Cassian taps Kes on the shoulder and gets up from the table, follows the music closer to the fire. It is warm, for the first time in months that Cassian can remember, and everyone's left a big pile of extra coats and second pairs of thermagloves in the corner of the hangar near Threepio and Peazy. He sheds his fur-lined nerf-wool coat like an old skin and folds it over the back of a chair. "Cassian!" Shara tugs at his elbow, her cheeks pink and hair frizzing at her ears. "Come dance with me." Cassian looks out at the "dance floor," the middle of the hangar cleared of debris and oil so that people can twirl through the space. Someone's programmed a droid to play Max Rebo's latest on repeat, the same bars over and over and over... and over... Cassian has a sneaking suspicion that it, too, was Solo. Not least because it makes the princess look mad enough to spit. "I know," Shara laughs, grimacing. "It's not my pick either, but it's... sort of got a beat?" She squeezes his bicep. Cassian glances back to the sabacc table, but Kes doesn't even look up from his cards. From this angle, Cassian can see his hand, and it's absolute bantha fodder. "He's shit at knowing when to fold," Shara says. "You really gonna let a girl dance on her own, Andor?" Cassian looks back at Shara, her cheeks just a bit pink from her insane jet juice sangria and the roar of the fire. Cassian takes her outstretched hand. "It would be my honor, Shara Bey." The music doesn't get any better, but Shara finds the beat and drags Cassian along with her. She drapes her arms over his shoulders in a way that leaves Cassian little option but to set his hands on her waist. He tries to keep them there, somewhere respectable so that they don't start – or fuel – any rumors, but the way she twists and jolts makes them slip to her hips. Cassian learned a few formal box steps during his time spying as an Imperial aide, but there's nothing formal in the way Shara moves, all sinew and exuberance. Neither of them are particularly skilled beyond Cassian's ability to twirl her under his arm, but Shara doesn't have an ounce of self-consciousness in her body. She shimmies, and her breasts press against his chest. She spins and her bum brushes the front of his pants. She laughs and twines their fingers together. She makes faces when she steps on Cassian's feet. There's something about the way she twirls and punches her way across the small dance space that makes everyone smile when they look up at her. "She's a menace, right?" Kes is close enough that Cassian jumps at the voice at his ear. "I don't know about that." Cassian spins twice and lands facing Kes with a grin. "I think she's got style." "And three left feet," Kes says. "Kes Dameron," Shara laughs, draping her arms around his neck, now. "You love me and all three of my left feet." Kes pecks a kiss to her lips. "I do. Me and the three toes I have left." "Stay," Shara says, reaching back to grab Cassian's shirtsleeve as he begins to edge into the crowd. "Kes can actually dance." Kes does a little bow and extends a hand to Cassian. "Three years of Chaako clogging classes at your service." "Force," Cassian laughs. "Is that a real thing?" Shara nods exaggeratedly, taking another sip from her pocket flask. * * * Cassian is hovering just on the edge of sleep – the line of semiconscious where he finally feels warm again, safe and floating – when the door's maglock clicks and a pale stream of light follows two shadows in from the hall. "Shh," Kes says, "he's asleep—" "Look at his sweet face," Shara says, and Cassian would protest but it's so hard to open his eyes, much less open his mouth. That would mean movement, and movement means cold . "Yeah, he's an angel," Kes laughs under his breath. There's the shushing sound of the door closing, and the room is pitch dark again. There's another sound, in the dark, something smaller and softer, like hands brushing, or... lips touching. Kes sighs, and Cassian recognizes that sound even half-asleep. "Brr." Shara's voice is quiet, muffled. "Come warm me up." There's a rustling sound and a shaky creak from the other bunk. Kes laughs again, low in his throat, the way that Cassian knows would vibrate through him if he were touching Kes. Cassian shivers. There must've been a draft from the door. They aren't being loud – neither Kes nor Shara are ever anything but respectful of the fact that their space is a shared one – but Cassian can hear them kissing, the softly wet sounds of lips and tongues touching and clinging, and the way the mattress shifts under the weight of two people. He should let them know that he's still up: it wouldn't even be that awkward, they could all laugh about it and they'd apologize and it would be a story to share around the next bonfire. Remember that time Shara and I thought you were asleep? Nearly got it on two feet away from you, sorry cabrón! Kes would say, and Cassian would laugh, and – "Fuck," Shara hisses, "please—" and there's the distinct sound of a zipper, and Kes spitting on his fingers, and then a wet sound that isn't kissing at all. Cassian freezes and presses the side of his face into his pillow. Don't roll over. Don't look. Don't listen. "Yeah?" Kes asks, and the bed frame creaks. "Yeah," Shara breathes. "Love your fingers, fuck." Kriff . Kes does have good fingers – good hands, not that Cassian has looked. He's looked. It's hard not to notice, when Kes is standing beside you covered in a sheen of sweat as he tears huge jakaw fronds from the trees and coos to the little woollamanders that pick through his hair as though he's one of them, or presses up close to him smelling of sharply masculine sweat in a trench to practice sharpshooting a blaster-rifle held in steady hands Or— The way Kes' fingers are so nimble on the wires as he defuses a bomb. Long fingers, but not too thin or dainty. Good, working hands. Strong. Meticulous. Always just a little rough. "Kriffing hell," Shara hisses, and their mattress squeaks. "Kes—" Cassian squeezes his eyes shut so hard he sees stars behind his eyelids. It's way too late to tell them he's awake, but that means that he's going to hear every millisecond of this. "Shhh," Kes murmurs. "Abejita... you're gonna wake him up." "Stop being so good at this, then," Shara whispers. "Force." "Flatterer." There's the sound of a kiss and then a sigh, and Cassian can't help imagining Kes sucking at Shara's regal neck. Everything is hushed for a few moments, little whispers of clothes and sheets moving together and occasionally synced breathing, every now and then a slick, wet sound. Cassian clenches his hands in the sheets at his sides when he realizes he's hard in his sleeping pants. "Ah, sísísí," Shara whispers. "Love you." "Yeah," Kes says, "there you go, babe, shit." Everything is still, before there's the sound of shifting, and a heavy noise like maybe Kes settled beside her on the mattress. "Come on," Shara says, softly, after a minute. "I want to—" "You sure?" Kes whispers. "We can go find a supply closet or somethin'." "I'm good here," Shara whispers. "Nice and warm. And wet, fuck." Cassian's brain tries to parse the exchange, but it takes the following sound of another zipper and clothes being tossed to the floor to figure it out – they're getting undressed, and when Shara said she was good here, she meant— "Fuck," Kes breathes, his voice tight, wavering. More sounds follow: slick on skin on sheets, and Shara moans quietly, cut off like she pushed her face into the pillow. Cassian can't decide whether to stay still or to move, to roll over, to cough. He could remind them that he's here, and then maybe they'd— What? Stop? He doesn't want that. He... should, maybe. But he doesn't. They're married; they should be able to have a sex life. ( Maybe they'd invite him , whispers the smallest part of his brain. But that's the part that must still be dreaming, half-asleep.) This feels like a dream, except for the uncomfortable rub of his inseam against his cock, and the sweltering heat of his blankets. The room is still cold but Cassian feels like he's smothering in heat. "Kes," Shara murmurs. "Baby." Cassian squeezes his eyes tighter shut and slides his hand across the mattress, over his thigh, cupping his cock. "Is that good?" Kes murmurs. "What d'you need?" "Just like that," Shara says, softly. She almost sounds sleepy, except Cassian knows now – can never un-know – that it's just the way her voice sounds during sex. "Just keep... fuck—" "Gonna," Kes promises, and Cassian can hear the cheeky half-laugh in his voice even though he's still trying to keep quiet. Then the laughter stops: "'Til you come on my cock." Cassian knew what they were doing, knew it wasn't just kissing or hands down pants at this point, but it still catches him off-guard, visceral like a fist to the ribs or the solar plexus. He catches his breath, and lays shock still for a moment, stiff under the covers, terrified they've noticed the change in his breathing. They haven't. He's the only one in this room noticing breathing. And now that he has, he can't stop: Kes is taking deep, gulping breaths, and Shara is breathing fast and shallow. "Yeah," Shara promises. "'M close, Kes." Cassian can't just lie here anymore. His own dick is too heavy and tight, and his pants are driving him a little nuts, and he wants – He wants to see, but he's not just going to roll over and look . Is he? "Me too," Kes whispers. "Fuck, abejita, you feel amazing." Cassian holds his breath and rolls over, sliding his hand down his pants at the same time. He half expects them both to be staring at him when he opens his eyes. Instead, all he makes out at first is the shadow of Kes' wide shoulder, and the white of the sheets pooled around their waists. His breath catches in his throat. They're both wearing layers and layers of shirts, but he can see the way Kes is shifting and it makes Cassian feel like they're naked anyway. If he squints he can make out the movement of Shara's arm: her exposed forearm where her wrist disappears down the open fly of her pants; open, from when Kes' hand was where hers is now. Cassian refuses to jack off to his married roommates and friends having sex . It's not for him, and it feels cheap. But he squeezes his hand tight around his cock all the same. Swallows hard. "Oh," Shara says, and her head tips back, her neck a graceful pale curve in the gloom. "Oh, fuck, Kes—" Her voice lifts, turning his name into a question. "I got you," Kes whispers. Cassian swallows again and looks away from them, toward the cold expanse of the wall. Kes does have Shara. And Shara has Kes. Shara moans softly, and the bed creaks, and Cassian tries to ignore the precome smearing his palm. Kes inhales sharply as Shara exhales long and low and slow. Cassian tries not to breathe at all. The seconds tick out slowly, and then Shara laughs. "Come on, babe. It's all right." Cassian's face burns as Kes makes a small noise into Shara's hair. The worst part is the familiarity of it. Cassian's heard that sound a hundred times before, from a foot away in a shared tent, and he's feigned sleep just like this. His cock twitches against his hand in solidarity. The mattress shifts, and the bedframe squeaks. Cassian quickly rolls onto his side again to face away from them in case one of them gets up. Shara sighs. "We should've used a condom. I feel like a puddle." Cassian squeezes his eyes shut and uses every ounce of discipline he's learned over the years not to make a sound at that. "Sorry," Kes says, softly. "I should've asked." "It's fine. I wasn't expecting to—" Shara pauses for a moment, and there's a soft sound of kissing. "I didn't think we'd get to do that tonight. I was a little impatient." There's a long, sweet pause. "Yeah," Kes whispers back. "Few and far between, these days." "Always good, though," Shara says, so softly Cassian has to strain to hear it. She clears her throat. "We should clean up." "Yeah." The bedframe squeaks again. "Meet you in the freshers? I'll remake the bed." "Yeah." There's the sound of one more lingering kiss and then the shuffling of clothes being put back on and feet sliding into shoes. The door opens and closes, and Cassian stays perfectly still for the next five minutes as Kes makes the bed up with a clean sheet. Even in the dim light, Cassian can tell when a Kes-shaped shadow falls over him, like Kes is looking down over his bunk to make sure that Cassian slept through it all. He lets out a slow breath, the long kind that moves his shoulders like in sleep, and the shadow moves away to the door. There's a glare of light as the door opens, and then the telltale swish of the metal sliding shut leaves Cassian alone in the dark. His eyes fly open, and he stares blindly at the ceiling, curling his hand around his dick finally, finally, finally. "Kriffing hell." They'll be back any minute. His hand tightens reflexively, and his stomach and balls ache with the relief of it, the anticipation. He bites his lip and grinds up into his fist. If he inhales deeply, he thinks he can almost taste Shara on the air in their tiny room. He can definitely hear Kes' final little moan, looping in his memory. He's going to come faster than he wants, but – hopefully it'll be as quickly as he needs to get this done, before they come back. Together. From the fresher. Where they're together, naked, together. Cassian stares at the ceiling and wonders what they're doing right now. If maybe they've decided to go for another round while the freshers are empty and there's hot water left. It's so much more skin to imagine, and he groans, twisting his hand and wishing— But he shouldn't wish anything. They're married. They're married . The rush of blood tingling its way through his body doesn't care that they're married, though. It just cares that... Force, Shara is so much littler than Kes, and he could probably hold her against the fresher wall with one arm. That is, if Shara doesn't have him on his knees. Cassian shudders and jerks himself off faster. They're probably not doing any of that, and they'll be back any second. Maybe they'll come back before he's finished and they'll see him. "Shit," Cassian whispers again, and that's when he comes, imagining the look on Kes' face. He doesn't give himself time to recover, leaning out of bed to grab a shirt from his bag of dirty laundry and scrubbing his stomach and cock clean, wiping his hands hurriedly. He's just rolled over to face the wall again, still trying to slow his breathing, when the door slides open again to let in a slice of light from the corridor. They're quieter this time, getting into bed, and Cassian wishes they would talk again, if only to cover up how inconsistent his breathing is right now. He does catch a soft te quiero in the dark, and his breathing catches all over again. It takes him a long time to fall asleep after that. * * * Cassian wakes up to Shara watching him from across the room. Kes is still passed out behind her, facing the wall, and Shara yawns, rubbing her eyes. "Morning," she whispers. "You sleep okay?" Cassian tries to smile at her like he isn't stuck to his own underwear. His mouth is so dry he coughs into his forearm to clear his throat. "Yeah, it was – fine. How did you sleep?" Shara's closed her eyes again but she smiles back softly, blinks over at him after a minute. "Good. Finally feels like I actually rested." Cassian's noticed she's often awake far later than Kes, yet always up before him. Another thing they have in common then: their envy of how easily Kes can fall asleep. "I think I'm going to get up for caf," Shara says, quietly. "D'you want to come?" Cassian nods. "I should go by the fresher first. Brush my teeth." "Yeah. I've got to pee." Shara wrinkles her nose and rolls out of bed carefully, grabbing her trousers from the end of the bed and pulling them on over her long underwear. "Meet you in the hall in five minutes?" Shara's waiting for him when he comes out of the fresher. She's wearing one of Kes' chunky pullovers and looks like she could go back to bed. Cassian's sure he doesn't look any better. The mess hall is largely deserted, and they have their pick of tables, so they choose a small one under the open heat vent. Shara props her chin in one hand, elbow propped on the table across from Cassian. Her hair falls loose in soft waves everywhere. "What?" She says, grinning when she catches him looking. "Nothing," Cassian says too fast, caf sloshing in his cup as he moves it nervously. Shara touches her cheek. "Do I have something on my face?" "No." Cassian frowns. It's nothing so simple. Shara hums and then goes a little quiet, considering. "We didn't keep you up last night, did we?" "Oh! I – no, you didn't." She bites her lip and looks away for a second. "Force, we did. I'm sorry." Cassian scratches the back of his neck. Looks into his cup of caf. Bites his lip. "It's okay." "Is it?" Shara is looking at him again, and there's something he can't put a name to in her face. Testing. "We don't want to drive you away." It feels like a strange way for her to say do you want to leave or do we need to stop? , which is what Cassian had expected. "I..." Cassian has to take another sip, or three, of caf before he decides on, "You're married." "Yes," Shara agrees, her thumb tracing the rim of her mug. "Okay." Cassian looks across the empty mess hall and suddenly wishes they weren't so alone. "Do we make you uncomfortable?" Shara asks, quietly. He thinks of the way they laugh at his jokes and share their space with him and breathe softly at night. "No." Shara's shoulders relax. "That's the last thing we want." "Do I make you uncomfortable?" Cassian asks, looking into his mug again. "No," Shara says, and her voice is as warm as it had been last night in the dark. She reaches across the table and puts her hand over his wrist. " No ." Cassian swallows and turns his hand just enough that their palms brush. "Okay." Shara clears her throat. "Does it bother you? That we're married." Cassian doesn't know how to answer that. It's not like he wants them not to be married, but he also... it aches a little, sometimes. "I mean," Shara inhales, sharp and then slow, forcing her voice steady. "Does it bother you that we're together but we have feelings for another person? I know sometimes people don't... understand that." She can definitely feel the jump in his pulse at that, with the way her fingertips are rested against the soft inside of his wrist. "Where Kes and I come from, it isn't as unusual as it is here," she says, carefully. "It's common in lots of places," Cassian says quietly. "Some people don't pay attention to that," Shara smiles, small but blooming. "Do I, um," Cassian asks, tongue wetting his lips, "Know the person you're... interested in?" Shara draws her fingertip down from the heel of his hand across the pulse point at his wrist and her smile edges wider. "You should talk to Kes." Cassian feels his cheeks tinge hot. It seems almost absurd, like he's sleepwalking, or like he never left his bed at all. Like he'll wake up any minute with the mess of last night still crusty on his skin and this entire conversation will have been a fevered dream. Shara squeezes his hand and stands up. "I have to be in the hangar like, right now," she says, apologetically. "I'm serious, though, Cassian. Talk to him." Cassian nods. The caf in the bottom of his cup has gone cold, and the air seems to drop ten degrees when Shara leaves. He gets up and refills his mug. * * * Their room is empty when Cassian gets back. It feels like a sign, like the Force is saving him some horrific embarrassment. That seems like the most likely outcome of all this, to Cassian; somehow he's terribly misunderstood Shara and she and Kes aren't interested in him at all. Even if they are, Cassian isn't sure that's something he wants to get involved with. Kes and Shara are married, childhood sweethearts before that. It's hard to imagine them wanting something serious with a third person. And if they don't want serious – Cassian is over the masochism of his early twenties, when he might've been willing to settle for hooking up with someone he had deeper feelings for. Kes comes in from the fresher, already bundled up, nothing but his wet bangs in his face giving away where he's been. Cassian watches a water drop slide down his jawline, and looks away. He won't say anything today. Chapter 6 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 4th Month After the Death Star, prospects for the Rebel Alliance have changed enough that victories aren't so rare and precious. They're still good , Cassian appreciates every one of them, but he's also been around long enough to realize that winning a battle doesn't mean winning the war. Even the Trench Run didn't win them this war. But victories are a good excuse to drink, so they all celebrate like every 'trooper down is Palpatine himself. Objectively, Cassian knows the hallway is just as cold as always, that their room is just as frigid as usual. With Kes' arm around his shoulders and Shara pressed up against his side, the spicy after-taste of liquor still on his tongue, though, he can't really feel it. "Here we go," Kes says, pulling Cassian down with him onto the cots pushed together in the corner. Shara bounces onto the mattress and scoots between them, stealing the bottle of brandy from Kes. She takes a quick sip and passes it to Cassian, pressing his fingers around the glass like she's afraid he might drop it. "This is nice stuff," Cassian says, and turns the bottle in his hands to study the curled aurebesh crawling across the label. "Wasn't made under Solo's bunk, for a change." "Kes won it off Wedge," Shara whispers loudly, wriggling her arm under Cassian's to grab the bottle back. "If you're not having any, you could at least share, Andor." "I'm savoring ," Cassian says, and he does, taking a slow sip that touches every part of his tongue before he swallows. Shara leans her chin on Kes' shoulder and watches him, hand still held out, waiting. Cassian wrinkles his eyes, cheeks feeling warm with good alcohol, as he hands the bottle back to her. "Impatient." "Always," Kes laughs, and slides his arm free from Cassian's shoulders to tug Shara against him. The bottle sloshes but she keeps it upright, takes a long drink with her cheek pressed to Kes' chest. Cassian smiles at them, the picture they make, Shara's dark curls, so black they're almost blue, against Kes' broad chest. "C'mere," Shara says, grabbing Cassian's wrist and tugging sharply. He's had enough to drink to be pliable with it, slumping closer to them, up the mattress. "Easier to share this way," Shara explains solemnly, passing him the bottle back. Cassian's knees are pressed up against Kes', Shara now snug between two sets of thighs. "I think you're just stealing our body heat." "Shh," Shara laughs. "Is that a problem?" "No." Cassian grins at her and reaches out to tug at a loose lock of her hair. The slip of it is sharp against his knuckles. Shara licks her lips and glances up at Kes briefly before smiling back. Kes takes the bottle from her hand and takes a small swig before handing it to Cassian. "Down to the bottom, somehow," he says. "For you." "Let Shara have it," Cassian shrugs. He doesn't really want to get properly drunk tonight: he's just loose enough that it's comfortable, but if he drinks any more he'll be maudlin, and that's no fun for anyone. "Yeah, let me have it," Shara says, looking up at Kes. He rolls his eyes at her and she grins winningly. Cassian passes it to her and she finishes it in one, reaching over Kes to set it down on nightstand. "Mmm." Shara sighs indulgently and stretches out, her knees hooking over Cassian's in front of her as she nestles back into Kes behind her. "I'm almost lukewarm." "Tepid," Cassian agrees. He's dreading the inevitable moment he'll have to peel himself away for the cold bunk across the room. He should have done it five minutes ago, but now he's nearly warm and it seems impossible. "Hey," Shara says, quietly. "Hmm?" Kes has one hand slid up under the waist of Shara's sweater, and Cassian can't stop watching the way the tendons in his wrist are flexing gently. "You should," Shara says, which doesn't make any sense to Cassian. He looks up, wondering if he's missed something. "I don't know," Kes says, slowly. "I will, then," Shara decides. Cassian's about to say, you'll what? when there's suddenly a big, dry, familiar palm pressed to his cheek. He knows Kes' hands, trusts them. "How drunk are you right now, buddy?" Kes looks very serious, leaning across Shara to scan Cassian's face. "Not very," Cassian says, slowly. Kes' thumb drags lightly down his cheekbone. "Just a little tipsy, why?" "Ah," Kes says, and smiles a little ruefully. "Because I'd kind of like to kiss you?" Cassian blinks. Kes' fingertips are calloused and rough, good working hands, but he's touching Cassian as lightly as if he were a bomb that needed defusing. "Or if we've got this all wrong then I can stop right now." Kes sounds breathless, and his cheeks are flushed all the way back to his ears. "No, it's – wrong about what? About me ?" "Honey," Shara laughs, and Cassian can't tell who it's directed at any more, because she's smiling at both of them. "What do I do?" Kes whispers loudly to Shara. He's still holding Cassian's face. Cassian bites the inside of his cheek and tries not to laugh, but – what does he do? "Force," Shara sighs. "Cassian, sweetheart, is this okay?" "I – yes?" Cassian blinks. "I've never had a threesome, but sure, if that's how this party is going to go. Sure." Kes looks at Shara again, despairing, and pulls his hand away. "That's not exactly what we were thinking," he says. "We really like you," Shara nods. "And we hoped that you liked us too," Kes finishes. "More than just sex." "Of course I like you." Cassian's heart is pounding. He's sweating for the first time in months despite the cold. "Who – I can't imagine anyone who met you not liking you. Either of you. Both of you." "Well, both of us like you ," Shara says, gently. Cassian's mouth still tastes like the fire of the Corellian brandy. "You're married." "Believe us, we know," Kes says. He still sounds weirdly out of breath. "There are lots of planets where marriages have three people," Shara says, and she's quieter than usual – more serious – but at least she sounds like she's in control. She has a pilot's nerves of steel. "Not that you have to marry us, or anything, just... we were thinking more than a threesome. More like... dating." "If you're even interested," Kes says, quickly. "And if we've made it weird then we're really, really sorry—" "It's not weird," Cassian says quickly. "It's not weird. I'm – I don't want to be a problem?" "Fucking Force," Kes sighs, "Cassian." "Ask a man if he wants to be part of our relationship and he's still worried about being in the way ," Shara laughs softly. She takes Cassian's face in her hands, palms much smaller and softer than Kes' were. And her hands aren't as dry, so maybe she's a little nervous after all. "Cassian Jeron Andor. Escúchame." She looks him right in the eye. "You are not a problem. We both want you. And we want each other as much as ever. We think maybe we could love you, if you think you could love us. And we want to sleep with you, also, whenever or if ever you want that. I'm just saying. ¿Claro?" Cassian clears his throat. Shara's hands on his face keep him focused on her, but Cassian can tell out of his peripheral vision that Kes is staying close, too. "Claro." "Good," Shara says. "Do you, um..." She exhales through her teeth and seems a little flustered for the first time he can remember. "Do you need to sleep on it, or – can we...?" "No pressure," Kes says. "We know it's a lot, and we didn't really... we probably could've done this better—" "No, it's good," Cassian says. "I'm surprised, but... I've liked – I like you both. For a while. Let's do it. This, I mean. Dating, I mean." "Dating us," Kes repeats, looking hopeful. Cassian nods. "You should definitely kiss him now," Shara breathes. Before Cassian can even get to the downstroke of his agreeing nod, Kes' mouth is on his. Shara is still cupping his jaw with one hand, and Kes' hand comes up to the other side of Cassian's face immediately. It's been a long time since Cassian's had a good kiss, but this fits the bill. Kes keeps it soft, his mouth fit just right to Cassian's, his lips closing gently over Cassian's upper lip. His lips are chapped and wind-burned from the air, but everyone's are here, and he still knows how to use them. Shara leans into Cassian's shoulder, and then there's a warm mouth on his neck, too. Cassian sighs against Kes' mouth and then there's the gentle touch of a tongue against his lip. The kiss deepens and in the same breath, Shara's teeth nip at the cords of his neck. It's like the pair of them have the same mind and know exactly how to take Cassian slowly apart. All he can do is shiver between them, reach up to grasp Kes' shoulder for balance. "Here," Kes murmurs, not moving back from the kiss. He eases up and over Shara's knees, straddling Cassian's thigh and gently leaning him back against the pillows at the head of the mattress. Shara follows, settling down by Cassian's side and keeping her face tucked against his throat. Cassian doesn't know what to do with his hands. He wants to touch them both, his hands practically burning with it. "Let him breathe," Shara says, and Kes props up on his elbow, giving Cassian a little room. "You OK down there?" Kes asks, a grin shading half of his mouth. "Both of you?" "I'm just fine," Shara says, and punctuates it with a kiss to Cassian's jaw, just beneath his ear. "Good," Cassian agrees, shivering. Shara's found his sweet spot. "De perlas." Shara hums, nosing at his earlobe, and draws her teeth against the delicate skin of his throat curiously. Cassian turns his face toward her, because if Kes can kiss like that… Shara glances up at Kes and raises an eyebrow, tilts her chin. It's Kes' teeth, instead, that start to nibble their way down Cassian's neck in response. "Tries to pretend he's not a biter," Shara laughs, and kisses Cassian's cheek, just an inch away from his mouth. "I like it," Cassian admits quietly. "Some adrenaline." " Captain Cassian Andor likes adrenaline?" Shara's laughter is hot, right up against his jaw. "I never would've guessed." Cassian swallows at the way Kes bites down against what he can unearth of Cassian's collarbone from beneath all of the layers of cold-weather clothes. "Go easy on him, Shara," Kes mumbles. He's got one hand up under Cassian's top coat and is unbuttoning the shirt beneath it, tugging it down to show more of Cassian's neck and chest. "You don't have to," Cassian assures Shara, nudging her nose with his own. "Don't go easy on me." Shara's eyes widen slightly and her grin is all teeth. "I feel like I should at least kiss you first." Cassian is the one to close the gap, though, gently tugging at her lower lip. She sighs and tilts her face up, her nose brushing his as she opens her mouth for him. He wonders whether she taught Kes to kiss or he taught her. They're both good at it. He's barely touched the tip of his tongue at her lip before she's sucking at it, pressing closer up against his side and exhaling through her nose. It's an onslaught, both of them working him at once, and Cassian can't help the way he starts thinking tactically: kiss Shara senseless, keep track of what Kes is stripping from his chest, work toward getting his hands free so he can touch them both all over. "Fuck," Kes says, after a few minutes. "Is it my turn again?" "Yeah, switch," Shara agrees, pulling back from Cassian and reaching behind herself to pull her hair into a bun. "Hey," Kes says, grinning down at Cassian shyly, as if maybe Cassian had somehow forgotten about him. "Hey," Cassian says. He licks over his own lip, a little sore, and can't quite meet Kes' eyes when he says, "I've wanted this for a long time, you know." Kes eases onto his side, freeing Cassian's arm, and finds his hand. "Me too." Shara scrambles around on the bed until she's pressed up against Cassian's back, her mouth warm and soft against the back of his neck. She holds him close as she unbuttons the front of his pants. "Kriff," Cassian gapes, "Shara—" "Too fast?" "At least let's get under the covers," Kes laughs. "He'll freeze to death if you get his dick out like that." "Don't want that." Shara laughs into Cassian's shoulder. "I think they're on your side, hotshot." "Give me a moment," Kes says, and kisses Cassian again, shortly, before pulling away to find the edge of the blankets. They float over them like a parachute and then it's warmer, all of their body heat bouncing off one another in their little nest. "Can I get your dick out now?" Shara asks, breath ticklish against Cassian's ear. "Only if you promise always to ask so romantic like that." "Kes is the romantic," Shara shrugs, tucking her fingers into the waistband of his trousers. "Mm," Kes agrees, nuzzling Cassian's face. "I get to spoil you both now." Cassian kisses him, tugging him in with a hand in his hair, and Kes whines. "He likes that," Shara murmurs. "You can scratch the back of his neck, too." Cassian remembers the dozen times he's seen the marks there, and shudders, digs his fingers in to leave his own. "Kriff," Kes mutters. The mattress shakes as he wriggles to undo his own pants. Shara reaches across and catches his hand, holds it still for a second. "D'you want to do the honors?" Kes glances down at Cassian's open fly, Shara's other hand pressed flat against his lower stomach, waiting. He looks shy as he nods. Cassian crooks a knuckle under Kes' chin and lifts his face so that he can kiss both of his cheeks and then his lips. "Can I?" Kes asks, when Cassian leans back for a breath. "Yes." Cassian's hand runs down over the side of Kes' neck, over his broad, warm chest. "Can I?" "Fuck yes," Kes sighs, melting against Cassian. Shara is still snuggled up behind Cassian, kissing his neck and trailing her hands beneath his shirts as she peers over his shoulder, watching her husband. Her husband . Cassian's hands shake as he peels Kes' undershirt up, untucks the vest beneath it. Kes is hard in his trousers and Cassian slowly runs the heel of his hand down against him. "Oh, fuck." Kes' voice is low and sharp. Shara laughs, breathy and muffled into Cassian's shoulder. "No underwear?" Kes sounds delighted, nosing at Cassian's cheek and peering down between them. "You stole my last clean pair," Cassian reminds him. "Like an old married couple already," says Shara, and the flats of her teeth press into Cassian's shoulder as she grins. "Don't propose for me," Kes huffs. "Already did that once, Shara, Force." Cassian can hardly hear their gentle bickering over the way blood rushes in his ears as Kes wraps his hand around Cassian's cock and Shara's clever fingers find his nipples under his shirts. "Kriff," Kes breathes. "Cassian—" He eases his fingers closed around Cassian's cock and gives an experimental tug. "Oh," Cassian gasps, quiet. "Hi." "I'm not an expert," Kes mutters, "but Force , you've got a nice cock." "Thanks," Cassian says. "Grew it myself." "Smartass," Shara says. "Can I see, boys?" Cassian nods and then there are two hands on him, one large and one small. "Oh," Shara sighs, "Cassian, you're lovely." He thinks he gurgles thanks ? It might be something in Wookiee. "You've been thinking about this for a while, haven't you, Kes?" Kes nods and scoots closer, the beds creaking under the combined weight of three people. "Shara and I may've talked about this, a little," he tells Cassian. "He told me about how much he wants to suck you," Shara murmurs in Cassian's ear. Her thumb traces along the thick vein. Cassian presses his palm down against Kes' fly and inhales deeply, looking up at Kes. "Yeah?" Kes' Adam's apple bobs twice, fast. "Yeah." "I've thought about that, too," Cassian admits. He knows he's blushing, still acutely aware that Kes is married to the woman curled behind him, her foot dragging up and down along his calf. "I gotta say I'm starting to rethink that now," Kes says, choked-laughter against Cassian's jaw. "Kriff." He gives Cassian's cock a careful squeeze. "I'm not," Shara says, and her leg curls further around Cassian. Cassian's hips snap up, cock twitching in their hands, helpless and obvious. "Is that – um." "You didn't think Kes was gonna get all the fun, did you?" Shara asks. "I don't know," Cassian breathes. "I didn't really... I hadn't really thought about it that much?" "We have," Kes and Shara say in one breath, and then Kes is kissing him again. "I mean," Cassian clears his throat. "I definitely thought about it , I just—" he shakes his head, and kisses Kes back. "Less thinking," Shara says, approvingly. "More doing. At least for now." "Yeah," Cassian agrees, "yeah, I wanna touch you both, fuck." He tugs at Kes' fly and it finally gives, leaving room for Cassian's fingers to slide inside. " Oh ," he breathes, "Maybe I can blow you first, and then we can talk about who blows me?" "I would... not complain about that," Kes says, pressing his forehead against Cassian's. Shara's hand leaves Cassian's cock and instead she strokes over Kes' hair. They're all pressed so close together that Cassian can feel every time Shara takes a breath, her ribs expanding against his back, every time Kes exhales. "Do you – should we," Cassian tries to clear his head, clear his throat. Shara is grinding against Cassian's leg, hot between her thighs and breathing shakily as she holds Kes close to them. Impossibly, she seems to know, and kisses his shoulder. "No, you two go ahead." Kes' kiss is less delicate, when Cassian's hand is wrapped around his dick. Wetter, fuller. Cassian just leans more heavily into it, kisses him back just as hard. Kes' cock is hot in his hand and under the blankets, everything is already muggy and gathering the sweat-salt smell of them. The burn of brandy has long since worn off Kes' mouth as Cassian licks against his teeth. "Don't let him do all the work, babe," Shara murmurs. "Not," Kes grunts, and his hand tightens over Cassian's cock again. "You should get him off, Kes." Shara kisses Cassian's shoulder decisively, rucking his shirt up his stomach again. "And then me, after." "Uh-huh," Kes agrees. Cassian has to smile into the side of Kes' neck at the way Shara makes him lose his words, at the way Kes hardens even more with a pulse in his hand. "Don't let him come yet," Shara mock-whispers, and nips at Cassian's ear. "I won't," Cassian says back. "I won't." "Knew you'd be perfect," Shara says, a real whisper this time, so soft it can only be meant for Cassian. There's a flood in his chest at that totally unrelated to the way Kes is working his cock so perfectly it could bring tears to his eyes. Kes adjusts his hand, his thumb brushing up under the head and Cassian jerks, gasping. "That's it," Shara encourages them both. "Kes, tell Cassian what you want." "Come on, big talker," Cassian huffs. Kes always has something to say. "Kriff," Kes mutters, "Got both of you ganging up on me now." Shara laughs. "You love it." "I do," Kes says. "That's what I want, I want both of you at once, and – all the time." Cassian inhales and comes as Shara squeezes his hip, Kes' hand twisting just right around his cock. It might have felt anticlimactic, except for the way Kes moans and presses in to kiss him through it, the way Shara is petting his side and humming in his ear. He splatters up Kes' wrist and over the blanket and inside of his shirts, but he doesn't care about the stickiness. It's been a while since it's been with someone else, and Cassian lets himself float in the comfort of being held between two warm bodies. "That was so good," Shara praises softly, for both Cassian and Kes, her hands smoothing both of their sweaty hair in turn. "So good," Kes breathes, kissing Cassian's chin, the corner of his mouth, clumsily. "Now you." Cassian presses kisses between the words. "You two, I want to see, I've – I've thought about it." "Oh?" Shara's smile is obvious between his shoulder blades even through two sweaters. "Tell us?" "Just... you're married," Cassian says helplessly. "It's not like I don't know what you do." "Are you saying we're obvious ?" Kes laughs, finally, finally letting go of Cassian's cock and wiping his hand on his own trousers. "The night after the big party," Cassian mumbles. "You – yeah." He pauses. "No, no, no," Shara says, her mouth warm and promising against his throat. "We're all adults here, we can talk about this." "We were thinking about you," Kes reminds him, gently. "It's not like we're going to be upset if you were doing the same thing." Cassian still feels like he's been caught with his pants down, both figuratively and literally, but Kes kisses his mouth and runs his sticky hand up and down the line of Cassian's ribs. "Just don't be too disappointed if this time doesn't measure up," Shara says. "Kes is pretty worked up already." "I... don't think I could be disappointed," Cassian says, and laughs, and everything is too surreal. "Force, I hope not." Kes is laughing too, his fingers slotting between Cassian's ribs, spreading across his pecs. Cassian wonders if this is strange for him, the difference between his body and Shara's, but Kes doesn't seem thrown by it. "Hmm," Shara sighs. "Kes, let me kiss him now, it's my turn." Kes shares a knowing look with Cassian, and kisses him once more, firmly, before pulling away. "Yes ma'am. You have something better for me to do?" Shara waggles her eyebrows once, grinning, as they all shift around on the bed so that Cassian can lean over her and stroke his knuckles down her cheek. "Always, my love," Shara says cheerfully. "I'm just helping you show off." Kes grumbles something unintelligible, but rearranges the covers, kneels between Shara's legs when she opens them for him. Even though he's still coming down from coming, a flare of heat warms Cassian's gut at the way Kes fits there, Shara's pretty thighs over his shoulders. Kes bends over to fit his face to the crotch of her trousers, rubbing his nose up the seam and inhaling slowly. "Oh, abejita." "You'll have to work hard to keep me warm," Shara says. "Leave the blankets off so Cassian can see." "You don't have to freeze just for me," Cassian says, kissing the corner of her mouth. Shara kisses the end of his nose. "Then help warm me up." "Of course," Cassian agrees easily. "You're in charge, aren't you?" "No." Shara looks surprisingly chagrined at that. "Not like... we're all in charge. I'm in charge, but you're in charge too. And Kes is in charge, too." Cassian brushes a curl off her forehead, settles a little closer to her on his propped-up elbow. "I didn't mean in a bad way." "I know, I'm just – saying so it's out there." Shara runs her fingers around the shell of his ear. Cassian nods. He can ask about it later, can't he? If they're serious about this being more than sex. Shara smiles at him softly and urges his face down so she can kiss him. "Up," Kes says softly from somewhere down the bed, and Shara squirms, but her lips stay soft on Cassian's. Kes' hand knocks against Cassian's knee, and Cassian breaks the kiss to look down to where Kes is tugging Shara's pants down to hang off one leg. Shara has a long scar down her thigh, puffy and pale and painful-looking. Kes kisses it, and then her knee. She wriggles at that, scrunching up her nose, but Kes just holds her calf steady with one hand and kisses hard enough to leave a mark at the side of her knee. Cassian licks his lips and kisses her temple. "I can smell you. He's lucky." Shara laughs, ducking her head against Cassian's arm for a moment. "He's being a tease, is what he is." "You said to show off," Kes says, his voice muffled by the inside of Shara's thigh. "You can show off without being a tease about it," Shara says, shifting her legs wide around him and shivering. Kes' eyes lock onto Cassian's, and then his tongue is red and soft and licking out against Shara's cunt slow and delicate. "Just like that," Shara breathes, pressing her nose to Cassian's bicep and tilting her hips up, up against Kes' face. Cassian doesn't know where to look, where he's allowed to look. Kes keeps pushing Shara's thighs open, spreading her with his thumbs and pressing his face right up against her. The look on his face is rapturous. It's not an expression that Cassian's ever seen on him before – never been privy to see, before. Shara reaches down to cup his cheek, and Kes turns his face into her hand, sucks the tip of her finger into his mouth. His eyelashes are so long that they're leaving shadows on his cheeks. "I want..." Cassian breathes, not even sure what to say. "Can I...?" "Yeah," Shara says, at the same time as Kes opens his eyes and asks, a little slurred, "What?" "Don't know," Cassian admits. "All of it." "Whatever you want," Shara decides, petting Kes' cheek. "But you have plenty of time, you don't have to decide now." Cassian nods and buries his face into the side of Shara's neck, kissing as wet as Kes is kissing between her legs. One of them lifts one of Cassian's hands and then it's buried under the layers of Shara's shirts, her skin blazing. "She loves that," Kes mumbles, not lifting his mouth from her, and somehow Cassian can still tell what he said. Cassian walks his fingers up the stretch of Shara's stomach and over her ribs to her chest, then pauses. "Yeah," Shara breathes. "Please." Every inch of her skin is so soft that Cassian worries his fingers must seem rough to her, but Shara just arches her back, leaning into the touch. He can't pretend that he hasn't caught glimpses of her, even so bundled up, and wondered what her figure was like under all of those clothes. He doesn't want to give up kissing her neck, so he still can't look, but under his hands she just feels soft . Soft skin and smooth curves, and Cassian presses his adoration into every kiss. She has more breast than he can fit into one hand, and they're soft enough to have flattened a bit under the weight of Hoth's gravity. But the sound Shara makes when Cassian thumbs her nipple – "Yeah," Kes says, raising his chin just to agree, before Shara pushes him back down. "Force." "Fuck, yes, maker," Shara bites, her teeth flashing against her lower lip. Cassian uses two fingertips the next time, still cautious. "Oh, fuck, Cassian... kriff, your hands, I..." Shara swallows. "Knew you had good hands." "You have good—" Cassian stops himself, flushed, "you're just – really gorgeous." Shara's face is mottled with pink, but she still grins. "You can say I have good tits." "You do," Cassian says, immediately. "It's more than just that, though, you're just... beautiful." "You too," Shara says, her voice reedy as she twitches her hips toward Kes' mouth again. Cassian cups one breast again in his hand, nuzzling at her collarbone. She's gone tense, drawn tight, beside him, her fingers clenched in the sheet between them. "Fingers," Shara says, "Kes—" "Kriff," Cassian breathes, glancing down just long enough to see Kes shifting to follow her directions. "I want to lick those clean when he's done," Cassian continues, nuzzling at the side of Shara's neck. "Fuck," Shara moans, and Kes echoes it between her legs, doing something that has her shaking. She swears again when she comes, tense with energy like a blaster bolt in flight, and just as bright. Cassian brings his hand up to hold her chin steady enough for a kiss, and she breathes against his mouth, chest heaving. Her smooth skin is all-over prickly with goosebumps as Cassian runs his hand down over her side so that he can find Kes again. "Hey," Kes breathes, taking his hand and shifting to curl up against Shara's side. "Hey," Shara pants. Cassian lifts Kes' wet hand toward him and nuzzles against his palm. "Hey." "That was good," Shara whispers, a little hoarse. "Yeah it was," Kes grins, kissing the rucked-up sweater over her boobs. Cassian is too busy sucking at Kes' index finger to say anything, but he nods. "Your turn?" Shara asks Kes. "Please." Kes presses his finger carefully down against Cassian's tongue. Cassian hollows his cheeks and slurps down the sticky-salt taste from Kes' hand. As Kes withdraws his finger slowly, Shara licks at Cassian's lower lip. Kes leans up, clearly hoping for his own kiss, and Shara moves back obligingly. "Do you mind – ?" Kes asks, lips just brushing Cassian's as he waits for approval. Cassian shakes his head and closes the gap, kissing Kes deeply. Shara sighs, touching each of their faces lightly. "That's pretty." Kes curls his tongue up behind Cassian's teeth and he's panting a little when Cassian lets him lean back again. Kes makes a wounded little noise. "You said – my turn?" "Yeah," Shara promises. "Here, switch with me so you're in the middle, and we can—" she tugs at his arm, scooting back so that he can squirm between her and Cassian. "Touch you better," she concludes. "Cassian, you too, yeah?" Cassian can't speak, when he nods, because he's wanted this for – years, now. To make Kes come apart, to help make Kes come apart. Kes shucks his trousers down off his hips and looks up at them hopefully. "Please?" It's even harder than before when Cassian runs his thumb over the tip. Drippy with how badly he wants them. "He has the prettiest cock," Shara sighs, propping her chin on Kes' shoulder and glancing across at Cassian. Kes nods. "You should touch it. Feels nice, too." "Sinvergüenza," Shara laughs, as Cassian shakes his head. "You should," he agrees to Shara, nudging her arm with his nose. Shara sighs exaggeratedly, and kisses Kes' chin. "Ganging up on me already. I should've known." Her smaller fingers fit between Cassian's perfectly around Kes' cock. "Not gonna last," Kes grunts, and he looks apologetic with a crease between his eyebrows. "I didn't," Cassian points out, nosing at his cheek. Shara just twists her hand, bringing Cassian's fingers with her to hug the head. "She won't – kriff, yes – make fun of you ." Kes flings his forearm up to cover his eyes, his chest heaving. "Not tonight," Shara agrees, and pulls her hand free from Cassian's—"Don't stop—" to reach down and cup Kes' balls. Kes' neck has a shine of fresh sweat when he comes. "There you go," Shara praises, running her hand up his thigh and stomach, steering clear of the mess over his abs. "Fuck, babe." Cassian runs his fingers through the line of dark hair under Kes' navel just to feel the speed of his pulse under his fingertips. Kes shifts to lean his forehead against Cassian's. "You're way too good at that," he mumbles. His eyelashes are brushing Cassian's cheek. "Had a lot of practice," Cassian says, and he's – kind of giddy, a laugh already bubbling in his chest. Kes' grin is smushed against his jaw. "Oh, really?" "Hey, I've been with the Alliance a long time," Cassian says. "Have you seen us? We're a good-looking group." "You certainly are," Shara says, running her thumb across his chin and up his jawline. "You – you're... gorgeous," Cassian says, and he looks at Shara with wide eyes. Shara laughs. "Thank you." "You should see her boobs," Kes mumbles, still covering his eyes. "When she stops being afraid of the cold and takes her clothes off for real." "Like you're not afraid of the cold," Shara huffs. "Please." "I felt them," Cassian points out. "They're amazing." "But you should see ," Kes insists. "They're the best. She's the best. You're the best!" Shara kisses Kes on the elbow. "all right, Mister. I think someone's ready for bed." She shares a grin with Cassian. Cassian smiles back at her fuzzily and then steels himself for the cold, stretching and sitting up to move. "Hey," Kes says, shifting his arm to peer after Cassian. "Where're you going?" "You're welcome to stay," Shara says, quietly. "But if you don't want to then obviously we'll respect that." She gives Kes a meaningful look. "We'll respect that," Kes repeats. His eyes are closed again, lips relaxed with exhaustion, but Cassian can tell that he isn't actually falling asleep quite yet. He knows Kes. Knows how he sleeps. "There's plenty of room if you stay," Shara says. "This lump would sleep on top of me every night if he could, but I like spreading out, so it doesn't have to mean cuddles, either." Cassian swallows. "And you'll still be okay with it in the morning?" "We're asking you to stay," Shara says, gently. "We'll still want you to stay in the morning." Kes nods, his hair shushing against the pillow. Cassian lets out a breath he doesn't remember taking. "Okay. Okay." "Pajamas?" Shara asks him. "Pajamas are for losers," Kes mutters. Shara laughs and kisses his palm. "Pajamas are for people stuck on ice planets, dear." "Ugh," Kes groans. "Why again couldn't they have chosen someplace that wasn't a single-biome?" "Too late now." Shara taps his hip. "Come on, get up. Otherwise we'll all stick together." Cassian stretches tiredly as Kes flops out of bed to find water and wipes, and Shara pulls her shirts back down. All of his limbs feel a little fuzzy. Kes takes the flannel and mops himself up, then sucks in a breath through his teeth. "Force, it's already freezing." "Get back in bed, then," Cassian says, amused. Kes does. * * * Cassian jolts awake disoriented and very, very warm. The bunk is still dark, but the faint shadows from the emergency stripping and the glowing dots on the space heater look wrong, the angles are wrong. He's not in his own bed. Slowly it comes back to him: the warmth is Shara's breath against his chest and Kes' warm arms around his waist. The angles are wrong because he's in their bed across the room. He can't relax again, muscles drawn up tight, and Shara shifts, her chin clipping his shoulder as she pulls away. "Mm?" Her eyes are still closed, but her face is tilted up to his questioningly. There's a red mark on her neck from Cassian's mouth, the sharp scratch of his stubble. "Nothing," he whispers. "Go back to sleep." "Ugh," Kes mumbles, and his arm tightens around Cassian's ribs. "Shhh." "You shhh," Shara says, swats at Kes' hand awkwardly from beneath the sheets. She tucks her face against Cassian's neck, and her mouth is shockingly warm, lips parted slightly against his skin. Cassian doesn't know whether to wrap his arms around Shara. They'd said they wanted more than just one night, but what does that mean now that they're sober and day will be dawning? "I can feel you freaking out," Shara whispers, her hand squirming through the covers to find Cassian's hip. "What's wrong?" "Nothing," Cassian whispers. He isn't freaking out. He's just – he's a tactician. He doesn't know the plan. "Do you need to go?" Shara sounds fully awake, now, keeping her voice low. "Not yet," Cassian admits. "I'm on second shift, I think. I wonder if the weather has cleared enough to send anyone out to the probes." "We would've received an update from Control," Shara points out. "Can you go back to sleep?" Cassian tries to keep still. Kes' breathing behind him is still slow and deep. "No. But I can get up, if it bothers you. I can go sit in the mess with my caf." "It doesn't bother me." Shara eases close again, sighing. "Kes always sleeps better than I do. It's nice not being the only one awake for once." She tucks her ankle over Cassian's calf, and her leg is warm all the way up to his hip. It makes Cassian shiver, suddenly aware of every place their bodies are touching. "What?" Shara brushes the stubborn lock of hair off Cassian's forehead. "Are you okay? Hung over?" "A little," Cassian admits, licking his lips. They feel dry. Bitten. Shara's other hand moves up under his shirt at the waist, her fingers lazily petting his side. "You remember why you're here?" She's smiling, but he can see – and hear – that she's asking him genuinely. She sounds almost nervous about his answer. Cassian tilts his head, presses his mouth to her forehead. Her hair tastes slightly salty, a reminder of the sweat they'd worked up the night before. "I do." "And?" Shara scoots up the mattress until she can look him in the eyes. There's a crease on her cheek from the pillows. Cassian cradles her jaw in his hand, thumb tracing the imprint of the pillowcase across her skin. "It feels like a dream." The tension in Shara's forehead breaks as she smiles at him and turns her face to kiss his palm. "It wasn't a dream." "Some of us would like to still be dreaming," comes Kes' voice, raspy and gruff from behind Cassian. "Perezoso," Shara mutters. There's no heat behind it. Her breath smells sour with stale alcohol and sleep, but Cassian doesn't want to pull his face away like he always has in the past. He doesn't normally wake up with people and intend to see them again. It's not something he's opposed to the way he used to be. Kes shifts, his weight settling against Cassian's back, his knee tucked behind Cassian's. "What're we talking about?" He asks into Cassian's hair. "How badly you snore," Shara says, without hesitation. Cassian is trying to not go tense from the alien feeling of Kes's cock, semihard, pressed to the small of his back. "Lies." Kes kisses the back of Cassian's neck. "I heard something about dreams. Unless you're dreaming about smothering me so I stop snoring." Cassian's neck prickles, goosebumps forming on his arms. He's ticklish, apparently, held between them so close, with so much contact. "I do dream of that," Shara laughs, still soft, like the morning has toned everything down to its sleepy level. Kes presses his face into the back of Cassian's, shoulder. Everything is so warm . "At least Cassian likes me," he murmurs, sounding forlorn. Shara nods sympathetically. "Although he might not appreciate you shoving your dick at him this early in the morning, mi corazón." "You do," Kes snorts at her. "Let him speak for himself." Cassian doesn't mind the closeness, but it's so alien that he feels slightly overwhelmed. "I'm – it's okay. I need to get up. Pee. Teeth." Kes backs away immediately, giving Cassian room to sit up. Shara moves her arm away, too, and Cassian shuffles to the end of the cot awkwardly. It's cold, outside the covers and their arms, but it seems harder to go back than to keep going. He stumbles into his boots. Shara and Kes are watching him when he turns around, twin sets of dark eyes looking concerned. "I'm okay," he promises. "Really. Just drank a lot." He shoves his foot further into his boot, but leaves them untied. "I'll be back." He tries a small smile. "I promise." "Okay," Kes says, slowly. "Don't forget your jacket." Cassian takes it from the back of the chair where he left it. "Thanks. I'll, um, do you want me to bring you back some caf? Tea?" Shara and Kes exchange another look. "No thank you," Shara says. "Just bring yourself back." "Okay." Cassian smiles again. His heart isn't pounding quite so hard now that he can breathe . "I'll be – two minutes." * * * "It's been more than two minutes," Kes observes, scooting closer to Shara on the cot. "Should one of us go after him?" "I don't think so." Shara rubs at her eyes tiredly. "We just need to give him space." Kes tucks his face into the curve of Shara's shoulder and kisses, even though it can't be felt through so many layers of clothes. There's a moment of breath, and then – "What if he doesn't come back at all?" "He'll have to come back for his things," Shara points out. Kes nuzzles at the nape of her neck. "Right." "He'll come back, Kes." Shara reaches around to pat his hip. "He wants to be here." Kes is quiet, hiding his face in her hair. "I didn't mean to scare him off," he sighs. "You didn't." Shara rolls over so that she can face Kes for this. Their ankles weave below the blankets with the ease of two halves of a whole joining. "You didn't scare him off, Kes. He scared him off. Having feelings scares him. But he'll be back." Kes kisses the tip of her nose. Her faith puts him to shame, but he can't help but be anxious. Their bed feels empty, even with both of them in it. "I love you," Kes offers. "And I love you," Shara reassures him. "Everything is okay." It's another ten minutes before the door's maglock groans and scrapes open. Cassian toes off his boots at the door and stands awkwardly, shifting on the balls of his feet at the foot of the bed. "I wasn't going to come back," he says, finally. "But that isn't fair. You both came back for me, before. And I wouldn't be here at all if you didn't." Kes sits up, and Shara tugs the blanket closer around her shoulders to keep the draft out. "It's not a debt," Kes says, tightly. "You don't owe us anything, Cassian." "I didn't mean it that way." Cassian takes a few steps closer. The room is small, so when he holds out his hand for Kes, his fingertips brush against Kes' chest. "I meant... that being around you is good for me. When I am afraid." Kes looks up at him like he's been punched, and still, somehow, remains hopeful. He reaches up to touch Cassian's fingers, and twines them together gently. "Come back to bed? Please, Cassian." Cassian runs his thumb over Kes' knuckles. "Okay." He lets Kes draw him closer. Shara scoots over to make room, and Kes follows her, toward the wall, letting Cassian ease down on the open edge of the mattress. "We don't have to – to be so close," Kes says, carefully. "Just tell us, and we'll give you space." "The same to you," Cassian says quickly. "Let me know whenever you want me to leave." "Oh," Shara says, hushed, "Cassian—" Kes doesn't say anything at all for a dizzying moment. "We don't want you to leave," he says, finally, still holding Cassian's fingertips like they're made of flimsi. "Ever." "But sometimes, you'll want to just be together." Cassian looks from Kes to Shara. "I don't want to be in your way, even if it's by being gone, you know? If I'm in the field or on a shift or..." He shakes his head. "That's an entirely different conversation, I think," Shara says, firmly. "We can discuss that as – the three of us, what each of us is comfortable with when the others are gone." "Okay." Cassian plucks at the pad of Kes' thumb like it's an instrument's string. "Do you want to start?" Kes tugs his pillow up behind him, propped against the wall, and leans back, letting Cassian choose whether he'll follow. Shara props up on one elbow. "I don't mind if you two do things while I'm away," she says. "But I'd like to hear about it." "You two should be together without me, when you want," Cassian says. "You're married. You've always been together, no?" Kes bites his lip, and Shara glances between them. "I'm not saying we won't." She hesitates, then, for a moment. "But if we choose to wait for you, sometimes, that's not a bad thing, is it?" "Not for me," Cassian says, and he can't help smiling at that. "But I don't want to be – if you're just trying to repair... or..." "Or what?" Kes asks, quietly. "I don't want to be a bandage for a wound that I might make worse," Cassian admits. "If I'm just here to make things more exciting or because you're having troubles that no one else sees, I can't be that. I'm not the right person for that." Kes drops his fingers like they're burning. His mouth thins to a line, and he looks to Shara. Shara takes a breath. "We... should have been more clear last night. We asked you to join us because we have feelings for you, serious feelings that we both share. This isn't – for fun, or to fix anything." "Do you promise?" Cassian looks her right in the eye. "Yes," Shara says, maintaining the eye contact until he looks away. "I'm sorry that we let you think anything else. That wasn't our intent." "I didn't think it until I went back to the fresher." Cassian raises his eyes to look at Kes. "I didn't mean to upset you." "I just—" Kes moves his hands, a strange little aborted gesture in his lap. "You know I have feelings for you, why would I—" "But why?" Cassian interrupts him. "You have Shara. And Shara is amazing! I don't – I can't—" He shakes his head. "I can't offer you anything." Kes stares at him, and – laughs. "Force! I know Shara's amazing, you don't have to tell me." He quietens, licking his lips. "I've had feelings for you since I met you, Cassian. You're so good at what you do, but you don't get any pleasure out of the ugly parts, the way some men do. You're still kind, under the dirt, you still care. I love Shara, and maybe it would've been easier not to have feelings for you too, but I do." Cassian lets Kes take his hand again, but he looks to Shara. She hasn't spent months beside him in a tent; she's only known him since after Scarif, and he's still figuring out who that is. "Every night I thank the Force I heard that pilot's dispatch," Shara whispers. "Not even for Kes' sake. For mine. I can't imagine not knowing you, Cassian." She smiles, dimpling. "I thought I knew you, just from his stories. But you're so much better in person." Cassian looks down at his hand inside of Kes'. He knows what the stories about him are like. I heard he sleeps with a blaster under his pillow. I heard he shoots his informants in the back. I heard he killed his own parents because they were Palpatine sympathizers. I heard he wasn't even on Scarif; he left that Erso girl to lead the mission alone. "Cassian," Kes says, softly, squeezing his hand. "We want you. That's what – when we said last night that we'd want you to stay in the morning, that's what we meant. We want you to stay . Do you – is that what you want?" He told Jyn, once, that this place was home. These people were home. He wants to believe it again. "Yes," Cassian says. "I'm not going to be good at it. But I want to try." "That's all any of us can do," Shara nods. Kes' thumb rests at Cassian's pulse. He must be able to feel it flying. "So, ah," Cassian clears his throat. "Now what?" Shara bites back a smile. "We revisit that first conversation, about what we're comfortable with." "Right," Cassian says. "I don't know that I'm uncomfortable with anything sexual with either of you. Together, separate, by myself." He smiles when Kes snorts at that. "It's all okay." "That was easy, then," Shara agrees, and stretches slowly. "Now we try to nap before our shifts start." She looks between them. "Unless there's anything else we need to settle?" "Wait," Cassian says, "You answered, and I answered. But Kes did not answer." Shara nods and reaches out to squeeze Kes' elbow. "I'm sorry." Kes shakes his head, but he's blushing, pink at the ears. "I'm..." His lips twitch. "I really like the idea of you two together. A lot. So." He coughs, and he's pink at more than the ears now. "I'm fine with that, yeah. Good." Cassian wants to laugh, can feel it bubbling up from his ribs, this mixture of disbelief and joy, but he tries to keep it tamped down to a smile. Shara kisses Kes' ear. "Thank you, querido." She leans back, flopping against the pillows, and yawns widely. "Can I go back to sleep now?" "I think we all should," Kes agrees. "Cassian?" "I don't think I can," he admits. "My brain is whirring. I might get caf." Kes twines his fingers more tightly through Cassian's, leaning into him and kissing his cheek. "Lie down with us? Just for a few minutes, and then I'll get up and we can go together." Cassian crawls back into the space between Shara and Kes in the small cot. It creaks under their combined weight, and Shara snorts a laugh into the side of her arm. "He's the worst sweet-talker," she informs Cassian. "You have to tell him no sometimes." "Noted." Cassian doesn't mention that it's Shara who wraps around him like a tentacled thing, effectively trapping him from getting up anytime soon. Kes' laughter is warm against his shoulder, but he doesn't push in close as he had earlier in the morning, leaves Cassian room if he wants. "We should get food," Shara sighs. She doesn’t move. "Later?" Kes suggests. He closes his eyes again, the lashes a gentle flutter against Cassian’s shoulder. "Cold. Sleepy." Cassian nods, even though he isn’t tired at all, somehow. He doesn’t know the last time he felt so awake. He reaches across Shara’s sleeping form to the footlocker that stands as a bedside table, and he pulls out the datapad where he keeps loading and unloading Kay-Tu’s backup programming. Shara nuzzles closer under his arm, Kes warmer against his other side, as the pad powers on. Somehow, Cassian thinks, today he won’t feel so alone when he opens up the lines of code. Chapter 7 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 5th Month Cassian's shift should've been over half a standard hour ago. Kes has been watching the clock since then, even as he tries to focus on responding to a comm from his mother. When the door opens, he nearly fumbles the commpad in his attempt to set it down. A very small wampa stomps into the room, shivering. "Pinche frío cagante." Kes frowns. "You haven't even taken a shower yet. What're you doing here?" "My hands are too cold to work a zipper," Cassian mutters. "I need your help." "Cheesy." Kes grins up at him. "I'd get you naked anyway, you know." Cassian's cheeks are already chapped red from the cold, but the way he rolls his eyes betrays the fact he'd be blushing under normal circumstances. Kes tugs him over by the hem of his jacket and begins undoing the zipper and buttons. Snow falls off of the coat's plackets and panels in great chunks that slush on the duracrete floor. "What were you even doing out there?" Kes asks Cassian, looking up. "Making snow angels?" "Checking some of the exterior exhaust vents," Cassian mumbles. His teeth are chattering, Kes realizes, and reaches for his belt. He needs to get out of the wet clothes before he catches his death. "You could have sent me a commlink," Kes chides, gently. "I would have done it for you." "I was on duty," Cassian shrugs. "Already out there." He shivers as Kes fumbles with his fly, shoving his heavy snow pants down and letting him step out of them. "You're practically blue!" Kes pulls the blanket off the cot and wraps it around Cassian's shoulders. "Come on, we're getting you under a hot shower." Cassian shakes his head. "I just want to lie down, can we just – I'll warm up that way. I can shower in the morning." Kes frowns, but he doesn't complain when Cassian shivers and moves in closer, pressing his snow-burned face into the curve of Kes' neck. "I'll fall asleep standing if you make me clean up," Cassian sighs. Kes wraps his arms around Cassian, blanket bundle and all. "Don't want that. It's hardly 1700 hours yet." "It feels like 2200," Cassian says, and leans his weight more heavily into Kes. "Can we go to bed?" It's still odd on his tongue, to ask for it, to remind himself he can . Right now he's cold and damp and everything is sore, and he wants to be held. Kes kisses Cassian's cheekbone, just beneath his eye. "Of course. Do you want me to get you anything first? Caf, tea? Food?" Cassian shakes his head. "Maybe later." "Okay." Kes kicks the commpad under the cot as surreptitiously as he can so that it doesn't get stepped on as he leads Cassian closer to the bed. All three of the cots they'd been furnished are pushed together now into one mattress almost the size of a real bed. Something pops as Cassian sits down – a hip or a knee or the mattress, Kes can't be sure, but Cassian grimaces, which means when later comes Kes needs to remember to include pain meds with whatever Cassian requests. Cassian wriggles up close to Kes as soon as they're horizontal, trying to leach as much warmth as he can from Kes' skin and thick sweaters. Kes is always warm. "Your shirt's wet," Kes realizes, as he tries to wrap an arm around Cassian's ribs. "Sit up, you've got to take that off." Cassian grunts, but he lets Kes drag him upward. It's not just his outer-most shirt that's wet, he's soaked to the skin. Kes huffs and strips the layers down until Cassian is shivering and bare-chested. "Are your leggings wet too?" Kes reaches down to feel at Cassian's thigh to check. "Maybe." Cassian pulls the blanket-cloak tighter. "A bit." "All right, come on." Kes scoots down the mattress and peels the long underwear off Cassian's legs, tossing them and the damp shirts into the hamper at the end of the bed. He strips off his own sweater, undershirt and lounge pants too, before pulling the covers over both of them. "Here." "Body heat?" Cassian asks, trying to slow the overdrive beating of his heart. Even when they've been in bed together , he's never felt so much of Kes' skin all at once. He hasn't felt this much of another person's skin in years. "Is that okay?" Kes is still propped on one elbow, leaning back like Cassian might say no. Cassian nods, holding his breath. Kes scoots in, under the covers, easing up against Cassian slowly. He pulls the blanket up, until it's at their chins, noses, and tucks his arm over Cassian's ribs. "You know," Kes says very carefully, "Part of being in a real relationship is letting people take care of you. Are you sure you're warm enough?" Cassian shudders violently. He can't hide that from Kes, not pressed together from toes to shoulders. "Getting there," he says, which is true enough. Kes is like an engine, thrumming and hot. Cassian shifts, pressing his legs together. "I want to take care of you, is what I'm trying to say," Kes admits, and his cheek gets even hotter as he blushes against Cassian's forehead. Cassian chews his lip. It keeps his teeth from chattering, and – keeps him from saying something without thinking it through. "I know I'm not... good at letting you do that," he admits slowly. "I'm sorry." Kes cups Cassian's jaw. "I know. And I get it. Shara's not either, really. But I like taking care of people. It's what I'm good at. You know? Shara makes fun of me for being her househusband before all this, but I liked doing that stuff." Cassian leans into Kes' hand, closing his eyes. "Is that what you want? When all this is over?" He's been trying to think about it: what a life after the Rebellion could be. In some ways, it seems impossible. If the Rebellion wins, he can think of a thousand things that he would like to do. But if the Rebellion loses? Who could do anything at all? Kes' thumb traces Cassian's jaw, up to his temple. "When Shara and I talked about it, yeah." Cassian closes his eyes. "I don't know how to do anything but this. But I think I would like to learn something... as far from fighting as I can find." Kes kisses his forehead. "Shara would like that. Getting to brag about her two trophy husbands." Cassian smiles and kisses Kes back on the collarbone, where he's nestled. His skin is smooth and hot, untouched here by scars and scrapes. "I don't think I could be happy doing nothing," he says. "I want to – I don't know. Raise an orchard. Something peaceful like that." "You'd be good at that," Kes says. "Making things grow." He tucks his knee between Cassian's, hips angling against his thigh. "Kriff," Cassian laughs. "Does Shara like your jokes?" "Sometimes." Kes grins. "They're my set-up, I'm better at the follow-through." His smile fades slowly, and he reaches for Cassian's hand. "But if that's what you want to try, Shara and I will support you. You know that, yeah?" "Well, I don't know if that's really it," Cassian says. "It was just the first thing that came to mind. Depends on how this all turns out." "Gardening. Pottery. Painting. Cooking." Kes counts them off, punctuated with his thumb tapping the back of Cassian's knuckles. "Teaching. Music?" "I can't sing," Cassian says. "I don't know. I don't like getting my hopes up for nothing." "So, that's one off the list. I've got a hundred more." Kes squeezes his hand. "And isn't it better to have something to hope for?" Cassian is quiet. Rebellions are built on hope . Are whole lives? "I'll let you know," he says. "Someday when I'm sitting in my orchard, I'll tell you." "Our orchard," Kes says, quietly. Cassian lifts his face to meet Kes' eyes. "Sure. Our orchard." Kes hauls him up the mattress so that they aren't so mismatched. "Warming up?" "I can feel my toes," Cassian admits. He shivers again, though, as Kes turns his hand over, dragging his thumb over Cassian's pulse and up his forearm. "Glad to hear it," Kes says softly. "What about your fingers?" Cassian flexes them slowly and splays his hand over Kes' chest. "Yeah." Kes' heartbeat jumps under his palm. "Good." Cassian runs his hand up to Kes' neck, curling his fingers behind his ear. It feels oddly delicate against his fingertips: then again, Cassian can't remember the last time he was close enough to someone to notice all the sensitive bits. "Yeah," Cassian says. It comes out more like a quiet cough. "They're okay. I can feel... fine." Kes looks like he might laugh, and Cassian tugs his face down to taste it on his mouth. Kissing someone while this undressed has been a few and far between luxury in Cassian's life. With the heater crackling warmth in the corner and the blazing heat of Kes' skin bleeding into the soft, clean blankets, Cassian feels decadent. Kes curls his hand around Cassian's hip, pulling him closer. "Good," he says belatedly. He swallows, and Cassian watches his Adam's apple bob, the sleek movement of his throat. "Good," he echoes, and tucks his face into the curve of Kes' shoulder. He can do more than look, now. Kes smells good. He'd forgotten before Kes and Shara that the smell of a person can be comforting and stirring and make him hungry . "Cassian?" Kes' hand has slid up his hip to his waist, the curve under his ribs. Cassian just hums and presses his lips to Kes' neck. "If we – if we end up doing anything," Kes says, clearing his throat. "I haven't done this before, so you'll have to be patient with me?" Cassian looks up and blinks. He smiles at Kes, and it doesn't feel strange at all the way smiling sometimes still does. "Yeah. We don't have to do anything without Shara, you know. Even though she said it was all right, if it's not all right with you—" "It's all right with me," Kes says quickly. "I just wanted to like, lower your expectations." "I've never not been impressed by you." Kes laughs, short and hoarse in the back of his throat. "D'you know how badly I wanted that when I met you? To impress you?" Cassian shakes his head. "Why?" Kes hesitates, his hand stilling on Cassian's chest. "Because I liked you, I guess. I didn't figure it out for a while." "Well," Cassian says after a minute, "you did impress me." Kes' fingers spread over his collarbone, slowly exploring, and he nods, chin bumping Cassian's head gently. "That last night in the tent," Cassian admits. "I knew then that I liked you." Kes laughs again, and Cassian can feel him it reverberate in his chest, everywhere they're pressed together. "Was it my cooking skills?" "No." Cassian touches his cheek. "You were the kindest, most skilled soldier I've ever met." Kes' skin goes hot beneath his touch. "Now you're just flattering me," he says, gruff. "I'm not," Cassian says. "Ask anyone. I've failed every Pathfinder on this base, Melshi—" he cuts himself off. Melshi isn't here. "Anyway. You were the only person who I thought didn't suck." "And I tagged you," Kes says, quietly. "I was half-convinced you'd hate me for that." Cassian grins and tweaks Kes' cheek. "That was the best part." "You taught me well," Kes shrugs. "I was going to tag you to teach you not to trust me," Cassian says. "But you were too smart for that." Kes slides his hand up Cassian's chest and curls his hand around the nape of Cassian's neck. "I'm a quick learner when I've got a good teacher." Cassian can tell that he's not talking about their months of Pathfinder training anymore. "I'm kind of rusty," he says. "It's been a while since I was, let's say, in the field?" Kes is quiet for a moment, his fingertips sifting through the soft short hairs at Cassian's neck. "Like I said, I haven't done this before." "That's okay," Cassian says. "What have... you've done some things, you've touched me before." "No, I mean," Kes clears his throat. "I've never done anything with anyone but Shara, Cassian. Except you, and a lot of that was her." Cassian's entire chest feels soft with affection for Kes. Cassian feels oddly stuffy behind his eyes and in the top of his throat. It had already been hard to believe that Kes and Shara might want to invite someone else into their relationship, into their bed. But now? "I understand," he says softly, even though he doesn't, really. Kes shifts so he can look at him again, eyes glittery-dark and searching. "I think that's why it took me a while to figure out that I had feelings for you," he admits, quietly. "Shara knew before I did." "You were both faster than me." Cassian flops back against the pillows to stare up at the ceiling. He turns his head to keep looking at Kes. "You tend to push people away," Kes says. Not accusingly, but honestly. Cassian's immediate reaction is: and why not? Everyone else I've ever known is dead . Kes bites his lip. "The point is, I'm glad you made an exception for us." Cassian breathes. He starts to laugh. "You didn't make it easy for me to brush you off." Kes rolls over, against his side and then hitching his leg on top of Cassian's, shifting his weight over him and propping up with his hands on either side of Cassian's head. "We love you," he says, seriously. Cassian blinks. And blinks. "I really like you, both of you," he settles on. "Good," Kes says, without hesitation, and kisses him, sucking on his lip. Kes knows what Cassian doesn't: what love is. But Cassian knows what Kes doesn't, and that's how to learn the body of someone new. He wraps his arms around Kes' neck and arches up against him, chest to chest, hips to hips, knees to knees. Their toes touch, and Cassian's aren't even cold, for once. Kes' breath catches against his mouth, but he relaxes quickly, pressing back down against Cassian. He's all solid muscle, and Cassian tugs at his shoulders until Kes settles his weight on him, his cock warm against Cassian's stomach. "You feel different than Shara," Kes mutters against Cassian's mouth, rocking against him. Cassian pulls his lips back, head tipping so that he can laugh full-throated. "Fuerza todopoderosa, you're lucky I like you!" "I'm so lucky," Kes agrees, nuzzling Cassian's throat, sucking at his Adam's apple. Cassian can't stop laughing, because it's all so absurd . He's alive. And he's in bed with Kes, Kes Dameron, and it's okay , and they're almost naked and they're kissing and all Kes can say is that Cassian doesn't have tits and they're both here, alive, and together, and it's insane. "Will you let me try something?" Kes is watching him carefully when Cassian opens his eyes, blinking from near tears with laughter. Cassian cradles Kes' face in both hands. He kisses him square between the eyes, and the end of his nose, and then his lips. "Of course." Kes nods, once, and then again, looking determined. "I want to suck you." Cassian stops laughing. "Okay. Sí. Okay." Kes licks his lips and nods one more time, before scooting backwards on his elbows, down Cassian's body. The covers bunch up and move with him, and Cassian doesn't even care. Kes' arms and shoulders and chest and back all ripple with muscle even with the small movement of easing down the bed. Cassian lets his hands run over them, tracing the way the muscles move, trying to memorize the tender focus of Kes' face. "You're... gorgeous," he murmurs. Kes' eyes flicker hot. "Are you kidding? Look at you. You're..." He looks bewildered. "The prettiest man I've ever seen." "You're ridiculous," Cassian says automatically, but he squeezes Kes' shoulder. He's trying very hard to ignore the way Kes is framed between his thighs, the way his cock is bumping up against Kes' chest. Kes brushes his lips over the thick patch of hair on Cassian's chest. "You're ridiculous. I bet even your cock is pretty." It twitches at the compliment, and Cassian flushes. Kes looks so pleased with himself that it should be illegal. Cassian should say something, but all he can do is stare: at Kes' shiny mouth, at his dimpled smile, at his pinked cheeks and throat and chest, at how dark his nipples are. "You look like the statues of gods back home." His mouth blurts it without his permission. Kes' face goes soft. Cassian so seldom talks about Fest. Leaning down, Kes kisses over his ribs, the vulnerable skin above his belly button. "I think you've got it wrong," he says, softly. "I'm the one worshipping." "Shit." Cassian has to look up at the ceiling. Frost spiderwebs across the stone, making it glitter. "You'll have to talk me through this," Kes murmurs. "Tell me what you like. If I'm doing it wrong." His mouth is warm, dropping kisses down the trail of hair beneath Cassian's belly button. "It's not that difficult." Cassian's hands flex in the sheets. "Just try not to bite me." Kes' breath huffs warm against Cassian's hip, and when he plants a kiss there, it's with teeth. Cassian stares at the ceiling and bites his own lips and tries to keep his hips still. He's still got underwear on, and he might come like a fifteen-year-old. "I've dreamed about this," Kes whispers. "You." "Kriff," Cassian mutters back, because he can't quite bring himself to say me, too . Not yet. "Dreamed about your cock," Kes says, even softer, barely a breath as he buries his face against Cassian's lower stomach. Cassian's ankle cracks quietly as he jitters his leg, trying to keep his hips still. He isn't going to just shove his cock up against Kes' face when it's his first time. Kes shifts lower on the bed, curling up between Cassian's knees, and eases his underwear down slowly. Cassian meets his eyes as he moves first one leg, then the other, to help him get the plain gray commissary-issue briefs over his ankles. Kes smiles up at him, running his hands up the insides of Cassian's thighs, ticklish against the grain of the hair there. "I knew it," he says. "You do have a pretty cock." Cassian shakes his head and snorts. "Vete a la chingada, Fuerza." He sits up just far enough that he can cup Kes' jaw again. "It's, like, not the easiest to get a comfortable angle this way? With me lying down, I mean?" Kes blinks at him. "Okay. How do you want me, then?" Technically, he's still Kes' superior officer. He can't say on your knees . Kes is waiting, though, eyes bright, hands slowly moving over his thighs. Cassian eases over to the edge of the cot. It's cold enough that he grabs the blankets and pulls them over his shoulders like a grand cape. When he glances back at Kes, to motion him over – Kes' face looks like he's been shot. "What?" Cassian asks. "You're – not leaving?" Kes asks, stumbling over the words. "No, no, no, güey." Cassian reaches for him and pulls him into a kiss, Kes' face cradled in both of his hands. "No, just – this... way, it's easier." Kes' shoulders slump and he leans into Cassian like the relief has exhausted him. "I'm not going to just get up and walk out," Cassian murmurs against his cheek. "Especially not naked." "I don't know," Kes breathes, "I just – not a lot of blood in my brain right now." "I'm not going to leave." Cassian can't say yet that he loves them back, he doesn't know how to say that – do that – but he does know how to stay. Kes nods, and kisses him, hungrier than before, like he knows what Cassian means. "Here." Cassian tugs the pillow out of the crevice between the bed and the wall where it had fallen. He offers it to Kes and knows that his cheeks are red when he says, "For your knees." Kes grins, his mouth already dark from kissing. "You're nearly as impatient as Shara." "Well, you offered so nicely," Cassian says, still blushing. "I'm just trying to be... accommodating." Kes kisses him, quick, a little peck, and slides down off the mattress. It's sudden: he has the pillow under his knees and calves and he's opening Cassian's legs with hands on his thighs and Cassian can't breathe. He doesn't know what to do with his hands. "Touch me," Kes says, looking up. "Cassian." Cassian nods and draws his hands up Kes' firm arms to his shoulders. He digs his thumbs into the muscle there and Kes' eyes flutter shut. "That's nice," Kes mutters. "I'm supposed to be being nice to you, y'know." "You are," Cassian says. Before Kes and Shara, no one had been this gentle with him. The intimacy is still new. Kes' gaze doesn't leave Cassian's face as he leans down and kisses the inside of Cassian's bad knee, still not quite strong as it used to be before Scarif. Cassian shivers, and squeezes Kes' shoulder. "Can I?" Kes asks. Cassian nods too fast. "When you're ready." Kes' smile is warm, brushing up his thigh, damp kisses making goosebumps rise on Cassian's skin. He gets to the crease of Cassian's hip and noses down it, his chin bumping Cassian's balls, parted lips grazing his shaft. Cassian's blunt nails drag up the back of Kes' neck and into the hair at his nape. Kes' nipples point. Cassian uses his other hand to fumble behind him for another blanket to drape over Kes' bare back. "I'm fine," Kes says, and his mouth is right up against Cassian's cock, lips feeling him out, learning the shape of him. "Okay." Cassian won't argue, not when agreeing makes Kes' mouth make those shapes against him. Kes eases up on his knees, and kisses the side of Cassian's cock warmly. Cassian scratches his nails against Kes' scalp. "That's nice." Kes hums, and slides his mouth up, runs his tongue against the ridge of the crown. Cassian's breath wavers. He just keeps staring at Kes' face, the way he hasn't closed his eyes. Kes smiles at him, is still smiling as he opens his mouth wider to take the head of Cassian's cock in and purse his lips around it, suck tentatively at him. "I – not so hard," Cassian mutters, and the hand not stroking through Kes' short hair touches the corner of his mouth. Kes' eyebrows scrunch, his forehead wrinkling, and he loosens his mouth, tongue easing against Cassian cautiously, as if to soothe anything he might've hurt. Cassian smiles at him. His nerves are all wriggly and aflame already. It's been so long. "That's better, that's really nice." Kes' face relaxes immediately, and he nods infinitesimally. He eases back, and runs his tongue down the length of Cassian's cock, the gentlest pressure. Cassian's eyes can't stay open, even though he never wants to look away. Kes' cheeks even dimple when he's sucking cock. It's unfair. Even just the sensation is overwhelming enough: the rough of Kes' stubble when he turns his cheek, the slide of his wet lower lip, the flickering heat of his tongue. He's not trying anything fancy, just sucking damp kisses along the shaft, pressing the tip of his tongue against the veins, but Cassian doesn't need fancy. He just needs – "Kes," he moans, digging his fingers into Kes' shoulders and pushing him back a little. Kes kisses his thigh, mouth wet, and nuzzles at his hip. "What? Talk t'me." Cassian shakes his head, and opens his eyes, tries to focus on how silly Kes' hair looks, all fluffed up, instead of how swollen his pink mouth is. "Don't want it to be over," he admits. Kes grins. "Don't be like that. It's flattering. I want to get you off. We can do it again later." That's the most amazing part of all this, of Kes and Shara, of this new life. We can do it again later . They'll be here, he'll be here. They keep saying they'll still want him later. Kes sucks a pink mark into his thigh, nipping slightly with his teeth as he draws back to inspect it. Cassian's cock jumps, brushing his cheek. "I like this," Kes says, his voice rough as he wraps his hand around Cassian's cock. "I thought I would, but not this much." That's almost enough, just the words, just Kes' thoughtful voice, and Cassian shudders, his hips coming up once. "No, no, no, wait." Kes takes a breath and dips forward so that his mouth closes over the drippy head of Cassian's cock again. "You don't want to—" Cassian gasps, but his hands are pulling Kes closer, not pushing him away, and Kes sucks at his cockhead sweetly, not too hard, just – Just enough, and Cassian's eyes water when he comes, jerking and clutching Kes' shoulders to keep his balance. When he looks down again, Kes is rubbing the mess over the shaft of his cock, down into the hair at the base, and there's only a small spurt on his chin. Something in Cassian's stomach clenches. "I don't mind the taste," Kes says, mumbled, as he licks at his own fingers, tongue brushing Cassian's cock. "Okay," Cassian whispers, still seeing stars in the corners of his eyes. Kes gently presses Cassian's cock up against his tummy and kisses the underside once, a gentle brush of lips, before he lets it go and wipes his hands on his own thighs. He stands, slowly, knees cracking in the cold. Cassian reaches out for his hips and tries to wrap as much of his hands as he can around the strong muscle and lean bone and warm skin, pulling Kes closer. Kes steps in between his legs and hugs Cassian's neck, his head, vaguely sticky fingers touching his ears and temples reverently. "Thank you," he says, quiet. Cassian looks up, head tilted back far enough that he can kiss Kes' chin. "Thank you ." He rubs the crease of muscle leading inward from Kes' hipbones. "Do you want one?" Kes' eyes go scrunchy when he laughs. "Fuck, I – yes, but I want. Can I kiss you, is that okay?" Cassian nods and Kes' lips bite at his as Cassian's hand wraps around Kes' cock. He's already slick and smooth – Shara said he was always messy, wet – and Cassian's pulse stirs. Kes moans against his mouth, teeth catching against Cassian's lower lip. "Want you in me sometime," Cassian murmurs against Kes' teeth. "Feel so good." Kes shakes under his touch, his mouth going lax for a moment, and when Cassian opens his eyes Kes is staring at him. "¿Sí?" "Claro, pues." Cassian tugs at Kes' lower lip. "I could ride you while we kiss like this... or you can fill me up while I lick Shara out..." Kes nods, and kisses him again, somehow even more tenderly this time. "Do you ever – like – the other way?" Cassian groans low in the back of his throat. "I can do that, yes." The hand braced on Kes' hip slowly caresses back to curve over Kes' round ass. "You want that?" Kes licks his lips, eyes dark. "Shara uses her fingers, sometimes. You could—" "You have slick?" "Yeah." Kes is shivering under his hands now, minute tremors under the skin, and Cassian is reminded that he's standing naked in the cold. "I think you'd better get it," Cassian says. "Yes, sir." Kes gives him a little salute and steps away, over to the trunk by the wall. Cassian watches the muscles shift in his back, the movement of his thighs as he crouches to dig through a drawer. The small packet he pulls out of the back is only half-full, and Cassian catches a glimpse of something plasticast and bright pink before the trunk closes. Kes and Shara are changing many of the opinions he'd had about married people. "Here," Kes says, settling onto the mattress and immediately curling against Cassian's side, nuzzling at his neck. "You don't have to. I just wasn't sure if you were interested in it, 's why I asked." "I like it all ways," Cassian says. "I don't get to do it this way a lot. I'm kind of a little guy, so." Kes frowns, his hands roaming Cassian's chest, fingers slotting against ribs. "That shouldn't matter." "Then it won't, with you." Cassian pecks Kes' mouth. Kes' smile makes their teeth click for a second, but he recovers quickly, soothes it with his tongue. Cassian could kiss him forever like this, leftover salt and bitter shared between their mouths. "Shara wants to see, sometime." "Any time she wants," Cassian says. "She can even help." "She'd like that," Kes says, and Cassian hopes that someday Kes will talk about him that way, that sure, that easy. That they'll know each other that well. He pulls Kes closer, down onto the thin mattress. Kes twists so that he's lying below Cassian, staring up at him with huge eyes. "I do want that," Kes says, after a moment. "You asked if I wanted it, and I got – distracted, thinking about it. But yes." He clears his throat. "Not just fingers." Cassian shivers. He nuzzles Kes' temple gently. "Okay. Not today." "I wouldn't last," Kes says, honestly, tipping his face up to kiss Cassian's chin, the side of his jaw. "That's okay, too." Cassian uncaps the lube and generously coats his fingers. It does feel very like the plant gel from their tent on Yavin 4. Kes chews at his lip, watching Cassian's face, his hands working. He's utterly shameless as he opens his thighs for Cassian to fit between, but his eyes are... young, Cassian thinks, as Kes keeps watching his face. "I like it," he reminds Cassian, shifting his hips and easing his knee over Cassian's bicep. Cassian wants to ask a hundred questions about the things that Kes and Shara do, have done, want to do. But those are for later, since there is a later. Kes reaches down and curls his fingers around his cock: impatient but not pushing, Cassian realizes. Cassian's hand is slick, and he isn't sure where to put it just yet, rests it palm up on Kes' thick thigh and leans in to nudge Kes' fingers away with his nose and mouth. Kes' breath shakes. "Oh – oh, okay." His palm hovers over the crown of Cassian's head, but doesn't touch. "Do you – hair? Can I?" "Yeah," Cassian says. He doesn't actually like it, much, from past experience: like he told Kes, he's a little guy, and that means certain things when you're hooking up with someone in a spaceport or alley behind a cantina. Still, Kes asked , and asked like it's a privilege, which is enough for Cassian. His fingers are gentle as they brush Cassian's hair back from his forehead and stay there, fingertips curling behind Cassian's ear so that he can rub gentle circles at the sharpest point of his jaw. Cassian wraps his clean hand around the base of Kes' cock – it's too tempting not to measure it with his fingers, pump it lightly to feel Kes' pulse at the vein along the underside. After a minute he holds it steady, licks around the head and eases his mouth down. Kes' hand stays gentle in Cassian's hair, even as his other hand twists the sheets by his hip. Cassian pulls back to use his fingers to spread the spit and precome down the length of Kes' cock, and then tries again, pressing through the ache in his jaw as he takes more. Kes whines, and it's familiar enough that it makes Cassian's heart twinge with fondness. He eases Kes' leg open around his shoulder and gets his arm tucked under himself, so he can reach Kes' balls, rub his thumb against the tight skin behind them. "This is like a dream," Cassian says, helplessly. "For you, too?" Kes doesn't laugh at him or tug his hair or squirm away. Cassian has to press his face into Kes' thigh for a moment, and breathe. He doesn't quite know what to do with all of the feelings in his chest. It's hard to catch his breath, even though there's plenty of air and space and Kes is being so sweet to give him time and room. Kes' hand cradles the back of his neck like he's something precious. "Hey, hey." Cassian looks up, drags his cheek against the soft interior of Kes' thigh. "Sorry." He moves closer and wets two of his fingers against his tongue to make the lube less tacky. Kes squirms at Cassian's stubble, but his fingertips pet the shell of Cassian's ear like he's still trying to comfort him. "I'm fine," Cassian says. And he is. He kisses the crease of Kes' thigh. "You sure?" Kes asks, quietly. "Very," Cassian says. "You?" "Please." Kes cups Cassian's cheek in his palm. He doesn't move his hand as Cassian ducks his head and sucks at the crown of Kes' cock. Kes squirms against the mattress when Cassian's fingers draw up beneath his balls, but he doesn't shrink away. If anything, he moves closer. His fingers tighten, only for an instant, on Cassian's jaw. He can feel Kes try to relax all of his muscles when Cassian's fingertips brush into the crease of his ass. "I'm fine," Kes breathes, inching his legs open wider. "Don't stop." Cassian doesn't intend to unless Kes asks him; Kes is an adult and he asked for this, seems to know that he likes it, even. Kes' hand eases away, curling in the sheets instead, fingers twitching like he can't keep still. Cassian pulls his mouth back enough that Kes really only has to focus on one sensation at a time as he gently circles one fingertip against the tight furl of Kes' muscle. Angling his hips up, Kes presses back against Cassian's finger. His eyes are closed, wrinkles between his eyebrows, but it's more concentration than discomfort. Cassian kisses low on Kes' belly. "¿Estás bien?" "Yeah, yeah," Kes nods, but his cock hasn't faltered, is still full and bobbing against Cassian's cheek when he turns his head. Cassian slurps a wet kiss over the heavy vein in response, and slowly he presses the tip of a single finger inside of Kes. Kes eases his hips down, exhaling deeply. His hand flexes in the sheets, one leg twitching as he lifts it, heel punching into the mattress. He does relax, though, and his body doesn't fight Cassian as his finger disappears inside. If anything it's easy, as tight as he is. His leg goes still beside Cassian's shoulder, stomach relaxing as he breathes through it. Cassian kisses Kes' belly again and murmurs something sweet and indistinct before he starts to pump his other hand over Kes' cock again. "You can do another one," Kes says, leaning up to look at him. "Just wait," Cassian murmurs, and he lets his lips draw shapes on Kes' cockhead with the words. "Impatient." "Sorry." Kes pets Cassian's shoulder with the back of his knuckles. "I'm just saying, it isn't a race." Cassian circles his fingertip in the snug space. "Let me make it good for you." "Feels a bit like a race," Kes admits, flopping back against the pillow. "Yeah, well, I don't think anyone could come faster than I did." Cassian arches an eyebrow just to make Kes laugh. It works, Kes' body bearing down on his finger. "Ask Shara about when I was – when we first started," Kes says, rubbing the back of his hand over his eyes. Cassian smiles against the join of Kes' pelvis. "I absolutely will. Another time." "You're both just. Too good." Kes is grinding slightly against Cassian's hand now, down on his finger and up into his grip on his cock. Cassian licks his lip and lets just enough wet to slick the way drip onto Kes' cock. "You haven't even let me do anything yet." Kes laughs again, softer this time. "Not for lack of trying," he mumbles. Cassian doesn't deign answer beyond hollowing his cheeks and letting his mouth get wet and sloppy even as he keeps his fingers careful. Kes shudders, his tummy going tight, and Cassian nearly jumps when Kes' toes nudge at his ribs under the covers. It's just one more point of contact, though, and Kes seems like he needs each one. Cassian flattens his mostly-dry hand over Kes' ribs and smooths his palm up until he can feel Kes' faint hair and the point of his nipple. Kes' hand closes over his, holding his fingers right over his heart. Cassian tucks a second finger into him and holds still as Kes breathes through the new size of hands bigger than Shara's working him this way. "It's good," he says, after a minute, relaxing incrementally again. "Can you...?" Cassian nods, still sucking and swirling his tongue. He tries to match the rhythm of his mouth to the gentle curl of his knuckles. "Fuck," Kes says, hips working again between Cassian's mouth and fingers, a disjointed rhythm that makes his legs shake around Cassian's shoulders. "Please—" Kes is gripping his hand so hard that Cassian's sure his knuckles have gone white. "Okay?" Cassian barely lifts his head, but he does look up to find Kes' face with his eyes. Kes nods, a little frantically. "Close." Cassian gently works his fingertips in circles and his tongue in pulses and then – "Okay," Kes says, sounding absurdly normal, tapping his fingers at the back of Cassian's hand. "Okay, I'm—" It's the cutest warning Cassian's ever been given, and he's too busy being endeared to react. Kes comes across his tongue, and Cassian eases back to swallow quickly and kiss his hip. He sits back on his heels, fingers still inside of Kes and soothing circles, slower and slower. Up at the pillow, Kes looks like he was caught in a wind tunnel. He licks his lips and blinks at Cassian, smiles sheepishly. "Thanks?" Cassian grins and feels winded himself. "I should be thanking you." Kes looks confused. "You're the one who did all the work." He gestures sleepily with one hand. "C'mere, please, I want to kiss you again." Cassian stretches out right atop Kes, their stomachs and chests pressed together. Kes wraps both arms around him and sighs. "I missed you while you were down there," he mutters, kissing Cassian's slick chin. Cassian wipes off his face on his forearm and settles back down to kiss Kes properly. "You're ridiculous. How does Shara deal with someone so cheesy?" "I'm better at going down on her?" Kes grins lopsidedly. "Got more practice." Cassian rolls his eyes, but kisses Kes again. "You're being self-deprecating, but you don't have to be." He nuzzles Kes' cheek. "You impressed me again." Kes turns so that their lips slot together, and licks into Cassian's mouth for a deeper kiss. "I'm being honest," he says, when they draw back to breathe. "I want to do that again. Until I'm good at it." "You already are pretty good at it," Cassian manages to say between the soft pulls of kisses. "But I won't complain as long as you're practicing on me." "Only you," Kes says, very seriously, and rolls them onto their sides. Cassian has never been with anyone that he could call his own. Now he has two. Kes leans their foreheads together, noses bumping. "I'm glad," he whispers. "Why?" Cassian tries to watch him, his eyes crossing slightly at the proximity. "You said yes. To us." Cassian considers this, relaxing as Kes' strong hands knead at his back in gentle waves. He's taller than Kes, but feels smaller than him like this, tucked atop him. "I told Jyn that I would try to be happy," he says, finally. "I feel in some ways like I did die on Scarif and this is a whole new life. So I'm... trying to live differently." "I want to make you happy," Kes says, quietly. "I hope we do." Cassian just rests his face in the curve of Kes' neck and hums. If this is what happy feels like, then it's working. * * * "Captain," calls one of the slicers. "Captain Andor? We are receiving an encrypted transmission from someone claiming to be Sergeant Jyn Erso." "Put them through," Cassian says, grabbing a headset off the desk and coming over to look at the read-out. He should run a back-check on the signal first, but. "Sir, I cannot authenticate—" "Put her through," Cassian barks, and then through a cloud of static comes a voice. "Cassian? Hello?" "It's her," he tells the being hovering with their fingers over the switch, more vindictively than perhaps is necessary. "Jyn, it's Cassian." "Cassian, I found the Partisan survivors, they're calling themselves Cavern Angels now. They—" "Wait, wait," Cassian says, and he waves a hand even though she can't see. "I need to close the line. Jyn, what were Kay-Tu's last words?" He could ask her for a callsign, but the only one she ever had was Rogue One. The Empire would know that. But what Kay-Tu said to them as it died? Only Jyn and Cassian survived to repeat those words. The line is all white noise for a moment. "Climb," Jyn says, very softly. "Cassian—" "Close the line," Cassian says to the slicer, his voice caught. "I'm authenticating her identity. Close the line and give me privacy." The slicer doesn't question him this time, just flips a series of switches. The light that means the system is recording blinks once and goes dark. Cassian slides into their seat when they wander away and mutter something about a caf break. "Are you there?" Jyn asks. "Cassian?" "I'm here. I can't believe you're – it's good to hear your voice," Cassian says softly. "You found them? Saw's rebels?" "Some of them," Jyn says, "But I have a lead, Cassian, on – Fulcrum. There are rumors. There's a freedom fighter, not one of Saw's, someone who worked with Bail Organa, and people say that she still has contact with Fulcrum." Cassian knows that Ahsoka Tano is dead. Everyone knows that Ahsoka Tano is dead. "If anyone can find the original Fulcrum, it's you, Jyn," he says. She raised him from the dead, maybe she can do the same for the mother of the rebellion. Jyn laughs. "I can see the look on your face. You think it's silly to keep looking." "I think... that it's what you have to do." Cassian plays with one of the toggles on the slicer's console. It sticks under his thumb. "I can understand that." "Then I won't tell you what people say about this lead." Cassian can hear Jyn's sharp smile through the transmission. "You'll really think it's silly then." "No, no, no," Cassian clucks. "I have a datapad ready. We need to know at least the position of the Partisans, Jyn." "Cavern Angels," Jyn corrects, lightly. "The coordinates are 050,171,980. There are maybe fifty of them there at a given time, but they cycle through. Their leader says they've had three hundred come through since the solstice. She might give you names, if someone speaks to her in person." "Are they hostile?" "Well, to you they would be," Jyn says. "The Two-Tubes remember how you shot down one of Saw's men." "Mon doesn't send me on field assignments yet anyway," Cassian admits. "So – someone else. Personable. And the contact for Fulcrum?" It can't do any harm to hear what gossip someone's sold her. "Oh," Jyn laughs again. "They say this woman's her lover." That isn't what Cassian expected. "Huh. I didn't think Jedi took lovers." "She isn't a Jedi," Jyn says. "Anyway, are you telling me Skywalker hasn't gotten cozy with that pilot yet?" "He isn't Jedi either," Cassian shoots back. "He tried to explain the difference, something about his... father. I don't know. I don't see him much." "Oh?" Jyn's voice lifts with curiosity. "Why, are you busy seeing someone else?" "I've been trying to honor your request." Cassian turns as much as he can in his seat so that the other slicers can't hear him. Jyn hums, a warm sound even through the white noise. "Was I right?" "You were not wrong." Cassian hopes that she can't hear him smiling. It's still strange to smile so often. "You can say I'm right," Jyn says, and Cassian imagines her rolling her eyes. The way her face brightens with smugness. "It's still new," Cassian says. "I don't know yet that I'm any good at being happy. But I'm trying." He pauses. "What about you? Are you safe?" "I'm safe. I'm with – there's a woman, we were both looking for Saw's people. She's coming with me to look for Fulcrum. Arhat Rook." Cassian's fingers still over the datapad. "Rook – our intelligence confirmed her dead, on Jedha—" "They confirmed wrong, then. She was off-world, but when she heard what happened and that Saw had her brother, she went looking for Saw's other hideouts." "You can say his name," Cassian says quietly. "It's okay." "I can't," Jyn says back, her voice rough. "I can't say his name." There's silence through the static. "Not yet." "She knows?" "She knows," Jyn confirms. "What, you think I wouldn't tell her?" Cassian isn't sure, honestly. "Tell her the new X-wing squadron is called Rogue," he says. "The leader is a Jedi, he took the final shot that destroyed the Death Star. All of the Alliance pilots now, they're Rogue." "I'll tell her." They're both quiet for a while. The slicer is back, watching Cassian from across the room. He should finish the conversation. He has all he needs for a report to Mon. "I'm glad you're not alone," he says. "I'm glad you're trying to be happy," Jyn says. "I meant to send you a comm weeks ago, but I thought... I thought maybe if I did, you wouldn't try." Cassian bites his lip. "I promised you, didn't I?" "I didn't want to be the thing that kept you waiting around," Jyn says. "Even if we find Fulcrum, I don't know that I want to live on your base. The Council... all the red tape. I can see why Saw broke ties." Cassian traces the edge of the commlink with his thumb. "But you'll come back? Every now and then? Or I can come see you, we can – meet, somewhere." "When it's safe," Jyn agrees. "I'll have enough saved soon for my own commlink, and I'll send you the contact trace when I do." "I can send you credits," Cassian says, before he thinks, before he realizes that – Jyn laughs, as he should've known she would. "I don't want, or need, your credits, Captain Andor," she says. "I have a very respectable job, I will have you know. During the days, at least." "All right," Cassian says. "But if you ever need... anything. Let me know." Jyn is quiet for long enough that Cassian shakes the headset, wondering whether the connection shut off. "I will," Jyn says finally. "But I can take care of myself." Cassian closes his eyes. "I never doubted that." "If you're ever passing through the Corellian Trade Spine, there's a cantina on Mataou where you can get a free drink." Jyn pauses before adding in a soft, gentle voice, "Arhat wants to meet you. To thank you." "Thank me?" Cassian covers his mouth with one hand as the slicer whose chair he stole drifts closer. "All I did was bring her brother into the war that killed him." "You trusted him," Jyn says. "Like you trusted me. It's more than Saw did. She – she gets to be proud, of what he did. That's partly because of you." It's Cassian who is quiet now as he considers Jyn's words. He'd never thought much, until Jyn, about trying to do someone else proud. That anyone could really find someone else so much a guiding light that they would act just for them. But he meant it when he told Jyn that Galen would have been proud of her for what she did, the way she'd sacrificed herself to the Rebellion, the way she was ready to die to save others. Bodhi wasn't trying to act for someone else even if he were acting as Galen's messenger. He said that he wanted to get right with himself, and Galen told him how. That, Cassian can understand. Cassian can understand acting so that you can look in the mirror the next day. Acting so that someone else can look you in the eye and still love you... that's new. He wonders whether his parents would be proud of him, if they still existed. "Cassian?" Jyn's voice sounds tinny, and the white noise is getting worse. "I'm here," he says. "You should go, though, I'll – I'll let you know, about that free drink." "All right," Jyn says. "Captain, take my report to Mon herself if you can. I don't trust the Council to listen." The connection wavers and then Jyn says, "I'll send you a holocall when I buy a comm and get a jammer for the signal. I – miss you, bye." The line dies. "I miss you," Cassian says, anyway, into the white noise. He hopes she knows that, wherever she is. Chapter 8 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 6th Month Cassian stays in the command center long enough to deliver the report in triplicate to Mon Mothma, the archival droids, and his own files. The second shift filters out around him, light dimming, and the third-shift officers wander in with cups of caf or chewing sticks of pepgum as they finish their conversations from dinner. Cassian's rumbling stomach demands attention. He should go to the mess. It still feels strange – especially without Kes or Shara accompanying him. They'd left the week before: Kes on a training exercise on the other side of Hoth, Shara flying a message for Mon and Leia that even Cassian didn't know the contents of. He never used to eat in the mess on Yavin. He stopped as soon as he was old enough that no one would mind his absence. He'd had Kay-Tu to talk to, or not, and there was seldom anything to say to any of the other Pathfinders. Now that they're gone, Cassian misses their presence, sometimes. Just the familiarity of their faces across the command center or the tarmac. And he doesn't have Kay-Tu anymore. And for some reason, Kes and Shara seem to like sitting in the din of the mess hall. So Cassian is trying. It's not as empty as it was when he arrived on Hoth, either. Recruitment has been up, since word got out about the princess and the Jedi. It's loud, even half-full after most people have finished eating, and Cassian gets his plate and finds an empty table as quickly as he can. The destructions of Alderaan and Jedha have galvanized disparate sectors of the galaxy, the Core sending its best and brightest to avenge its jewel while the Outer Rim and the faithful flock to protect the other holy cities and worship Luke Skywalker. "There you are," comes a voice from behind him, and Shara slumps onto the bench next to him. "I looked in our room and was afraid Mon had sent you on some mission." "You're back!" Cassian says, and half-stands to kiss her cheek. "Kes is still gone. But no, I'm still here. No fieldwork for me. Yet." "Good." Shara tugs him back down, tucking her arm through his and leaning close. "I'm tired of sleeping alone." A slight shiver runs through Cassian's chest. He hasn't shared the room alone with Shara before, not the same way he has with Kes. "Only if you're comfortable with that," Shara adds, picking up her mug and glancing at him over the rim. "No, yes, of course," Cassian says. "I... have been looking forward to it." Shara raises her eyebrows, and knocks his elbow with hers. "Yeah?" She sounds pleased. "Me, too." "It was awful without either of you here," Cassian admits. He'd tried not to let himself really think about it. Shara's brow gathers and she touches his shoulder with her whole hand. "Do you want me to ask about light duty for a while? Just until Kes is done training Havva?" Cassian shakes his head. "No, that's – silly. I kept busy." Shara gently squeezes his arm. "Good." She leans over and kisses the same spot through all of his sweaters, then turns to her plate. It's easier to eat with her warmth at his side. It's equally easy crawling into their pushed-together cots beside her, clicking the light out and feeling her move closer under the covers. Cassian wraps his arm around her waist when she scoots right up close to him, her back pressed against his front. She's shivering hard enough that Cassian props up on an elbow to look down at her face. "Are you that cold?" "No, it's – stims, I had to get home, and—" Cassian brushes his lips against her temple. "Do you need anything? Should I get a med-droid?" "No, I just – gotta – sleep." Her teeth are chattering, and Cassian feels silly for not realizing it before, her knee had been bouncing all through dinner, and she'd walked quicker than usual back to their rooms. There are the telltale dark circles under her eyes, too. Cassian curls his arm tighter around her, curls his entire body around hers. "Shh," he murmurs. "Come on, close your eyes. I've got you." She shakes until she passes out, and Cassian holds her longer, until his arm falls asleep and he has to peel away to stretch. Shara makes a small, sad noise in her sleep, her back arching to follow his warmth. Cassian flexes his fingers, willing the feeling back into them, and smooths hair out of her face. He doesn't have a shift tomorrow, and she hadn't mentioned one, which means there's no need to set an alarm. He settles his arm over her ribs, and presses his face into her hair where it's spread across the pillow, and breathes. Shara makes another sound low in her throat and twists closer to him until her breath is hot on his face and her chest rises and falls gently against his arm. Her leg hitches up over his thigh and Cassian exhales low and shaky at how much heat is coming off of her between her legs, even though a pair of thick pajama bottoms. But she doesn't wake up and her shivers have stopped. She doesn't make any more noise. Seems to be comfortable even though she's twisted around like she's got a droid body. Once Cassian is sure that she's okay, the dark warmth of the room lulls him to sleep more easily than it had the whole time he'd been alone. Somehow he's grown used to the sound of breathing beside him in the night. He doesn't dream of the beach. He's somewhere else, indistinct, but he knows with the certainty of dreaming that it isn't Scarif. The terror that sits rancid in his stomach with that memory is absent. A hand finds Cassian's in the gray dark, and he knows instinctively that it belongs to Bodhi, who only ever touched him with a shove when Cassian thought he could kill Galen Erso and live with himself. His hands, in life, never stopped moving. But they're calm now, still. Cassian turns, as afraid as he is to see that sharp face, those dark eyes. Bodhi's mouth doesn't move, but Cassian still hears him say: I was brave enough. I got right with myself. I did enough. No one else says a word, and Cassian doesn't move. He sleeps until sunlight flaring off the snow outside makes the room bright. Shara's moved away in her sleep, apparently warm enough, and is curled in a small ball under the covers. Cassian is careful, sliding free of the blankets, tucking them around her as he gets out of bed, grabs for his trousers. He's gone for maybe ten minutes, getting two cups of caf and a plate of the little hotcakes Shara likes more than hot cereal in the morning. The bed is empty when he gets back, blankets tangled, but there's a note on the bedside table. Showering, I'll be right back. She's drawn a heart in the corner of the memo pad. Cassian smiles to himself. No one's ever drawn him a heart before. He's drawing the covers down to set out their meal on the bed when he realizes why Shara must've left in such a hurry. His first thought is that she's hurt somehow, like she took too many stims maybe, but— He's been living around menstruating people his whole life, and he's not stupid. It's not even that much blood. Cassian sets the food and caf down on the side table and starts untucking the sheets, stripping the bed. Shara won't even have to worry about it when she gets back, this way; he can pick up a clean set in the laundry. He balls up the sheets and drops them down the laundry chute, then ducks down the hall as quickly as he can to get new bedding since he didn't bother with boots and his feet might freeze. The aide running inventory of the supply room doesn't even spare him a second glance as he picks up a new set. He slides part of the way down the icy corridor in his sock-feet. The bed is remade, caf and hotcakes waiting for Shara on her usual side, when the door opens again. Shara comes in and she looks – tired, mostly, and a little sheepish when she sees him. Her hair is wet, although she's toweled it dry and has her hood up to keep warm in the hallway. "Hey." "Hi." Cassian nods towards her plate and mug. "I got you food. I think it's probably a little cold, but I can go back if you want." Shara looks at the bed, and her cheeks go slightly pink. "No, that's fine. I was going to – you didn't have to—" "I know that, but I wanted to do it." He swipes his datapad off and looks up at her. "Do you want something else? Pain pills or tea?" "I took something when I got up," she says, slipping out of her boots and crawling over his legs to her side of the bed. "Thank you." Cassian catches her before she's on his other side and kisses her lightly. "Any time. Truly." Shara stops, straddling his thigh, and winds her arms around his neck, kisses him again when he's moved back. "I'll take you up on that, I'm sure." Cassian smiles and tucks his hand beneath the hem of her sweater to rest against her lower back. He rubs his knuckles in a small circle against the smooth skin there. "Massage? Anything?" "Food," Shara decides, glancing at the plate that's tipping dangerously as they make the mattress sag. "And then cuddling and a nap, maybe? I don't have anywhere to be." Cassian nods and keeps his hands on her skin under her sweaters even as she pulls the plate over and rests it on her knee to eat the hotcakes with her fingers. She's still half in his lap, listing against his chest, and Cassian hasn't held anyone like this in… he's honestly not sure if he ever has. Shara licks her finger and looks up at him. "What?" Cassian shakes his head. "Nada, dulzura. Have some caf?" Shara takes the mug and sips, her eyes closed. She smiles. "You got it exactly right." Cassian shrugs. He'd been afraid he'd put too much sugar in. He curls his hand around her hip under her sweater, and Shara sighs happily, scoots further back in his lap. "I'm glad you're okay being here with me," she says, shyly. "Without Kes, I mean." Cassian is quiet for a moment, trying to find the right words. "I like you too," he says finally, which sounds childish, and silly. Shara just looks pleased, setting her mug down on the bedside table and touching his shoulder, neck with warm fingers. "I know, but you've spent more time with him. So have I. I'm glad that you don't just want to be like... two parts of a hinge. You know?" She walks her fingertips up his neck to his ear and brushes some hair away from his face. "I want to be with you, too." Cassian chews the inside of his cheek, watching her face. He's half hard in his trousers, and if she shifts any closer she'll feel it. "I wouldn't agree to this if I didn't want to be with you, too," Cassian says. "I'm new to the idea of real relationships, but even I know they don't work if they're a competition." "Some people make it work without it being a competition," Shara points out. "Even if they only have feelings for one of the people involved." She's quiet, petting the hair behind his ear. "I'm glad we're not like that, though." Cassian turns his head enough to kiss her wrist. "Me, too." Shara watches his mouth on her skin and when Cassian glances up at her she slowly lifts her eyes to meets his gaze. Her hand is still in his hair, and she tugs gently at where it's getting long behind his ear. She smiles ruefully. "Just my luck that this is the first week we're alone together." Cassian opens his mouth against her pulse, drags his teeth against the delicate bones of her wrist. Her heart is racing, and he can feel it against his lips. "You don't like it, during—?" Shara blinks. "I assumed you wouldn't want to." Cassian laughs, honest and open, and pulls her flush against him. "I don't give a shit," he says, still laughing a little against her mouth. "Really!" Shara sounds tickled, her eyes lighting up. "That surprises me, Captain Andor. You seem very..." "What, like I mind blood?" "Well," Shara shrugs. "No, I guess not. But..." she waves her hand, "Like you might be a little... tidy." Cassian kisses her again, because she's in his lap, laughing with him, and it still feels like a miracle. "I mean, I would put a towel down for us," he says, a little surprised at how rough his voice has dropped already. Shara grins, shifting her hips down against his carefully, like he still might push her away. As if anyone could push Shara away, warm and smiling against their mouth. "I... okay," Shara says. "Um – all right. Do you – I can get you off another way, you know, if you'd rather—" "Stop," Cassian says and catches her fingers to kiss the tips. "I'm not afraid, or whatever you think I am." "I don't think you're afraid," Shara says, seriously. "I just know it's not for everyone." Cassian sucks at the tip of her pointer finger. "Does Kes—?" Shara presses her finger into his mouth, and down on his tongue. "Yes, but I didn't want to assume." Cassian sucks lightly on her fingertip. "Thank you for that. But I promise, I don't mind." He kisses her next finger. "I only mind if it makes you feel worse and not better. I want you to feel good." Shara presses down in his lap again, more confidently this time. "No, I – it helps, if I can get off, the cramps aren't as bad after, and..." She's looking past him now, cheeks pink. "I've been wet since I woke up this morning, honestly." Cassian's eyes dart down the length of Shara's body and back up to her face. He catches her lips with his, this time, instead of her fingers. She still tastes like too-sweet caf when he slips his tongue into her mouth. Her hand curls in his hair, nails blunt against his scalp. She's less careful than Kes is, kissing him, bites his lips with a little more sting when he pulls away before she's done. He nuzzles in to peck small kisses against her closed lips, open his eyes when their noses are still brushing. "So a towel... a condom?" She doesn't use them with Kes very often that he's seen – or overheard – but he isn't Kes. Shara is gazing back at him, eyes soft and bright. "I've only been with Kes, neither of us have anything, if you – if you want. If you're more comfortable using one, that's fine too," she adds quickly, lips bumping his. Cassian shakes his head. "I think it's your choice, not mine. I'm happy to find one or happy to go without. Of course." "I'd rather not wait," Shara whispers. She's squirming slightly, constant motion in his lap even if it's the tiniest movements. "Okay," Cassian says, just as softly, and kisses her cheek. "Just the towel, then. I'll be right back." Shara nods, and eases backwards, out of his lap, moving the plate. "Hurry?" Cassian slides down the icy corridor in his socks again, bouncing off a new Pathfinder as he hits the fresher door. "Sorry," he manages, ducking around him to get into the room. He takes a towel from the autosteamer because extra warmth could only be lovely, and he hangs it around his neck to slide back to the bunk just... because. He can't stop grinning. Shara's pulled the covers up in bed, when he gets back, but as soon as the door closes behind him she props up on one elbow, the blanket pooling at her waist and—"I was going to wait, but." She shrugs, and her chest bounces with the motion. Cassian slowly pulls the towel away from his shoulders and offers it to her. "Are you – how unclothed are we getting?" He shrugs. "It's still Hoth." "I'm leaving this on," Shara says, but that's just her undershirt, thin enough that Cassian can see her nipples. "I already took off my pants, I hope that's not too forward." She grins, and takes the towel from him, executing a shuffle under the blanket and looking pleased with herself. Cassian shakes his head even as he starts to strip out of his outer sweaters. Shara's hand disappears below the covers again, and she watches him with her lip between her teeth. Cassian only leaves his undershirt, too, and meets her eyes as he starts to undo his pants. "I'm so glad you don't mind," Shara laughs, bright and real. "Force." Cassian can smell her in the heat of the room, already becoming familiar in a way that makes his pulse beat faster. "I like it," he admits quietly. His voice rumbles at its lowest pitch. "Lucky me," Shara grins. "Come to bed? Please." Cassian nods and kicks his pants off his ankle. He's still wearing his underwear, but he wants to be closer to Shara. She holds the blankets open for him, closing the edges around them like a tent, and pressing up against him, her thigh between his, her breasts against his chest. It's already hot under the blankets. Cassian brushes Shara's hair away from her face. "Hi." "Hi," she breathes. Her hands are sliding up under his shirt, spanning his chest, her fingertips brushing across his nipples. Cassian keeps himself propped up on his elbows above her so that she has the room to touch and feel however she wants even as he dips his face to kiss her again. Her hands find his hips, and Cassian whines when she pulls him down, rubs up against his thigh. "Sorry," she murmurs, and it takes him a second to realize it's because she's so wet that his thigh has a trail of slick running up it now. When he touches it, his fingertips come away dark red. "It's okay. I told you, I like it." He presses his thigh up against her to let her ride. Shara kisses him, then, so hard he can't breathe for a moment, her hands still curled tight around his hips. "What do you like?" She's kissing his throat now, and Cassian is panting, trying to catch his breath again. Her fingers are tucking inside his underwear, though, and it might be a lost cause. "I'm not picky," he manages. "Whatever you feel like, we can—" Shara's hand wraps around his cock and pumps once, slowly, like she's measuring and exploring for herself more than touching for him. "I want you," she says, looking up at him, eyes serious. Her mouth is very red, and Cassian stares. "Want you in me, and soon, please." Cassian nods. "Nothing else? I can—" he moves to brush his fingers where she's wettest against his leg. "Or my mouth?" Shara ducks her head into the curve of his neck and kisses him there, her hands sliding around his waist, to the small of his back. "Later. I'd rather have your cock right now." Cassian lets her push his underwear down his hips, but he has to push back onto his knees to get untangled. Shara turns over beside him, lying on her side. "Like this?" "Can I still touch your chest or – if it's sore or something I don't have to." Shara nods. "No, it feels good right now." She cups her own breast, checking, and nods again. "I want – I want you to hold me." Cassian smiles at the sweetness in her voice and curls around her right away. The blanket flutters over them again, heads to feet. "You feel better this way, too," Shara grins, twisting to kiss him, her hand sliding up his thigh to grab his ass and pull him in flush against her back. "Does Kes?" Cassian nips her ear. "You'll have to decide for yourself." "Fuerza," Cassian breathes, and wraps his arm around her waist. Shara finds his hand and guides it up to her breast. "Do you need anything?" Shara asks. "I don't want to rush you or... pressure you, or anything. You're good?" Cassian rests his forehead against her shoulder and nods. "I'm good, cielo." He rolls his hips against her ass, just in case she hadn't been able to tell. "Fuck." Shara shifts in their dark, warm blanket hideaway so that her thighs are open enough to reach between them and find Cassian's cock with her hand. Cassian shivers at the feel of her fingers, brushing over the head and then guiding him firmly into place. She's so hot that it's shocking, has Cassian catching his breath against her neck as she rubs the head over her cunt. He holds her close with both arms as he pushes inside her, his face buried in her hair. "Oh," Shara whispers. "I didn't think you'd actually feel different from Kes, but you do." Cassian laughs, he thinks, although it sounds more like a moan muffled in her hair. "How?" "I... it's hard to explain." Shara rocks him in deeper. "I can just tell that you're you." Cassian takes a deep breath, and everything smells like Shara – her hair, her skin, her slick. He rocks his hips carefully, waiting for her reaction. She flutters around him as she makes a high, reedy noise. "Tell me," Cassian says, and has to clear his throat before he can go on, "if I – what you like." "Start gentle," Shara says. "Not always. But today." Cassian nods, kissing her shoulder, the muscle where it curves up to meet her throat, behind her ear. She moans at that, and he kisses her again, nosing at the delicate skin. He pulls back, barely canting his hips against her ass, little waves of motion that press the head of his cock in and draw it back. "I like your cock," Shara says thoughtfully. "It's... friendly." Cassian laughs, breathlessly. "It's friendly?" Shara hums and circles her hips so that he slips in further, the ridge just catching. "Mm-hmm. Treating me nice." Cassian shivers, clutching her a little tighter, his fingers splaying over her ribs. She presses him back in when he slips out, and clenches around him, and Cassian whines. "Shy, though," Shara says. "You don't have to be this gentle." Cassian noses at her throat. "Are you asking me not to be?" Shara nods and wriggles closer to him, lower on the pillow so that they're better aligned. He reaches down and touches her thigh, eases it up a little higher, and holds the soft curve of her hip as he grinds forward: in and up. She's so wet between the slick and the blood that he slides in easy, bottoming out with her ass cradled in his hipbones. "Fuck," Shara says, turning her face into the pillow, and Cassian follows her, leaning in to kiss the back of her head, her neck. He lets his hand slide up her side, and cups her breast. "Still nice?" he murmurs. "So… so, nice," she confirms. He can feel her heart pounding against his wrist, where it's pressed to her ribs. He's sure she can feel his against her shoulder. Cassian brushes his thumb across her nipple and Shara groans, going wetter and sleeker around him. "You can, harder," she says. Cassian kisses her neck. "With my fingers or my—" "Everything." He shivers, and rubs her nipple between two fingertips, tugging slightly. "Wish I could get my mouth on you," he admits. "Later," Shara sighs. Cassian pulls back and pushes forward again, changing the angle. "Better?" Shara whines, and leans back against his chest, tipping her head to kiss his chin. "Better. Fuck, Cassian." He grinds in just enough of a circle that he brushes different spots inside her than before and watches the side of her face, listens to her breath, feels her pulse change under his hands. She spreads her legs, hooking her thigh up and over his, and Cassian feels her fingertips brush his cock as she works at her clit. It makes him move faster, try to find the perfect angle for her. "Can I?" His fingers leave her breast and stroke down her stomach towards her cunt. Shara laughs, and kisses his jaw again, her mouth trailing down his throat. "Yeah, yes." "Show me what you like," he murmurs, teeth set at her earlobe. She nods and spreads her hand over his, guiding his fingers down on either side of her clit. "Not too gentle." "Of course." Cassian can't help muffling his laugh in the side of her neck. "Adrenaline junkie." Shara doesn't deny it, just moves his hand with hers, pressing down until their fingertips touch where his cock meets her cunt. Cassian shudders and closes his eyes, quickly thinks of programming algorithms. "Kriff." "Yeah?" Shara sounds pleased and breathless, pressing the tip of his index finger against her cunt. "I like your pussy," Cassian whispers. "It's... friendly. No, it's beautiful." Shara laughs, tilting her hips back and bearing down on him. Cassian can feel it in his cock and against his fingertips. He finds her clit again and starts moving, feather light, tiny circles. "Mm. Gorgeous like you." He doesn't call her abejita , that's for Kes and Kes alone. It doesn't need to be said to be known. Shara whines. "And your cock thinks so too?" "It doesn't think," Cassian says. "Don't be ridiculous. It just tells me what to think most of the time." Shara huffs, amused. "I think your cock tells you what to think the least of anyone I've ever met." "I'll take that as a compliment?" Cassian hitches her closer to him, just in case, and runs his fingers over the line of dark hair that runs from her navel down to just above where her clit is slippery and needy and making his fingers red and wet. "It is," Shara agrees, and her breath hitches: "That, fuck, Cassian—" Cassian tries to keep the same rhythm and speed and pressure with both hands and his cock. Having to think about it so hard takes his mind off his own pleasure enough that he's grateful. "Close," Shara breathes, "Don't stop." "I won't," Cassian promises. He lets Shara writhe and scratch her nails across his hip and shove her thin camisole up above her tits and just tries to keep up, moving with her so that the goodness she's chasing doesn't disappear. She twists back to press her face against his sweaty neck as she comes, her heel digging into his calf. "Shh," Cassian gentles her, still moving even as she clenches and tries to keep him in place. "The walls aren't so thick." "Don't care," Shara says, softly, nosing at his throat. "D'you?" "I should," Cassian says. "But I don't." "Why?" Shara twists further in his arms, pulling his hand up from between her legs and letting it rest against her tummy instead. "Does it matter?" It probably doesn't, now that Cassian is involved with people that everyone on base knows are dating him. That's new: he's used to being secretive, keeping trysts to silent late-night meetings and looking forward in the corridors. Cassian kisses her fingers, and they taste sharp with copper and salt. He sucks two into his mouth and hums before murmuring, "It's okay. Do you want me to pull out?" "What? No." Shara sounds amused. "Unless you want to?" Cassian shakes his head fast enough that Shara's hair rustles on the same pillow, and she laughs. It feels phenomenal to be inside Shara Bey as she laughs, as precious and amazing as any other holy natural phenomenon. Lightning, falling stars, the crash of a wave. "How close are you?" Shara asks, caressing his jaw, tugging a strand of his hair. "I can be very close or I can think about hyperspace calculations and make you come again?" Humming, Shara eases her hips back, grinding slowly on his cock like she's thinking about it. "I could get off again." "Then let me—" Cassian slips out of her with a wet noise and rolls so that he can see her face, get her leg up over his shoulder. It, too, is fuzzed over with dark hair and he kisses her calf before guiding himself back inside her. Her undershirt is still pushed up over her chest, and Cassian keeps his eyes on hers as he finds her nipple and licks with just the tip of his tongue, light light light, even as his teeth tug in a way he suspects Shara wants. Shara tugs him up by the ears, kissing him hungrily, reaching around to grab his ass and pull him in closer. He braces his hands on her butt and hums as he gets in deep enough that the wet, metallic smear of her cunt is against the base of his cock and he can rub at her clit with his body as he moves, kisses her, stifles his own sounds in her mouth. "Force," Shara swears, her fingernails blunt at the nape of his neck. Her body is tense again beneath him, muscles constantly moving, fluttering around his cock and under his hands wherever they touch. Cassian can't speak without thinking and he can't think about anything other than don't come until she does , so he just mumbles something in agreement and drags his kiss to her neck. She squirms an arm between them, her knuckles bumping his stomach as she touches her clit. This time she doesn't warn him before she's shaking and coming on his cock, her toes curling in his peripheral vision where he's got her leg propped on his shoulder. She swears a storm when she comes, unlike Kes, and Cassian would laugh if he weren't on the edge of orgasm himself. "Come on," she says, pushing his hair back from his hot forehead, aftershocks still wringing his cock. "Cassian." Cassian grunts and nods. He comes whistling cold air through his teeth on a sharp inhale, Shara's warm, damp hands on his face. Shara kisses him before he's got his breath back, and then cradles his head against her shoulder, his chin on her breast. "Relax. Won't break me." Cassian nods, eyes closed. This is probably the hardest he's exerted himself since Scarif. Even the other times he's done this, with the two of them or just with Kes, he hasn't felt this bone-weary. He wonders if Shara's still trying to work the stims out of her system. It's a little difficult to catch his breath. Shara's hands span his shoulders, spread across his back, rubbing slow circles like she's reminding his lungs how to work again. He exhales in a great gust, kisses the top of her breast before looking up at her. "You okay? Sore?" Shara shakes her head. "I'm good, amor." She pets his ear, the hinge of his jaw. "Are you?" Cassian nods and slowly pulls out of her, the heavy smell of blood following. He sits back on his heels and they both blink in the light as their blanket cave falls away. "Shit!" Shara points to his face and starts laughing. "You look like you've been battling wookiees, Force, I'm sorry." Cassian shakes his head. There are red handprints all over Shara's front, her thighs and belly a mess to match Cassian's. "So do you." He shrugs. "Of all the reasons I've been covered in blood, this is my favorite." Shara goes as if to rub her face with her hand before wrinkling her nose and thinking the better of it. "I don't think wipes will work this time," she sighs. She does reach up to touch his cheek. "Ay, Dios, I got it in your hair, on your face, it's all over... shit, I'm sorry." Cassian takes her hand and twines his own sticky fingers through hers, presses them to the towel-covered mattress. "I don't care, Shara, I told you. It's just a little funny, yeah?" Shara shakes her head, but smiles at him. She brushes her fingers through his already-wrecked hair. "As long as you're okay with it, then I'll be okay with it." "I told you," Cassian says, and leans down to kiss her again. "I like it." It's a soft kiss, lazy with the lack of urgency. Cassian doesn't want to pull away, but Shara tugs at his shoulder. "We should clean up." "I could clean you up first," he offers, licking his lip just to make the point. "Luego sí, we should probably go to the freshers." "Ah, Force," Shara says, tipping her head back on the pillow and closing her eyes. "Go on, then." Cassian grins and kisses her lips first, wet and grateful. Shara nips his lower lip, and he draws back, propping himself up to look at her again: the rusty streaks up her tits and down her stomach, the distinct fingerprints on her hips. "I sort of wish we could take a holopic," he admits. "For Kes." "Scandalous, Captain Andor," Shara says. She grins. "We'll have to show him in person sometime." Something clinches in Cassian's stomach, and he buries his face against her chest for a moment. "He won't mind if I – if I do this without him?" "You are right now, aren't you?" Shara pets his hair again, gentle this time and lingering at the nape of his neck. "You and him, you and me, me and him... it's all a part of the same whole." "You sound like—" Cassian kisses her breastbone. "Someone I used to know. That's something the priests of the Force would say, isn't it." "From what I hear." Shara sounds truly embarrassed for the first time, even though they're both naked and covered in her blood, Cassian's spent cock resting on her knee. "My parents... were very faithful before we had to leave Alderaan." "How old were you?" Cassian touches her hip, watching. Listening. "Four. We lived in the Western hemisphere and the government needed land to expand the refugee camp. My parents chose to go. But we never went back." She shrugs. "We settled on Chacao and two days later, I met Kes at the playground when I stole his red ball and threw it at a big boy who was bullying one of Kes' sisters." Cassian laughs. "I can imagine that so clearly. How old was he?" "Almost two," Shara says. "He couldn't throw very far." Cassian tries to imagine Kes as a baby. He barely remembers what he looked like himself as a child, and there aren't any holopics to prove his memory right or wrong. He thinks Kes must've been a happy baby. He hopes so, anyway. "Still with me?" Shara asks, touching his shoulder gently. Cassian nods and kisses her breastbone. "Yes. I was just thinking that you've always stood up for the little guy." He smiles and kisses just over her heart. "I think both of us would protect him before ourselves," Shara says, softly. It isn't what Cassian had meant, exactly, or even what he had said, but – his mind goes there, too. Cassian smiles at her and pulls himself up just enough to kiss her face again. "He would do the same for you. Me, he shot, but you, never." Shara grins. "He was so proud of himself and so worried that you'd never talk to him again." She taps his chin thoughtfully. "You know how he feels about you, though." Her face is so solemn that he wants to look away. "After Scarif – when he thought you weren't going to wake up—" Cassian swallows. He knows that she can feel the bob of his throat against her chest. "It was the first time I couldn't comfort him." Shara's fingertips trace Cassian's jaw, dragging at the stubble there. She smiles, hesitantly. "I'm sorry, I've ruined the mood." "No, no," Cassian says, and kisses the heel of her palm. "It's all right. I just... haven't thought much about that time. I don't know how to think about it." He tries to smile, though, and kisses her wrist. "But I do know how to make you stop thinking, too." Shara looks tired, but her face tilts up with a smile at that. "Only if you're sure." Cassian nods. "I wouldn't craft a plan that I am not confident will succeed. It's why Mon keeps me around." "I don't think that's the whole reason," Shara says, but she kisses him again, as if she thinks he'll protest. He wouldn't, really – at least back when he could work in the field, he was the very best of the Rebellion – but he won't argue with a kiss. Shara is smiling again when they pull apart. "I think you mentioned something about cleaning up?" Cassian brushes his fingers between her legs and the mess of his come and her blood and slick and both of their sweat. It's too soon for his cock to stir, but heat swirls in his gut anyway. Shara grins at him. "You'd better get to work, Captain." Cassian shivers as he kisses his way down her body, the blankets closing over his head again to shield them from the interminable Hoth cold. Later, Shara drapes her arms around him in the fresher after she's soaped him clean all over and shampooed his hair twice just to make him moan quietly with satisfaction. "You saved all of us before yourself," she murmurs against his mouth. "And I hope you know that nobody, not Kes or me or Jyn or Mon, anyone, ever forgets that." Chapter 9 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Hoth | 0 ABY, 6th Month "Lieutenant Bey, your presence is requested by Princess Leia! Do come quickly." Shara stands up from examining the back exhaust port of her A-wing and peers at the protocol droid quizzically. "What exactly does the princess want with me?" "I'm sure I don't know," Threepio sighs heavily. "No one tells me anything. I only know I'm supposed to deliver you to her quarters immediately." Shara wipes her greasy hands on the pants of her jumpsuit and shrugs. "Lead the way." She's never been to the princess' quarters: she knows where they are, just off the administrative hall from the command center – everyone knows where they are, because they've all seen the smuggler and the Jedi and the princess arguing up and down the hallway in front of her quarters half a dozen times. Maybe she wants advice on dealing with two partners? Word must have traveled up the chain of command by now that Shara and Kes have picked up Cassian; Shara can't imagine what else could make the three glamorous generals yell so much, if not love. Still, that seems improbable. Threepio knocks on the door for her and then trundles away, muttering about seeing to other business. Shara attempts to tuck her hair behind her ears, neaten her messy bun. It's a surprise somehow when she doesn't have to look up to see the princess' face. "Lieutenant Bey?" She asks like she already knows the answer. "Come in. We've got some work to do, fast." "Ma'am?" Shara stumbles over the word. "Your highness, sorry. I'm not sure what this is about?" "Just Leia is fine," the princess says, and she bodily steers Shara toward a desk littered with hairpins and topped with mirrors. "Did you wash your hair today?" Shara reaches up to her hair instinctively. "No, I—" "Good," Leia grins. "It's always easier to put up if it's a little greasy. My mother always said so." She looks almost taken aback at herself, and Shara isn't sure if her condolences would make it worse. "My abu said the same thing," she offers, "before she passed." Leia blinks something out of her big eyes. "¿Hablas alderaaní?" "Only a very little," Shara says apologetically. "My parents moved to Chacao when I was little. They speak a variant, but not—" "That's fine," Leia interrupts her. "It's close enough – it's nice to hear it, you know?" Shara nods. She and Kes and Cassian speak their own version when they're alone now: a fast and silly combination of the words festano and chacao share and the common words for things they don't. It's the closest to home that Shara ever feels on base. She cannot imagine what it must be like for Leia, or to know that she might never hear her language on a native tongue again. Leia stands taller again, chin up, and nods to the chair at the makeshift vanity. "Sit! This will take a while." Shara sits, and watches the princess in the mirror cautiously. She's all feverish movement, bird-like reflexes and energy. Shara vaguely wonders if she was ever that full of life, even at Leia's age. The tie falls from Shara's hair and then Leia's fingers comb through the curls, fast but surprisingly gentle. "Just try to stay still. Let me know if I pull too hard." A ghost of a smile crosses the general's face. "My mother never pulled, but my niñeras did. I bit them." "I'm not surprised," Shara laughs. "I don't mind a little hair-pulling." She grins at Leia's reflection. "So I've heard," Leia says flatly. She picks up a heavy shaak-bristle brush finer than anything Shara has ever bought for her own hair and starts to work. Shara might purr. "So, um," she says, finally, glancing at Leia's eyes in the reflection, "Not that this isn't nice, but why... am I here, ma'am?" "They didn't brief you?" Leia looks momentarily annoyed, and then amused. "This must all seem rather ridiculous to you." "A bit, ma'am." Shara would shrug if Leia weren't so intently laying out careful sections of hair across Shara's shoulders. "But it's nice to be pampered." "Leia," Leia repeats. "It is, isn't it?" Her fingers take their time plaiting the hair behind Shara's ears. "Mon is sending Captain Andor on a mission – he's to attend a party hosted by a former senator. You're to accompany him as his pilot, but you'll be at the dinner too. I'm supposed to show you what to do." "What to – okay," Shara says. She watches Leia's fingers curl and move as though she's been doing this all her life. She probably has. "Because I've never been on an intelligence mission?" "Because you're not a member of any of the Noble Houses, as far as I know." Leia taps Shara's shoulder. "I need you to put your thumb on this braid right... there. Just hold it for a minute while I get the other side." Shara worries at her lower lip with her teeth. "Am I supposed to be learning how to do this myself?" "Oh, no, no, no, it's a one-day mission." Leia taps the back of Shara's hand and gathers the first braid into the second. "It's just – tonight. I can't believe you haven't been briefed yet. Who was supposed to brief you?" "It's tonight?" Shara turns in the seat to look at Leia straight-on. "Nobody said anything, I don't know who was supposed to—" "Ugh!" Leia snorts through her nose, cheeks puffing out in frustration. "Okay. You, Lieutenant Bey, are to play the role of me . Except better behaved, and obviously you're not really trying to be me, they'd alert the Empire right away if you used my name. But – the pretty girl with big eyes." She sticks a handful of hairpins between her teeth. "It'll be fine. You mostly sit there and look charming and harmless while Captain Andor receives an infodisk from his informant." Shara wrinkles her nose. "That sounds like fun." "Why do you think you're going instead of me?" Leia has a dry humor that Shara somehow wasn't expecting. Shara knows why, of course: they can't lose Leia. They may not have that many pilots, but they only have one General. Princess. Junior Senator. Leia's too many things to too many people for them to risk her. "No offense," Shara says, hesitantly, "but it's not going to matter how fancy you do my hair if I show up in this flightsuit." "You can borrow a dress." Leia shifts uncomfortably. "I kept some of my stuff on Yavin for a long time before... anyway. I have a few things. We're the same height." Shara imagines what her abuela would say – what her mamá would say – about their Shara Bey wearing a dress that belongs to the Princess of Alderaan. "Okay," Shara says. She moves to nod and Leia does pull her hair rather sharply at that. "Ow!" "Stay still," Leia raises an eyebrow at her in the mirror. "Yes, ma'am," Shara demurs. Leia might smile at her, soft around the eyes in a way that she must try to hide most of the time. "I have some jewels, too," Leia says, quiet, when her fingers are busy in Shara's hair again. "They'd look good with your skin. Better than mine." "I don't have to borrow your jewels," Shara says. "If they're irreplaceable, maybe I shouldn't." "I don't have any use for them," Leia says, a little sharply. Shara is reminded immediately of the princess' reputation around the base. Prickly, stubborn. Proud. An ice princess , some of the other pilots call her. Shara doesn't see that. Leia is like Cassian, she thinks: more of an eggshell than an ice floe. Sharp edges to protect the soft insides. "I'd be proud to wear them for tonight," Shara says, softly. Leia just nods once, sharp, and uses her hands to tilt Shara's head so that she's looking down at her knees. Shara tries to pay attention as Leia starts listing the names of all the people she can expect to see that evening, but it's been so long since someone braided her hair that it's hard to focus on anything but Leia's hands. Already, the woman in the mirror doesn't quite look familiar. Shara didn't even have carefully styled hair at her wedding to Kes. In all of the holos, half of his face is hidden by the way her hair blew in the breeze. "There," Leia says, and squeezes Shara's shoulders. "Let's find the dress." Shara leans forward to look at her hair in as many angles as she can: it's shinier, somehow, glistening in the fluorescent base lights like transparisteel or the treacherous sheets of black ice that coat parts of the range outside. She looks older, somehow, without any curls falling in her face. Leia is plucking through a trunk at the foot of her bed when Shara turns around – Shara hasn't seen so many colors of fabric since the last time she was home. Blues and greens spill out in soft tones that would be completely impractical for anything Shara does on a daily basis. "I used to hate wearing these," Leia murmurs. She looks up at Shara and grins, her whole face widening as years melt away and god, she's so young . "Have fun walking tonight, Lieutenant." "I'm really not sure—" Shara bites her lip. "It's very generous of you to let me borrow something, Your Highness, but I'm not sure that those will fit me." Leia appraises Shara with an eye that would make Shara blush if she were a different sort of person. "We'll make them fit," Leia says. "Because you're definitely not tall enough to borrow something from Mon." Shara sighs and stands up, coming over to survey the dresses that Leia is laying out over the small bed. They cost more than Shara and Kes spent on their little house. It probably isn't even still standing. "I should wash up," she says, urgently. "Sonic's through that door." Leia points without looking up. "If you ruin your hair, so help me, Lieutenant, I will space you." "I wouldn't dare," Shara laughs. She's quick stripping out of her flight suit and underwear, although she takes a little longer in the fresher than is strictly necessary. She doesn't bother getting fully dressed again, just towels dry and puts her underwear back on, wraps the towel around herself to go back out to Leia. Leia pulls the towel away and drops it on the floor. She looks Shara over again. "Not bad. I think the green one will fit you best, especially if we're concealing a blaster pistol anywhere." "Force," Shara laughs. "Your Highness." "I'm being practical!" Leia throws her hands up and crosses the room in three strides to dig through a door. "I have a thigh-holster somewhere." "I'm just saying, it hardly seems fair," Shara shrugs. "You're in all those layers and I'm in my underwear." She chances a grin at Leia's back. "Ah, but you get to get off this ice cube for a night," Leia says. Her mouth is full of something again, and when Shara looks over, it's the buckle of a leather belt. "And with two very handsome officers." "Two?" Shara holds the green dress up to herself – she'll need help getting into it, but Leia is right, it does look like it will fit. "Your husband," Leia mumbles around the holster. "He's going to be playing your security detail." Shara briefly wonders whose fancy clothes they're borrowing before smiling helplessly at the idea of the three of them getting away from Hoth for an evening. "Ah," Leia sighs, grinning. "See? I knew you'd warm up to the idea. We needed an experienced intel officer. And a gorgeous young couple with their handsome, intimidating bodyguard is much less suspicious in the halls of the House Sindian than one scruffy-looking nerfherder all on his own." "Cassian's not scruffy-looking," Shara says automatically. Leia shoves the thin leather thigh-holster and a pair of slinky stockings into Shara's hands. "Did I say it was a bad thing?" Shara glances at her and then grins. "All right. But House Sindian? Aren't they in the Arkanis sector?" It's further than Shara expected for a one night trip. "So come back tomorrow," Leia says. "You can jump there in... kriff, four hours in hyperspace. We've gotta pour you into this dress faster, come here." Shara follows her back to the bed, and perches on the edge of the mattress to put on the stockings. It's a foreign feeling. Leia climbs up onto the bed and drapes a heavy necklace over Shara's collarbones before moving to fasten it at the back of her neck. "Now listen," she says. "You haven't done an intel mission before, and you haven't been trained in court etiquette, have you? No. All right, the most important thing to remember is this." She turns Shara's face so that they can just see each other as Shara keeps wriggling up the stockings. "What's important is the action. You don't have to wait to be confident. Just do it and eventually the confidence will follow." Shara tries to nod, but Leia's smart little fingers dig into her chin, holding her still. "All you have to do is not get Captain Andor caught. You're there to distract anyone from looking at him too closely, all right?" "And that's why you're pouring me into this green dress." Shara raises one eyebrow. "That and I wanted to see your tits in it," Leia smiles, teeth sharp. "Here, are you done with those yet?" "Yes." Shara moves to stand. "Should I—" "Yes, and arms up." Leia stands on her cot and gathers the dress together over Shara's head. The dress fits. It takes a little shifting, a little wriggling, and Shara holds her breath as Leia fastens the back, but the fabric stretches easily. Shara turns to let Leia see. "Ooh!" Leia reels back like Shara is sunlight glinting off the snow fields. "So that's what the bodice is supposed to look like." Flushing, Shara runs her fingers over the neckline of the dress. It's cut square and low – the type of dress you wear nicer underwear with, but the only other bras Shara has are the sporty kind with high backs. "I'll look right?" Shara tries to back up far enough to be able to see her whole reflection in the small mirrors, but the bunk is too square. "They won't suspect?" Leia shakes her head. "They'll be too busy staring." Shara shivers and wraps her arms around herself. "I don't suppose you have a fancy coat so I don't turn blue on our way out of the Hoth system, do you?" "I have something better," Leia says, and digs through the trunk again, pulling out a tawny brown cape. It's heavy, lined with fabric so soft that Shara can't help rubbing her palms over it. "It's a little wrinkled, but it should be fine." Shara lets Leia drape it around her shoulders. It falls perfectly on her, tailored for someone just her height. Just the princess' height. There's embroidery on the inside of the collar, just barely darker than the rest of the cape. Que la Fuerza te acompañe, mijita . Shara swallows, and she sees Leia's eyes glisten for the barest moment before she adjusts the collar over Shara's shoulders. "My father loved capes," Leia says. "He had one in every color of the rainbow, I think." "I'll wear it for him," Shara says, and hopes it isn't horribly presumptuous. "And for you, princesa." "Soy general," Leia says, raising her eyebrows. "Do you have a pistol that will fit under the skirt or do you need to borrow one?" "Disccúlpeme, por favor," Shara inclines her head. "I have a blaster." "Good. Captain Andor is well-versed in court etiquette; ask him to give you a primer on the flight," Leia says. "Go! You'll be late." Shara pulls her boots on and hopes that the flowing green gown is long enough to hide them. "Wait," Leia says, catching Shara's wrist as she reaches for the maglock of the door. "Here. Turn around." Her small hands fix the clasp of a necklace around Shara's neck. "There," Leia says. She pinches Shara's cheeks to bring up a flush. "Perfect. Beautiful. No one will look twice at Captain Andor." Kes is waiting for her by the shuttle door in the hangar. He's wearing dark dress trousers, and there's a starched white collar peeking out of his heavy jacket. His shoes look shined. "You cleaned up," Shara says. Kes wolf-whistles lowly as Shara approaches. "So did you." He reaches out as though to touch her hair and then thinks better of it, his fingertips ghosting across her jaw gently. "You changed your hair. I like it." "The princess did it," Shara says quietly, raising her eyebrows at him. It still feels strange, tension in her temples from having her hair pulled back. She hasn't had a headache from her hairstyle since she flew transports for the Empire and had to wear a tight bun every day. "Well," Kes says, just as softly, "you look like a queen." "Shush." Shara elbows him, and bunches her skirt in two hands to get up into the transport. Kes takes her elbow to help her keep her balance, and follows her into the shuttle. "This dress will wrinkle," Shara mutters as she folds herself into the pilot's seat and tries to keep the thin fabric smooth beneath her thighs. "I'll look a mess." "Let Cassian fly," Kes shrugs. "He'll be here in a—" "Here," Cassian says. "Let's go. We'll be late as it is." Shara and Kes both tilt their heads to better take in the view of Cassian, clean-shaven, his hair coiffed, in a black suit that fits him like a glove and a lush dark red cape. "Wow," Shara says. "My cape does not match your dress," Cassian grumbles. "I have another one somewhere that is green." "Red looks good on you," Shara says. "Anyway, aren't we in a hurry?" Cassian makes another equivocating noise and rubs his smooth, soft cheek. He looks ten years younger, somehow. "I'm out of practice," he admits. "I don't want to put you in danger because I missed a small detail." "And capes matching is going to make or break our cover?" Shara snorts. "It might," Cassian says, very seriously. "Have you been to a banquet with the Noble Houses before? I have. These people, they notice all of the small things, the superficial things. We have to have those perfect so that we can focus on the big things. The secret things they don't even realize they shouldn't say." Shara stands up to let him take the pilot's seat, smoothing out her dress and bracing herself against the back of the seat. "You better tell us what else to watch out for." "Kes' job is easy," Cassian says. "Just stand behind us and keep an eye on things. Do not talk. Try not to turn your head. Stand at attention." "Just like you trained me," Kes says, grinning. A small smile flits across Cassian's face. "You had promise. I thought you might decide on an intelligence career." He looks to Shara. "You, though, you have to be perfect. What did the princess teach you about etiquette?" Shara laughs. "To pretend I know what I'm doing." "That... sounds like Bail Organa's daughter," Cassian says. Without the scruff of his beard, the flicker of mourning for Bail is clearer than ever. "It is a good start, I admit. But here, once we're in hyperspace, let me show you how the silverware is arranged." "You mean I can't just eat a shaak filet with my hands?" Kes laughs, and slips into the copilot's seat. Cassian glances over at him, mouth twisting in a slight smile. "No," he says ruefully, "unfortunately." Kes minds their chart headings as Cassian teaches Shara the motions of a court greeting, the names of their contacts, the complicated map of the table service. Shara laughs and steps on his feet as he sweeps her around the yacht-class' cabin to imaginary strings; she doesn't step on Kes' feet when he cuts in, but Kes is a better dancer than Cassian could ever be, and he's used to the way Shara's impatient legs move. He's used to staying out of her way. Shara is breathless with laughter when she steps away, reaching for a water canteen. Kes catches Cassian's hand and spins him back into the middle of the cabin deftly. "Maybe I should have brought you as the beautiful date," Cassian says ruefully as Kes dips him. "I would not be in so much danger of getting broken bones." "Hey," Shara says. "I'd be happy to play bodyguard. Give me some pants, dammit. And I'd love to see Kes in this thigh holster." "You've got a thigh holster?" Kes looks over at her in open adoration, and it's Cassian's turn to laugh. Shara spins wildly over to her boys so that the skirt of her glorious dress flares high enough to reveal the small blaster-pistol strapped to her upper thigh and the seams at the back of her borrowed stockings. And her clunky pilot boots. "I love you," Kes says solemnly. Cassian just watches her, eyes bright as his smile is soft. There's a beeping from the console. Shara swirls over and leans over the console to check their heading. "We're almost there. Brace for hyperspace exit." Cassian slides past her to settle in the pilot's seat again, checking the calculations. "There is a private landing pad at the Sindian estate," Cassian says. "We're posing as a delegation of Alderaanian survivors." "I'll follow your lead," Shara nods, fixing her skirt one more time. The fabric is more forgiving than she'd thought. "Don't walk too fast," Cassian says, glancing back at her. "They'll see your shoes. Kes, you have the comm?" Kes is checking the pocket of his overcoat, arranging a handkerchief. "Yeah." "'Yes, sir,'" corrects Cassian. "Fix your tie." "Yes, sir," Kes echoes, watching Cassian as he straightens his tie. "Are you sure you shouldn't do it for me?" Shara bites the inside of her cheek, trying not to laugh. Cassian's nervous eyes soften as he steps closer to Kes and uses gentle hands to adjust the wings of Kes' black bow tie. Kes ducks his chin, lips brushing Cassian's wrist as he moves away. "Shara." Cassian turns and reaches into his breast pocket. He produces a tube of red lipstick. "Come here." "Do this often?" Shara asks, but gamely lets her lips relax so that Cassian can paint on the makeup. "I took it from Mon's quarters," he says, frowning as he concentrates on the bow of Shara's top lip. "She won't miss it." "Now I'm really disappointed I don't get to play the hot date," Kes says from behind them. "I'll keep the lipstick," Cassian says, pulling back to replace the cap and put it back in his pocket. "Next time, you can wear Leia's dress, too." Kes grins, squeezing Shara's hand as he passes her, heading down the hall to open the shuttle ramp. "Is that a promise, Captain?" "It's Duke," Cassian corrects, quirking an affected smile, chin high. "Duke Chardri San Fiona of Juran. I was ever so lucky to be off-world at the time of the Death Star incident." Something shutters behind his eyes at the mention of the Death Star, at the way the whole planet is gone because of the Death Star, and Cassian – Cassian will never be quite right, where it's concerned. Shara slides her gloved hand into his and squeezes, leans forward to kiss his smooth cheek. "And you're my—" it's barely a pause, before he smiles again, continues, "partner, the Duchess. Everyone will say how funny it is, you almost look like the princess. You're distant cousins of another Antilles." Shara's expression is soft as she gently brushes the faint mark of her lipstick away from his skin. "I will follow your lead. Even on the dance floor." "Otherwise everyone will know we're not of any Royal House this side of the galaxy," Kes whispers loudly from the hallway. "Come on, there's attendants outside." Kes arranges his sleek coat so that the shining handle of a blaster sidearm is just visible. He sets his jaw and straightens his back. When he wants to, Cassian thinks, Kes looks like a cold man. There's a bitter breeze that catches Shara's cape as they exit the ship, but Cassian switches sides to wrap the hem over her arm and block the cold air, tucking her closer into his side. Kes is right behind them, closing the shuttle door and inputting the code for lockdown. "Sir!" A silver protocol droid toddles down the steep ramp at the front of the imposing manor toward the trio. "May I have your invitation holochip please, and verification of your identities?" "I'm surprised you don't recognize me," Cassian says. "I would have assumed your master would have a guestbook prepared." He watches the droid sadly for a moment, and then produces the invitation from his pocket. "I had heard the House of Sindian had fallen on hard times, but really." "Oh! Dear me! Goodness!" The droid's voice recirculates nervously. "Your Grace, I do apologize. It's only that one cannot be too careful these days. Those dreadful Rebel insurgents. Thieves, the lot of them. Oh, dear me, oh goodness, follow me." Cassian guides Shara with a hand on her arm, and she looks back just once, to make sure Kes is behind them. The corridors of the Sindian ancestral home drip with so much wealth that they could be nothing but gaudy at best, but they display the Imperial symbol so proudly that the effect is only ugly. Still, when Shara really looks, it's easy to tell where there are marks on the wall, imperfectly patched spaces where another portrait must have hung, or an uneven number of candelabra above a mantel. Even here, the war has taken its toll, and the Imperial flag flying over the balustrades hasn't kept them safe. How foolish, Shara thinks, for these people to ever believe it would. "Do not feel too sorry," Cassian whispers, so softly that the droid's sensors won't pick it up. "That painting there, above the mantel, that's festana. It was looted after the – it was looted." Shara squeezes his hand. She wants to promise that someday they'll see it returned. "Right this way, your Grace," says the droid. It bows as it shows them to the grand, arched doorway of an enormous ballroom ringed in tables groaning with food. The ballroom is only half full, and there are couples arriving through the set of doors opposite. Shara relaxes incrementally. They're not late. "May I take your coats?" Another protocol droid whooshes over on silent servos, arms extended for their capes. Cassian can't help admiring Shara as he helps her out of the thick, woolen cape. He's never seen her in a real color besides orange before. When he starts to take off his own, Kes' hands meet his on the hem. "Sir," Kes says, mildly. "Allow me." He extends his arm for Shara, and leads the way towards the nearest table, where a droid is serving drinks. It's acutely strange to be working a mission without Kay-Tu on the other end of his comm. Every droid he sees here emphasizes Kay's absence. Kes follows close behind them, his eyes alert and his shoulders square. Cassian knows they make for an intriguing picture. Still, it's not anything particularly out of the ordinary here. Most of the other guests have security trailing them, or waiting at the perimeter of the room. No one, Cassian thinks, has a partner as beautiful as Shara on their arm. He knows that no one has security as trustworthy as Kes. Knowing that Kes is at his back eases the ache where the absence of Kay-Tu lingers. "Your Grace, is that you?" Cassian closes his eyes at the high-pitched voice behind him, then pastes on a charming smile. He turns, Shara moving with him like two halves of a whole. "Mademoiselle Sindian," Cassian says. "You've grown since I last saw you." "It's so kind of you to notice." The girl in front of them can't be more than sixteen, with wide-set dark eyes and lips painted petal pink. She sways on delicate heels, playing with the hem of her dress. "My manners! Darling," he looks to Shara, "This is Lady Carise Sindian, the daughter of our hosts for the evening, of the Arkanian Sindians. Mademoiselle, this is my fiancée, Duchess Brehaana of Istabith." Cassian looks ever-so-politely forlorn. "Lucky for me, she was off-world on holiday when the incident occurred." "How very lucky," Carise says, looking Shara up and down, and then looking back at Cassian with an air of resignation. Cassian lifts Shara's hand to his lips and kisses her knuckles. "I hadn't realized you were engaged," Carise says, her mouth pursed like she's tasted something unexpectedly sour. "It wasn't published." "I have had greater concerns since the incident." Cassian can't quite keep the edge of his voice as blunt as decorum would dictate. He coughs. "My financial portfolio was diverse, but did include domestic holdings that I have been traveling to reinvest. Perhaps your father could be of assistance?" "I'm sure he'd be happy to." Carise swishes her skirts a little more and glances up at Cassian from under her lashes. "Can I expect the pleasure of a dance later in the evening, Chardri?" Cassian's smile doesn't even waver as he says, "I will try my best, Mademoiselle Sindian. My knees, they aren't what they were at your age." "Oh, I'm sure that's not true." Carise's eyes linger somewhere easily above Cassian's knees. Shara clears her throat pointedly and squeezes Cassian's hand. "¿Podemos buscar una bebida más grande para alejarnos de esta niña malcriada, cielo?" She speaks triple speed, looking down her nose at Carise Sindian in her frothy gown. Cassian kisses Shara's knuckles again. "Of course, my love." He inclines his head to Carise. "Excuse me please, Mademoiselle." Shara turns, bringing Cassian with her, and moving towards the drink table again. "She's a child ," Shara whispers. "A very rich one," Cassian whispers back. "Much like Leia, no?" "Not like Leia at all," Shara says. "Leia would rather die than fall over herself for a man's attention." "Maybe now." Cassian can't help a soft laugh. "But the first time she proposed to me, I think she was eight." "Leia?" Shara mouths, looking incredulous and delighted as she takes another glass from the droid serving. "Oh, yes." Cassian takes a glass, too, and examines the thick green of the toniray, just the same shade as Shara's gown. "She had a guest list three hundred people long, and only half were imaginary or dead." "Somehow I imagine her attention was more charming than Miss Sindian's." "She was very cute," Cassian admits. "Very bossy." "Seems to be your type," Shara laughs. "Are we supposed to be doing something? Am I distracting you?" "Not yet," Cassian says. He touches the thin strap of her gown with reverent fingers. "As long as you're distracting other people, too, it's okay." Shara shrugs, the strap falling further down her shoulder. Leia's necklace shifts, baubles settling in the crease of her breasts. "Is it working?" Kes leans forward as though to whisper to Cassian and instead says, "Given the way our pervy old host over there is looking at you, yes. Can I shoot him?" "No," Shara and Cassian hiss, in unison. "I know," Kes mutters. "But we're gonna end up shooting some of these people eventually. Aren't we? They're the other side. It's – it makes me itch." "Just a few hours," Cassian reminds him. He clinks his glass to Shara's like a cheers, and leads her towards a table. "You should wait for us – maybe you'll pick something useful up from the other security." Kes nods, ever dutiful, but hesitates before he moves. "You both have blasters? Just in case?" "No one will harm us here," Cassian breathes. "Most likely. Just – listen. Watch." Kes nods, gives Cassian a little bow, and disappears through the crowd like smoke. They find the table they're assigned to, and Cassian pulls the seat out for Shara, stands close so that her boots are hidden as she slides her feet under the table. Shara looks like she's been part of this world all her life as she delicately floats into her seat, the green dress a whisper around her. Cassian takes his seat beside her and quickly reads the place cards around their table. There is no one who will know his face. Most of the Imperial officers he'd ever known in his time as a spy and aide died at Scarif. Everyone else must think that he did, too. Their tablemates are ponderously dull, unimportant people that Cassian can't dredge even a glimmer of information from. Shara charms them all, in a way that Cassian, impatient as he is, can't quite achieve. He quietly directs her movements to the correct silverware when she flounders, but Mon and Leia chose well when they decided to send Cassian, Shara, and Kes to this event. Cassian can see Kes in the corner of his eye moving through the other security toward the room where all of the coats and bags were left, and Shara is radiant in a way that takes all eyes off Cassian so that he can scrutinize the crowd. A couple people circle through the room to their table to say hello, asking to be introduced to Cassian's date. No one apologizes for the destruction of her home, when they learn that "Brehaanna" is Alderaanian. Shara's knee finds Cassian's under the table halfway through the meal, like she needs the contact. Cassian wishes her hair were loose so he could run his fingers through the curls and comfort her with something real and familiar. Although he isn't sure if that would comfort him or her more. "Your Grace," creaks an elderly Devaronian across their table. "What is your firm's projection for price of starblossom? Will cultivated varieties be able to match demand or will we hit a ceiling?" Cassian turns a warm smile on her and takes a long sip of his wine. "Of course your ladyship knows that any projection can change with a single season," he demurs. "And that the cultivated varieties we are producing this year are only a small subset of the varieties being perfected in our Empire's top research facilities for use in the future." The old Devaronian's partner, even older and more hunched, so wrinkled she looks more like a fine handbag than a sentient being, waves her hand dismissively. "Feh, research. Fruit is fruit. Stocks are stocks. Even if they remain a luxury, they will not taste right without Alderaanian sun." "Hush, K'lee," hisses the first through her jagged teeth. She blinks back at Cassian. "Apologies, Your Grace." "No apologies are necessary," Cassian smiles tightly, but tips his wine glass to the older lady. "Perhaps a new strain will be cultivated to retain that precious flavor." She grumbles again and seems to shrink right into the plush Gigoran fur of her collar as she either sulks, falls asleep, or dies. Shara sips at her own wine carefully, glancing at Cassian over the metal-lined rim of her glass. She's wondering if the Devaronian is the contact, probably. Cassian shakes his head slightly. "And you!" The slightly-less-old companion gestures to Shara with her glass. "Beautiful. Hard to remember I was ever that young. Do you do anything? I certainly hope the Duke's fortunes haven't fallen so far that you need to work." Shara raises her eyebrows but recovers quickly, giggling into her glass. "Oh no, I just sit at home all day and wish for babies." It's a little on the nose, but Cassian resists a smile, and nobody else at the table seems to realize it. "Your species makes that so complicated." The Devaronian marquise nods sympathetically, and then she turns back to her conversation with the Quarren beside her about the price of shaak bellies on the closed market. Shara's knee twitches under the table, and Cassian slides a hand into his lap, and then carefully to her thigh at the edge of the tablecloth. Talk of economic prospects is something that Cassian is good at, but has no natural understanding of – the only money he's ever had came from the Rebellion's modest stockpile, and now that Alderaan is gone, that will deplete quickly. But he knows the language and how to decipher the codes of what analysts say: if the price of starblossom is high, then even those who don't have an ideological stake in the Empire are becoming frustrated with its effect on the galaxy. If only because now, they can't get their favorite fruit. Everyone has a breaking point. Eventually, the Empire will lose some sympathizers without the Rebels having to do much at all. Across the room at the head of the main table, Lady Sindian rises, and gestures for the band to enter. Service droids begin clearing the tables to make room on the dance floor. Cassian squeezes Shara's knee gently. "My lady? Care to dance?" "I've been waiting all night for you to ask," Shara says. "It'll have to be a slow dance, they can't see my shoes." Cassian bows to offer her his arm and whisper in her ear. "Don't worry. No one will be looking at our feet." "They might be!" Shara laughs, and lets him lead her into the dance with a spin. She's watching his face when he moves his hand to the small of her back and realizes how low the back of the gown is. "You really do look beautiful." The music from Arkanis is eerie and strange, too many notes in a chord and slow in a way that raises gooseflesh on Cassian's arms. It sounds like the music that holodramas use to score the moments before a monster jumps out from the shadows. "You look good too," Shara reminds him. "It's strange, being this dressed up. Like we're playing a weird game or something." "I told a certain trainee once that nothing we do is a game," Cassian says, and he twirls Shara under his arm. "But... this is more fun than I used to have on missions." Shara grins. "I'm flattered." Her eyes are scanning the room, tracking Kes, but her fingers are warm on Cassian's shoulder and arm. Cassian wants to kiss her, he realizes, to feel the waxy red of her lipstick against his mouth. He wanted to kiss her last time they danced, too, when the whole base was snowed in and he never thought he'd get to kiss her, or Kes, or Jyn, or... anyone, really. "What?" Shara asks, softly. Cassian shakes his head. "Later. Carise is headed our way." Shara is about to welcome the opportunity to take her seat again, but a hand catches hers as Cassian twirls her for the last strain of the dance. "Your Graces," says the stranger, "it's a pleasure. May I have the honor of this dance with you, my lady, as it seems your fiancé is about to be appropriated by one of our hosts?" "Oh! I—" Shara looks flustered for perhaps the first time since Cassian's known her. "I mean, yes, Your... Grace?" "Senator Tai-Lin Garr," Cassian tells her, and gives him a grateful nod. "It's good to see you." "And you," Tai-Lin inclines his head and smiles, but his eyes are still on Shara. "I'm sure we'll have time to talk, but for now, I welcome the chance to become acquainted with your lovely companion." Cassian meets Shara's eyes and smiles. "I am sure she would be delighted to make the acquaintance of a senator so fond of our late representative from Alderaan." Tai-Lin's face gives the first real reaction that Shara's seen of the night – and she instantly likes him for it. "As long as the stars shine, the Galaxy will remember Alderaan," Tai-Lin says, his voice rough with repressed emotion. He clears his throat, and smiles over her shoulder. "I'll leave you to the young lady," he tells Cassian, and guides Shara away by the hand. Shara spots Kes following closer to her than to Cassian, his eyes bright and sharp. She's never actually seen Kes in the field. She's spotted him, on occasion, running down below for just a moment before smoke or fire obstructs the view between them. But she's never gotten to work with him before. "You'll have to forgive me," Shara tells Tai-Lin quietly, "I'm not familiar with these dances, and I'm—" she lifts the hem of her dress slightly to show off the scuffed toe of her boot. Tai-Lin's face crinkles, and he laughs warmly. "I can see why our friend likes you." "It was more an issue of bureaucratic... short-notice," Shara admits. "I've never known the good Chandrilan Senator to be less than thoroughly prepared," Tai-Lin says. "It's a rough time," Shara says, thinking of Mon, and Leia, and Echo Base. "So I have surmised." Tai-Lin Garr spins with Shara in a complicated figure eight. Across the floor, Cassian looks a bit dead inside as Carise Sindian laughs and swats his arm. "I suspect that since the passing of my good friend the viceroy, your funding has been slow," he says. "Perhaps I could be of service." "Any assistance would be welcome," Shara says, carefully. Cassian seems to trust this man, and he's said all the right things, but she still doesn't feel comfortable negotiating something she was never briefed on. Tai-Lin seems to sense her awkwardness. "I only mean to assure you that I will do what I can," he says. "I have a private commlink for your partner – can I give it to you?" "I..." Shara looks over her shoulder at Kes on her next twirl. He gives her a subtle smile, and it does what it has since she was five years old: it makes her feel safe. "Yes," she says. "I would be happy to convey your interest to the Senate Relief Fund." "Thank you." They've reached a far corner of the room, and Tai-Lin catches her hand, holding her steady as the music goes on around them. "I believe you've broken the heel of your shoe," he says, and drops to one knee. His hands are deft, tucking the commlink into the laces of her boot, smoothing down her skirt again. "My mistake! I couldn't risk you turning your ankle." Shara curtsies in her best approximation of courtly grace. "Thank you, kind Senator." She holds out her hand. "Another dance, while we wait for Miss Sindian to be finished with my fiancé?" "It would be my pleasure." Shara's feet are aching by the time Cassian escapes from Carise and reclaims her from Tai-Lin. Kes is looking slightly antsy in the corner. "Do you have it?" Cassian leans in close, kissing Shara's neck. "The commlink?" Cassian nods. It has the encrypted channel they can use to contact Tai-Lin and secure the funds. Shara drapes her arms around his neck and sways in close enough for a slow, showy kiss. It's only somewhat to chase Carise Sindian away. "I do," she murmurs against Cassian's mouth. "Can we get out of here?" "I would like nothing more." Cassian kisses her once more, quickly, helplessly, and then eases back. "I'll make our excuses," he says. "Wait here for me?" "I'll get our capes." Shara reminds herself to walk slowly towards the wall where Kes is waiting. Kes stands beside her as they wait for the protocol droids to bring their capes from the coat room. "Your hair is coming loose," Kes whispers to her. "I like it." Shara tucks a strand behind her ear automatically. "The senator from Gatalenta is an energetic dancer." "I noticed," Kes says, laughing softly. "You were beautiful out there. We should dance more." Kes' smallest finger brushes the small of Shara's back discreetly. "We'll dance on the ship home. And we'll take the long way." A shiver runs up Shara's back and down to her boots. She gives Kes a warning glance. He eases back, face a mask of professionalism. Shara knows him too well to be fooled. Cassian reappears, stepping around a droid carrying a platter of empty fluted glasses, and Shara steps forward to take his arm immediately. "Can we go?" He brushes a stray hair away from her forehead and smiles. "Yes, we can go. I extended our sincerest thanks to the House Sindian for all they have done." Shara presses close to his side – she's feeling affectionate, and grateful for how smoothly the night has gone. The warmth of his body, the solidity of his ribs, the way his arm curls around her waist, all confirm that this is real, that they've done well. "Your attendance was most appreciated, Your Grace," prattles the protocol droid as it proffers them their capes. "It was a true honor to receive guests from the late Noble Houses of Alderaan." Cassian gives him a nod, and Shara says thank you as she takes her cape. Kes catches himself as he reaches for it, and Cassian takes it instead, settling it over her shoulders. The same feeling of fraught exhilaration that accompanied all of Cassian's intelligence missions before settles over him as they walk towards the ship, Shara still tucked under his arm. Hidden by the cape, his other hand is on his blaster, just in case. Kes walks backward to keep an eye on the manor and its guests as they make their way down the flight runway. There's nothing. No last minute attempt to detain them, no arrival of Imperial troops. It seems too easy: but after Scarif, everything feels too easy. Cassian takes a deep breath and lets it go. The ship's hatch seals shut behind them. "Should we check for trackers?" Shara whispers, barely moving her red, red lips. "I've got a scanner to run," Cassian says, "before we can take off." He moves past her to the cockpit, checking the dashboard and clicking a few buttons. When he brings the scanner back to the entry chamber, Shara is in Kes' arms, the green dress pooled at her waist so that she could wrap her legs around his strong hips. The thigh holster is on full display. "Sorry," Kes says, "Should we–" "You're fine," Cassian says, checking the scanner. The ship is clean. "Although you might want to hold onto something, I'm gonna get us up." Shara wraps her arms around Kes' neck. "I am holding onto something." Cassian rolls his eyes, but something in his chest throbs because he loves them. Kriffing shit, he loves them. "Cassian," Kes says, louder, and, Cassian realizes, for the second time. "Come here?" Cassian gives himself a little shake and brings the scanner towards them. Kes reaches out for him with one hand, catching Cassian's elbow and drawing him in the last foot, holding him there to kiss him. Cassian lets himself melt against Kes' warm mouth for a minute before he mutters, Kes still kissing his chin, "Not a successful mission 'til we actually get out alive, you know." "Let's go," Kes agrees. He follows Cassian back to the cockpit, Shara still clinging to his shoulders, legs wrapped around his waist – Cassian takes the pilot's seat and Kes eases down into the other seat with Shara in his lap. Shara grabs Cassian's hand as he lets go of the brake lever, squeezing his fingers. "Let's go home." Cassian smiles back at her. "How do you feel about a slight detour?" "The bunk in the back is a fold-out," Kes says, thoughtfully. "I've always been curious about how the autopilot on this model compares to my old airbus," Shara says, casual like she's not spreading her thighs already, Kes' hands creeping up to remove the thigh holster with a loud snap . Notes: By @monscarisaac on Tumblr! Chapter 10 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 7th Month Shara hates doctors. It's nothing about them as beings, or even about their profession. She just hates having to take the time out of doing real things to sit still and get poked and prodded and told what she already knows: she's fine. But she's already skipped the last two post-mission wellness checks. If she misses a third, then it doesn't matter how good a flyer she is. She'll be grounded. So now she's shivering in her long underwear on a metal cot. At least she's not alone in the indignity: Luke had come in the same time as she had, and there are another three pilots that are just finishing up. At least it doesn't look like it'll take too long. The med droid's already taken her blood sample and has gone over to the main computer to run the results. "You wouldn't think they'd need us in our underwear for that," Commander Skywalker says, his teeth chattering. Commander. He can't be more than 22 standards. "I think it's just funny to them," Shara agrees. She rubs her arms uselessly. Nothing short of a hot shower and curling up in bed with her boys is going to thaw her after this. Luke shakes his head balefully. His neck cracks, and he winces. "I just got back from a 72-hour to Vjun," he says. "What about you?" Shara laughs. "Nobody likes a show off, Skywalker. I did a 32 scouting, and a 48 before that, taking the newbies out on their first uppers." "Aw," Luke says. "So young and precious." "I think eighty percent of them are older than you are, sir." Shara can't help laughing. Even though he's a commanding officer, there's something open and welcoming about Luke Skywalker. "And they're all wondering why they thought flying was cool right about now," she adds. "It is cool," Luke protests. "It's just terrifying at first." "It's terrifying when your body isn't used to stims," Shara agrees. She waves to the med droid as it rolls past. "Hey, Tee-Two, what's taking so long?" [Apologies for the delay in projected runtime, Lieutenant Bey], the droid beeps. It does not sound sorry. [There may be an anomaly in the initial scan. Secondary scan required.] "What kind of anomaly?" Shara asks, glancing over at Luke and then away again. If it's bad news, she's got shit luck for company: Skywalker has had enough tragedy of his own, he doesn't need hers, and he doesn't strike her as particularly comforting under pressure. [Hormonal], chirps TX-222, as though that explains anything . Luke makes an unconscious face, and then flushes when Shara catches him. She just laughs and shakes her head. "I won't give you any cooties, Commander." "I know that." Luke sounds indignant. "I wasn't – that wasn't an embarrassed face, that was a Force face." "A Force face," Shara repeats. She raises her eyebrows at him. "What does that mean?" "It is the face that I make while accessing the powers of the Force," Luke says. "Mostly it involves closing my eyes and flaring my nostrils." "I got that, Commander," Shara says flatly. She figures it's probably rude to ask any more about a Jedi's connection to the Force. She fights the urge to get up and put her clothes back on already. It's freezing down here. She settles for drumming her fingers on her thigh while she waits for this... anomaly to be accounted for. It's nothing. It must be? It must be nothing. If it's hormonal it isn't serious, probably. It isn't any of the things pilots have nightmares about, anyway. She's just due for her period. That's gotta be it; there are still woefully few human female pilots, so the med droids just aren't used to seeing estrogen and progesterone and... whatever. [Commander Skywalker], the droid beeps. [You are cleared for active duty. Please report to General Mon Mothma for your next assignment at 0400.] "Thanks, Tee-Two," Luke says, getting up to put on his flight suit. TX-222 trundles out of the room, and Shara stares after it with resignation. Honestly, trust this standard visit to eat up her entire free afternoon when she could be spending it with Kes and Cassian. Luke hops off of his metal cot and starts the long, involved process of bundling up enough to survive the drafty corridors of the base, lined with ever-higher snow dunes and icicles. "See you around," Shara says, "Get some sleep before your next 72-hour flight, yeah?" "I plan to," Luke says, sighing as he pulls on the first layer of sweater. "Gonna make a cup of cocoa and sleep my whole day off." "Sounds about right," Shara nods. "I could sleep for a week." Luke's young face emerges from the neckline of a third sweater, and he smiles at her. "Well, enjoy it." Laughing, Shara crosses her arms and shivers. "Yeah, I said I could , I doubt that'll go over well with the whole war effort." "Well." Luke pulls the drawstring on his sweatpants. "There is that, I guess. Maybe the Empire will be nice for a day." "Maybe," Shara nods. It's what pilots toast to: the maybes. He hops back up onto his cot to start the process of lacing his boots back up again before putting on his gloves. Along the far side of the wall, the medical officers' door slides open and Dr. Nelvo comes out. "Commander Skywalker," the doctor nods, and walks past Luke to Shara. "Lieutenant Bey." "Morning," Shara says. "You can go ahead and put your clothes back on," the doctor smiles. "No need to freeze to death getting a check up." "Thank fuck," Shara mutters, and scrambles for her pants. "Tee-Two said there was some kinda anomaly? With my blood work?" "Yes, Lieutenant." Shara looks up, pants still at her knees. "Is it—" The doctor glances over her shoulder, to where Skywalker is getting to his feet. "I'm on my way out," Luke says, and throws Shara a little salute as he opens the door. She salutes him back, because he is her commanding officer, even though he's a tiny child from a sand planet. "So?" She asks, turning back to the doctor. "Honestly, if it's bad I'd rather you just tell me." "Well, Lieutenant, whether it's bad depends on how you feel about children," says Dr. Nelvo. Shara blinks. "I – what?" "Lieutenant Bey, you're pregnant." The doctor smiles gently. "About six weeks." "Six weeks." Shara's already counting in her head, and – it works, given the last time she had her period. Six weeks seems like an eternity and like nothing at all. Six weeks isn't even really safe . "And it's – everything looks good?" "Well, we only did a basic pilot's' scan and some preliminary bloodwork, but if you don't mind taking some of your layers off, we can do a more targeted scan." Dr.Nelvo laughs at the look on Shara's face. "Maybe just... two layers off, and we can roll up your other shirts?" Shara nods, and she barely even feels the cold this time as she scoots up on the cot and rolls up her shirts. "What, um, what can you tell at this point?" A tall, square-bellied droid shushes over to them and detaches its arm so that the doctor can use it as a scanning wand. "What would you like to know, Lieutenant?" Shara stares at the ceiling and bites her lip. "Kriff, I don't know – six weeks is so early, I guess I just – want to be sure everything's okay." "We can do that," assures the doctor, her voice warm and gentle. "Thanks," Shara says, quietly. She chews the inside of her lip, watching the doctor ease the wand over her stomach. "Definitely fully human," says Dr. Nelvo, almost to herself, as she stares at the holo-data scrolling over the droid's compscreen. "Roughly six weeks gestation... single embryo..." Shara huffs a laugh. "Force, I don't think I could handle twins right now." The doctor smiles. "It looks like the embryo is implanted safely." Letting out a breath, Shara closes her eyes. She hadn't expected to feel this relieved . She reaches out reflexively to grip Dr. Nelvo's free hand. The doctor squeezes her hand back. "Would you like to see if we can hear a heartbeat?" "Please," Shara nods. "It's not a sure thing this early," warns the doctor as she nods to the droid, who beeps and opens a second port. "But you can come back next week to try again." "Can I come back next week anyway?" Shara's laugh is a little watery, and she's blinking hard. "Of course!" "Okay." Shara exhales deeply. "I'm gonna need all the holo-pamphlets you've got, too, I'm just warning you now," she tells the doctor. "I'm gonna be a real pain in your ass." "That's what I like to hear." A tiny hum pours from the helper-droid's open port. "And... so is that." She grins. "Shara Bey, meet your baby." "Oh," Shara says, clutching at the doctor's hand and staring down at her stomach. "Wow." It's – Real, a person. A human person, fortunately, according to the doctor. Not that there was much chance of it being otherwise. And already, in a very small way, communicating with her. The same comforting shushing sound that her ship makes at lightspeed, like they're the only two things in the galaxy. "I—" She has to cough. "Is, when should I, can I still fly? Should I stop? What do I do?" The doctor nods. "You're fine to keep flying for now, although we'll want to discuss a plan for later in your pregnancy. For right now, all you have to do is take care of yourself. That does mean no stims, but you can still have caf as long as it's only a little. Get plenty of sleep. We'll put a note in your report that you need longer between missions." The doctor puts down the wand and goes to switch off the audio. "Can I—" Shara grabs her comm unit out of her jacket pocket. "Is it okay if I, um, record that? Before you turn it off?" "Zeezee here can give you a clear recording if you'd like." She nods at the big, square droid, who beeps cheerfully in response. "But we can keep listening another minute." Shara relaxes, leaning back again. "Please." The hum, like hyperspace, doesn't pause or change shape: it just is . That's the most amazing thing of all. Shara counts down from thirty and then gives the doctor a nod. "I'll let you get back to your other patients now," she says ruefully. "Thank you, though." "You're very welcome, Lieutenant Bey. It's not often I get to be the bearer of happy news." She places the wand back into the droid's ports and peels off her duraprene gloves. "Zeezee will give you a holochip recording and set up a time for your follow-up." "Thank you," Shara repeats, and when the doctor has left the room, gives the droid a hug impulsively. "Thank you, too." * * * The excitement sits uneasily in Shara's stomach, and eating is the last thing she wants to do right now, but they've had standing dinner plans since before she left. It's been almost four full days since she saw either of their scruffy faces. She knows she's late. The mess is a blast of noise and warmth and smells as soon as the door slides open, and Shara joins the tail-end of the line to grab some lukewarm remains of dinner. Kes and Cassian are tucked into a table toward the far end, and they both light up when she makes eye contact. Cassian even waves, just to be sure she's noticed them. Shara carries over a tray with some soup just barely steaming and the heel of a loaf of bread. "There she is," Kes grins. "The deadliest pilot in the rebellion." Shara smiles, more at the sound of Kes' raspy, beloved voice than what he's said. "And there they are, the Rebellion's biggest moof-milkers." "We can't all be hotshot pilots," Cassian shrugs, and pushes over a cup of caf. "Just how you like it." "I—" Shara almost says, I've already had three today, that's probably too much , but she stops, and smiles. At least it'll warm her hands. "Gracias, love." Cassian's smile blooms like the first time she called him by the endearment, and he ducks his head, spoons into his soup. Kes stands from his bench and leans across the table to cup Shara's chin in one hand and kiss her lightly. "How was the mission?" Shara hasn't even graced the mission – either of them – with another thought since she stepped out of the clinic. She blinks. "Oh, it was fine. Routine." "Good." Kes smiles and pecks her mouth again before he sits beside Cassian. "Sit, sit! Eat." "Yeah," Shara says. The bread, at least, is easy enough to keep down. She tears off a piece and dips it in the soup, eats slowly. Cassian rubs his ankle against hers under the table. "Are you all right? Tired?" "Exhausted," Shara laughs. "Don't tell anyone, but I pulled more hours active duty than Skywalker did the last four days." Cassian looks impressed and gives her a little salute, even as he steals some of her bread. Shara would fight him for it, but it's not even that good. Everything tastes a little funny, now that she thinks about it, has for a couple weeks now. She can't help grinning to herself. "What?" Kes asks. He smiles at her, too, like it's contagious. "What's funny?" Shara shakes her head. "Just glad to be home." "We're glad to have you back," Cassian says. "The room doesn't feel like home without you." "I do light up a room," Shara grins. Mamá always said that: You're so easily excited, mija. Light up like a lumen. Both of her boys roll their eyes, but she knows they agree. Cassian nudges her foot again with the toe of his boot. "Your check-up went well, then?" "We were a little worried, since you were late," Kes adds. Shara opens her mouth, but the words catch in her throat. She doesn't want to tell them like this, in the mess hall over cold soup, while the table of Ongree and Aqualish just beside them slurp up worms. "I'm good," she says. "Nearly froze to death, sitting around in my underwear, but I'm fine." "Good," Kes says. His spoon clangs against the empty bottom of his bowl, and he pushes back enough to rest his elbows on the table. "Then when you're done, we can welcome you home properly." "You don't have shifts?" Shara glances between them. It would be perfect, if all three of them were off the whole night. "I'm on at 0600," Cassian says, "Field patrol. But you've got a couple hours before I smell like tauntaun." They can make it work. They have before, although Shara's never had to figure out whether to tell them important news before the celebratory sex or after. "Okay." She drops her spoon into the last inch of soup. "I think I'm done, anyway. It's no good cold." "You sure?" Cassian looks skeptical. "I can go warm it up for you—" "Yeah, I'm sure," Shara nods. "I'll get something later, yeah?" Nodding slowly, Cassian finishes his cup of caf and then Shara's too. Kes takes all three trays and walks them over to the chute in the wall, then sanitizes his hands at the station before he puts his gloves back on and takes Shara's hand. Shara finds herself swaying between them on the wall back to the room: leaning into Kes' shoulder and then Cassian's, where he walks on her other side. "You sure you're all right?" Kes asks her. He squeezes her hand and squints his eyes. He's got windburn on his cheekbones again. "You seem different." Shara nods, tries to bite back her smile before it betrays her. She wonders if he suspects. Their door opens with a shudder like it iced shut while she was gone. Cassian follows them inside and sits at the foot of her cot, watching as Kes shrugs out of his jacket and helps Shara out of hers. Kes shivers and trots around to the corners of the room to switch on their space heaters. "Okay, now we won't freeze our butts off," Kes says, and he grins at Shara. She grins back, and licks her lips, suddenly feeling extra chapped. She should've come up with a plan for this. "So," Cassian says. He kicks off his boots and lies back on the bed so that his neck looks long and open and pretty. "What do you feel like doing?" Shara feels like rubbing every inch of herself over every inch of him, his soft sweet smile included. "Yeah," Kes says, coming up behind her and wrapping his arms around her waist. "Lady's choice." His hands are resting on her belly. Shara has to pull away a little because there's a flush of emotion she doesn't quite recognize, and it makes her eyes itch. She can't cry right now, not even out of happiness. "I – I wanna get out of this flight suit," she settles on. Kes nods, and Cassian leans forward to help, and between the two of them she's out of her clothes in a minute, standing between Kes and the edge of the mattress in her underwear. She shivers. "You too, both of you. Body heat." She can feel Kes undressing behind her – his toes nudge her heels, his knee knocks her thigh, his shirt brushes her elbow as he drops it, but she gets to watch Cassian. She runs her hand over his chest and around the curve of his ribs, the warm skin battered with tiny scars all over, as he shrugs out of his undershirt. She crawls onto the mattress to help tug his trousers off, running her hands over the soft hair on his upper thighs, turning to Kes to ask why he's not already in bed with them. He's following right behind her, though. He's already naked, half-hard. There's a bruise on his hip that she doesn't recognize. Kes follows her glance and touches tenderly at the brown-green mark. "I was moving salvage around in the hangar and some old exhaust pipe dinged me." Cassian sits up to look too, reaching out for Kes and steadying him with a hand on his opposite hip. Shara makes a little sympathetic noise and bends forward to kiss the soft skin there. It's warm against her lips, and the smell of Kes is so strong here. "Shit," Kes murmurs. "Babe." Shara is caught between them this way; Cassian's thighs frame along the backs of hers as she looks up at Kes through her eyelashes. "Haven't done this before," Kes says, voice tight, indicating their position with an awkward gesture. "Hmm," Shara hums, and she walks her fingers up the length of Kes' taut thigh. "Not with me in the middle, anyway." "That's what I meant," Kes agrees, and clears his throat once, twice. His hand settles on her shoulder and then strokes her hair, slides down her arm, restless motion like he can't make up his mind. Cassian stays quiet, a steady presence at Shara's back, waiting. Shara shrugs one shoulder and spreads her knees wider on the mattress. "Could give it a go." "Only if you want to," Kes says, cupping his hand under her chin. "Yeah, mi vida?" She kisses the heel of his hand. "Claro que sí." She twists to look back at Cassian. "¿Bueno, pues?" Cassian nods once. "I don't have to—" "I want you to," Shara interrupts. "I really, really want you to." Cassian runs his hands over Shara's back, his genius fingers massaging into the muscles knotted and sore from sitting in a cockpit that long. Kes tucks a curl behind her ear, and three more fall free. He glances between her and Cassian. "I can get the condoms?" He asks, directed to Shara, thumbing at her lower lip. "I'm—" Shara swallows around the words. "Don't bother, I... just don't bother, I wanna feel it." Cassian's hands settle at her waist, drawing her back against him and leaning over her to kiss her cheek. "Are you sure?" He sounds skeptical. Shara smiles, more for herself than for either of her boys. "Yeah, I'm sure." It isn't that she uses a condom with Cassian every time, anyway, it's just rarer than with Kes. But this baby – it could just as likely be his. "You heard her," Kes says, when Cassian doesn't respond for a second. "Give the lady what she wants, Andor." Cassian's right hand leaves Shara's lower back and she can just picture the way he's giving Kes a sarcastic salute. "Yes, sir." They're both so ridiculous and she loves them both so ridiculously much. Everything is right , right now, with them, all together like this. Even though they're living on a giant block of ice, and her lower back is so sore that she doesn't want to sit up straight for a week, and her stomach is rumbling a bit from the lack of good hot food. It doesn't matter. What matters is that they're here, and they're hers. Together they've made a baby , a real baby who is going to share its life with them all. Cassian squeezes her hip, tugs her back a little on the mattress. "Wanna make sure Kes doesn't fall off," he mutters, and Kes huffs indignantly, shuffles after them, his cock bobbing. It brushes Shara's chin, and she turns her face into it, noses at the vein along the side, breathes over Kes' balls. Kes groans under his breath. He's always been loud about this, from the very first time. "Kriff, that's pretty," Cassian whispers, his thumb tracing back and forth over Shara's hipbone. It's almost ticklish, makes her squirm back against him. "Uh-huh." Kes' voice is low, rolling through his broad chest. He gathers Shara's hair back with both hands. Shara hums her thanks – she hates getting her hair in her mouth like this, and it inevitably happens if she doesn't have it braided or tied back. She mouths at the base of his cock. His skin is so warm everywhere she's touching – her chin brushing his thigh and her nose touching the crease of his hip and her fingertips brushing his knee. She loves Kes' knees. They used to be so knobbly. She loved them then, too. She focuses on that as she leans back to take the head into her mouth, thinks hard about Kes' face the first time they did this. He'd had a terrible little wispy mustache. It makes her laugh, which is a mistake, and she has to fight back her throat's reflexive panic, ease off his cock and tuck her face against his hip for a moment. "You laughin' at me?" Kes slurs, but he doesn't sound upset. "Again?" "Always," Shara promises. "Ugh." Kes tries to grunt derisively, but it doesn't work when Shara licks over the slit of his cockhead and his voice cracks high and reedy instead. Cassian groans this time, their voices threading together above her, and Shara closes her lips just over the head of Kes' cock and sucks, wanting to hear them louder still. Cassian still isn't inside her, and she wriggles back against him to ask him to fuck her already . One hand tightens on her hip, a silent acknowledgment, his other hand spreading across the small of her back. The heat of his palm loosens the knot of tension in the muscles there, like he knew without her saying that she was still sore. Her back can wait, though. She wriggles her hips until his cock slips between her thighs and presses against her cunt just right; until she can rub her clit against the thick vein that runs up the shaft. The friction isn't perfect. His cock slips away when she rolls her hips, and Cassian inhales sharply. He curls his arm around her waist, cups his hand like a guide to keep his cock in place for her to grind down on. Shara's mouth slips off Kes' cock as she tries to kneel back closer to Cassian. Kes groans, scooting forward to follow her, and Shara balances her weight on one hand so she can use the other to jerk him off placatingly. Cassian guides his cock back, sliding against her cunt, and then gently rocks forward, the head rubbing right up against her clit again. "Come on," Shara mumbles, and her lips brush Kes' dick too lightly to be anything satisfying. "Cassian, please." "I could get you off like this," Cassian offers, softly. Sometimes he's still hesitant with her, and tonight Shara can't help but be endeared by it, as much as she wants him. "Another time," Shara says, and she looks back over her shoulder to smile at Cassian. He's flushed red all down his cheeks and neck, the pink spreading across his chest. "I want you to come in me tonight. If that's what you want." Kes makes a small, wanting sound, and Cassian glances at him over Shara's head. He nods, slowly. "Please. I want what you want, Shara." Shara nods and turns back to face Kes' pretty red cock again. Behind her, Cassian moves closer, dipping the mattress beneath Shara's knees. He brushes his fingertips over where she's wettest. He's so close now that their thighs press and stick together with the light sweat between them, and he has to lean back to guide the head of his cock to follow his fingers. Shara has to pull her mouth away from Kes again and hunch into herself to moan at the feeling of Cassian sliding inside. "Oh," Cassian hisses, "Shara, dulzura." His blunt nails dig into her hip, and when he's deep enough not to slip free, his guiding hand between her legs comes up to mark her other hip. "Hard, okay?" Shara murmurs, and she's already panting. Cassian lifts her hips and pulls her down on his cock as he angles up on the first thrust. "Like that?" He says, and grinds deep, pulling back and rocking back slowly, in decisive strokes. "Or this, Shara?" "Fuck," Kes says, somewhere above them. "First – one," Shara hisses. "Fuck, baby." Cassian bends over her and kisses her back, scattering kisses across her shoulder blades, biting at the bump of her spine at the nape of her neck. He rolls his hips up, wrapping an arm around her again and using the leverage to pull her down on his cock. Shara exhales hard and closes her eyes, trying to guide Kes' cock back to her mouth – she misses, the velvety head brushing against her cheek. Cassian angles up and the intensity of it makes Shara's back arch reflexively, her tongue sliding against the head of Kes' cock before she closes her mouth to keep her teeth from doing the same. "Shh, it's okay," Kes says; he tucks some of Shara's hair behind her ear. "I can wait." Shara tries to look up at him but her head feels impossibly heavy, and Kes' thumb brushes gently at her temple, all she needs to know he's sincere. "Sorry," she gasps. "I can't—" "It's okay," Kes says again, and then the bed shifts enough that Cassian stumbles forward on his knees and jolts into Shara in a way that makes her yelp. "Sorry," Cassian breathes, "sorry, are you – do you want me to—" "I'm all right, just – wrong angle," Shara says. She adjusts her knees. "We can move," Cassian offers, quickly, petting her hip. "Whatever you want." "Yeah, stop for a second, Cassian," Kes says, "Let's move a little." Kes' big hands cover Cassian's on Shara's hips and they lift her hips. Cassian eases back, holding Shara steady as he slides free. "There, just—" Kes kisses Shara's mouth and down over her neck before he lies flat on the thin mattress and settles Shara over him so that he can brace her for Cassian even as he kisses her face and sucks at her tits. Shara sighs and props herself on her elbows, pushing her hands into Kes' hair. "Hi, baby." Cassian leans over her back, nuzzling the nape of her neck and catching Kes' eyes over her shoulder. Kes tips his chin up enough that Cassian can just reach his mouth for a brief kiss, both of them pressed tight up against either side of Shara. "Mmm," Shara hums, shifting between them. "This is nice." Kes nods, and Shara guesses that Cassian must too, his chin grazing her shoulder before he kisses her there, warm lips soothing the tingle of his stubble. Kes puts his mouth back on her breast, and she shivers between the two points of contact. Cassian's cock is sticky against the inside of her thigh, and Shara tries to shift to meet it. Cassian must reach down to help guide it, because when she angles back they slide together perfectly , in one gliding motion. "Fuck," Shara gasps, tugging Kes' hair and arching her back. It presses her ass to Cassian's thighs, the cradle of his sharp hipbones. "Better?" Kes asks her gently. He tucks her loose hair back behind her ears again. "So good," she murmurs, pressing her forehead to his. "So kriffing good." Cassian is still mouthing at her shoulder, and he's warm all up her back, so full inside her that she feels almost heavy with it in the best way. Under her, Kes' cock brushes against her belly as he moves to scrape his teeth lightly over the curve of her breast. Shara could almost tell them both right then – she won't, that would be ridiculous, it would mean stopping to talk about feelings and plans – but she can't help laughing, imagining it. "What?" Cassian whispers in her ear. "I can feel you laughing." Shara shakes her head, nose bumping Kes'. "You just feel good," she says. "You make me feel good." "Good." Cassian sets his lips at the curve of her neck and bites just hard enough that she'll have a pale pink bruise for a day or two. Shivering, Shara presses her face into the crook of Kes' sturdy neck, lets her boys rock her between them. Kes' cock is smearing damp under her belly button, and if Cassian gets off soon, if Kes lasts until then, maybe she can have him too. "Love you," Kes whispers in her ear. The rough pad of his thumb brushes over her clit. She squirms between them. Cassian has straightened and found a rhythm that works the head of his cock over her g-spot every other stroke. With Kes pressing his thumb just to the side of her clit it's almost too easy for her to come, gasping. "Beautiful." Kes kisses all along her hairline. "You're beautiful." "So beautiful," Cassian echoes, voice faint, his hands gripping her hips like he's trying to make up for it. Shara nods and catches her breath, the smell of Kes' fresh sweat sweet in her face, and then she lifts her head and laughs, breathless. "I'm pregnant." Kes stares at her, and she gets to watch his eyes go huge, his mouth go slack. Cassian has gone absolutely still, and she can feel his cock twitching, protesting the sudden change. "You – really?" Kes asks. He blinks like Shara is a supernova exploding too bright right in front of him. "I should—" Cassian stammers, and pulls back, sitting down hard on the mattress. He strokes Shara's ankle absently. "No," Shara whines, still laughing. "I didn't mean you should stop fucking me." Kes laughs too, his hand coming up from between them a little sticky, stroking her face. "You could have anticipated that, abeja, you can't just tell us something like this and expect us not to stop everything." Shara pouts, but it's melodramatic and silly, and she collapses into a naked heap over their tangled legs. Kes grunts at her sudden weight and hauls her to rest on the mattress by his side, wrapping an arm around her and gesturing for Cassian. Cassian, who still looks blank-faced with shock, staring at the sheets. Shara reaches out for him and touches his knee. Cassian actually jumps at the gentle touch. "Hey," Kes says, softly. "Cassian, c'mere." Cassian swallows, visibly, and licks his lips. His hands are folded in his lap, over his cock – only half-hard now, pink and sticky and awkward-looking – and his fingers are trembling. "Maybe I should go," he says, "I don't mind, I'm sure you want to talk, and." "Why would we want you to go?" Shara squeezes his knee. "Are you – do you not want children?" Cassian laughs, sharp and a little ugly. "This isn't exactly something we talked about," he says. "You're married, and now you're having a baby, it's—" " We're having a baby," Shara and Kes correct in the same voice. Kes pulls his arm free from beneath Shara and sits up, hauling Cassian in with one hand under his knee. "Come here ," he says, quietly. "We're not doing this without you, you idiot." "Unless you don't want us," Shara whispers. "I mean, in that way, as a family. If you don't want the baby, then we're not going to make you stay." Kes looks at her and then back at Cassian. "You said you wanted that," he says, his hand still gripping Cassian's leg. "We talked about it, has that – did that change?" Kes had assumed that since the three of them started this, that those dreams were part of it , no need for discussion. "Of course I want it," Cassian says, and he waves his hands like he's trying to clear cobwebs from in front of his eyes. "It's why I'm here. To help build a better future." Kes pulls his hand away. Shara sits up, slowly, pulling the sheet around her. The chill in the room, banished in their previous excitement, has seeped back in. "Then what's the problem?" Kes asks. His brow furrows. He looks the way he always has when he's trying to solve a particularly difficult puzzle. Cassian shakes his head, rubs one hand over his mouth. "I guess... I thought that you would at least want to discuss it, between the two of you." "There is no 'two of us' anymore," Shara says quietly. "There are either three of us or four of us. Me, Kes, and the baby, or me, Kes, the baby, and you." Cassian wipes at his face again, this time pinching the bridge of his nose, rubbing at one eye. His knuckles come away wet, and Kes takes his hand before Cassian can wipe it off. "Please," Kes says. "Please what?" Cassian asks. His voice sounds thick. "Let's do this again," Kes says, smiling all wobbly. "We'll pretend Shara doesn't have the worst timing in the world and then all three of us are gonna get really excited about it, okay?" "You're really okay with it?" Cassian asks. "With me, staying, I mean." "Fucking Force," Kes says, lifting his eyes to the ceiling. They're watery, glittering when he looks back at Cassian. "Yes!" Shara nods. "We don't know whose it is, anyway," she points out, very quietly. "Ours," Kes says promptly, gripping Cassian's hand. "Okay?" "I... you think it might be mine?" Cassian's voice cracks. His eyes are so round he almost looks like an Utai, and Shara can't help laughing at him. "It's not like we haven't fucked," she points out. She's still slick, a little open from his cock, and just saying the word makes her thighs clench. "Oh." He finally blinks. "Right." "Science," Kes observes solemnly. "I just—" Cassian keeps blinking and starts to shake his head. His hand shakes when he reaches out toward Shara. "Can I... I don't know, can I touch you?" Cassian's fingers are cold when he lays his hand flat against her belly. They're all silent for a moment. "You feel the same," Cassian says, finally. "I don't know what I expected." Shara bites her lip. "I have a recording of the heartbeat, if you—" "Yes!" yelps Kes from behind her. "What are you waiting for, woman?" "I don't know!" Shara laughs. "I was serious about that do-over," Kes says. "Can we all just lay down and Shara can play us the recording and we can react like normal people?" Shara and Cassian nod, and Kes rolls off the bed as they shift to sit side by side against the headboard. "All right." He bounces on his toes on the cold floor. "Where's the holo? I'll get it. You stay there under the blankets. Where is it?" "In my coat pocket," Shara gestures, and Kes rifles through every pocket in her overcoat until he finds it. Shara, meanwhile, finds Cassian's hand under the covers, and twines their fingers together. "Hey," she murmurs to him. "Are you really okay with this?" She rests her lips against his shoulder as she waits for the answer. Cassian nods, leaning his chin against her head. Kes comes back to the bed triumphantly, tossing the comm chip into Shara's lap. Shara's fingers are shaking as she turns the device over. She picks it up and holds it like it's precious. "You ready for this?" "The holo or the baby?" Kes asks. He doesn't get right back into bed, instead looking over his shoulder as he pulls on sweatpants. Shara laughs, and presses the button. The same rhythmic shushing that she heard in the clinic earlier fills the room. They sit beside each other, all in a row, warm bare skin pressed together under the sheets. "When does the baby start?" Kes asks, after a minute. Cassian makes a choked, amused noise. "That is the baby, kriff." "What!" Kes yelps. "Don't ever let her know I couldn't tell her from engine noise!" "It could be a boy," Shara says, faintly. Kes looks even more overwhelmed at that. "It could be a boy." "It could be neither," Cassian says, and he presses his face into Shara's shoulder again. "We'll love them no matter what," Shara agrees. Kes nods. His eyes are shiny, the tip of his nose red. "We should holocall my mom and dad," Shara says. She looks at Kes and lifts her chin to ask for kisses. "Do you know – when did you – how far along you are?" Cassian asks, suddenly. "They'll want to know," he adds. "Six weeks." Shara turns and tips her face for a kiss from him, too. "Give or take." Cassian touches his mouth to hers carefully, and Shara huffs, pressing in for a deeper kiss. "We should finish fucking before we call my mom," she murmurs. "You never got to get off." "Neither did I," Kes points out, squirming a little on her other side. "Are you sure?" Cassian asks. "We don't have to, it's – this is sort of big." "Of course I'm sure," Shara says. "You don't have to treat me different just because I'm pregnant, you know." "No, I meant." Cassian shakes his head. "We all just found out, and if you want to call your mom we should... you should do that." Shara kisses his forehead. "If you don't want to, you can just say. But I know if we're gonna have sex, it should be before my mom drives me nuts." Kes is quiet, watching as Cassian takes Shara's hand and squeezes it, kisses the back of her knuckles. "I want to, Shara. Force." "Me, too." Kes wraps his arms around Shara and nuzzles into her hair. "I love you so much." "So much," Cassian echoes. He kisses her again, and finds her other hand in the sheets, gently turns the audio off. Shara blinks at the sudden onslaught of emotion caught somewhere between her chest and her throat. "I love you both. We love you." Kes' breath catches against her hair, and his hand curls against her hip under the blanket. Cassian leans his forehead against hers, and nods. Together they lay Shara back against the pillows and mattress like it's a bed tenfold more sumptuous than a bunker cot. The comm chip gets lost, falls off the side of the bed with a clatter. Shara tugs Cassian over her, wraps her arms around his neck: he still needs a little more encouragement than Kes does, and tonight of all nights Shara is glad to give it. While she's kissing Cassian, one of her hands stroking him slowly back to hardness, Kes strips out of his sweatpants and disappears under the blankets again. Shara's thighs fall open, but instead Kes rests his cheek on her belly and spans his hand across as wide as he can. "Hi, baby," Kes whispers. "Fuck," Shara curses, laughing, breathless, her hand curling reflexively around Cassian's cock. Cassian bites her lip, tugs it between his teeth. Kes keeps still, his cheek prickly and warm against her skin, until Shara wriggles. "Can't I have a moment alone with my kid?" He sighs, pinching her hip lightly. "Tickles," Shara protests. She reaches down to trace Kes' sharp jawline with her thumb. "But anytime." "Maybe just not in the middle of sex?" Cassian suggests. His voice is raspy, and his hips are working into Shara's hand in almost the same rhythm they'd shared earlier. "I guess it's weird," Kes says. He sits up and the blankets go with him, baring Shara and Cassian to the cold. "If you wait till later I'll join you," Cassian says, softer. "But we should get the lady off again, shouldn't we?" "Mmm," Kes hums. "I guess I could live with that." Shara tries to sound offended but she's so warm – physically, sandwiched between them, and mentally, in the moment – that her sigh just sounds a little wistful. Cassian is sucking at her neck, too, long kisses that make her squirm against Kes' weight on her middle. Kes sits up, bending over to kiss Shara square on the mouth before he flops over to the side of the mattress. "Maybe you could let Cassian finish what we started earlier?" He asks, nuzzling at her shoulder. "Yes, please," Shara says, and she smiles at Cassian. He's so hard in her hand, already leaking again at the tip from being worked up earlier. Cassian grins back, quietly pleased, and nods. "Should I – like this? How do you want me?" Shara hums and runs her hands from Cassian's shoulders down over his smooth, taut back and over his bum. "Just like this." Cassian's skin pebbles up under her touch with goosebumps and he nods again, shivering, and shifts more properly on top of her, holding himself up with palms either side of Shara's shoulders. "Hey." Shara drags her fuzzy, three-day-cockpit calf up the side of Cassian's leg. "I love you, you know." Cassian's eyelashes flutter, as he's leaning down to kiss her. "I love you. Do you need anything before we...?" Shara grins. "Little late for that, nerfherder." Cassian blinks, and then laughs. "I meant lube," he clarifies. "Or my mouth?" "I'm all right," Shara says. "You were doing a good job and it wasn't that long ago." His smile twitches, all of his dimples showing. Propping up on one hand, he runs the other down her side: from the curve of her breast to the curve of her hip, and then in. "You don't mind if I check for myself?" He asks sweetly. Shara bites her lip. "Please." His fingertips tickle in the crease of her hip and thigh, and then he's slipping two fingers down past her clit and inside, curling them up just right and pressing . Shara exhales high and reedy and nods in encouragement. "I could get off like this," Cassian whispers, leaning down to nose at her throat, kissing just beneath her ear. "Feeling you." Shara nods and turns her head so that he can get at more of her neck. Her nipples brush against his chest and the tension starts to coil in her nerves again like an engine priming for the jump to hyperspace, all kinetic energy and potential. Kes is there, at the edge of her pillow, watching her when she opens her eyes. His are wide and dark, a little more serious than usual given the circumstances. Cassian grinds the heel of his hand against Shara's clit and pulls his fingers free, spreads her slick like lube. "You look so good like this," Kes whispers, squeezing Shara's arm, brushing his fingers up Cassian's bicep. "Feel good like this, too," Shara says, and she tips her face for Kes to kiss. Kes nibbles at her lip, licks into her mouth with quiet energy. Shara would bet good credits on the fact that he's hard again. She hopes that he is. She's already a little sore, her lower back and legs tired from the energy of being reintroduced to gravity after three days in her A-wing and Cassian's hard thrusting earlier, but she wants Kes, too. Tonight. "What," Kes murmurs, rubbing his nose up against hers. "You're making that face." "What face?" Shara asks. Cassian hooks his chin over Kes' shoulder, and they both peer down at her. "What face?" Shara repeats. "The face you make when you think about us," Cassian says. "Yes?" The last part is directed to Kes. Kes nods. "Like you wanted to say something about it, maybe." Shara isn't sure the feeling is something she can put in words. "I was thinking I wanted both of you tonight," she says, because that's easy, and true enough. Kes' eyelashes flutter. Shara hears his breath catch. "Are you sure? It's not too much?" Shara nods. "If Cassian hurries up." She raises an eyebrow at him pointedly. He isn't even inside her yet, but she can feel him against the inside of her thigh, and she doesn't think it'll take long. Cassian shakes his head, trying to hide a smile. He keeps eye contact with Shara as he presses inside her again, so slowly that she can feel every twitch of his muscles. Shara has to look away, because her face is already feeling too hot, but when she turns her face in the pillow there's Kes, with the same searching, fond eyes. Her chest feels too small to fit her lungs and her heart at the same time, like she can't catch her breath and be this in love with them both all at once. "Breathe, abejita," Kes whispers, brushing a curl off her forehead. Shara nods, but curls her hand around the back of Kes' neck to bring him close for a kiss. His eyes are even softer up close, liquid amber she could melt into, and Shara sighs and closes her own eyes, sucks his lower lip between her teeth. Cassian's mouth finds the spot beneath her ear and his mouth is soft, too, warm and gentle. Shara sighs and wraps her leg up around Cassian's waist, urging him on. She is tired, honestly, because the mission was a long one, but she loves this, loves getting reacquainted with her boys and feeling how alive they are. How alive they make her feel. "I'm gonna—" Cassian gasps, falling forward on his elbows, nearly knocking heads with Kes. Shara nods and squeezes her hand between them to rub at her clit while Cassian's thrusts get sloppy and fast, on the edge of too deep to be comfortable. Kes reaches up to rub the back of Cassian's neck, between his shoulder blades, and Cassian shudders and goes still above Shara. Kes kisses the side of Cassian's face all over and then Shara's, too, while both of them breathe. "Sorry," Cassian whispers, when he opens his eyes and starts edging back on his knees. "Are you all right?" Shara grins at him. "So good. Missed that while I was gone." Cassian's smile is beatific, his eyes crinkling up as he pulls out and scoots over on the bed to lay beside her. "Me, too," he says softly. His hand is warm and much less tentative than before when he rests his palm over her belly. Kes makes a pleased noise and twines his fingers through Cassian's, the heel of his hand warm against Shara's skin. Shara covers both of their hands with hers and basks in the change of energy, from frantic and urgent to something softer. More stable. She still wants Kes, and the way he's poking against her hip says that he wants her, too, but it doesn't feel like it did when they stumbled into the room. "Where are we gonna live?" Kes asks, quietly. His thumb strokes the back of Shara's knuckles. Shara shrugs against the pillows. "Wherever Mon sends us, I guess." Cassian shakes his head, where it's fallen into the pillow beside Shara. "We can't just keep this up forever, though." "I hope we don't have to," Shara agrees. "But..." She squeezes their hands where they rest above her still-flat tummy. "This is why we're here, isn't it?" "No better reason," Kes says, firmly. "So we'll stay here," Shara says. "Until we can't. Until we don't have to." Cassian nods, and kisses her shoulder, leaves his mouth pressed to her skin. He shuffles to the side and nods to Kes. "You want me to take care of him instead, Shar?" "I don't mind," Kes says, squeezing Shara's hand. It should take longer for her to weigh the option – she's sore and tired and satisfied – but it isn't a question. She had already decided when she walked in the door. Shara shakes her head, and then shakes out her shoulders before she pushes Kes down flat against the mattress and slings her leg over his hips. "Oof," Kes grunts, and blinks up at her. "You sure, babe? Easier ways to do this—" "Shut up, the baby is the size of a denta bean," Shara laughs. "I'm fine ." Kes makes a face. "I meant, aren't you tired? Cassian took his sweet time." He glances over at Cassian's sleepy face, half-buried in the pillow, and grins. Shara leans down to kiss Kes, and his hands come up to cup her breasts like it's a reflex. "I'm fine . I like how you feel this way." Kes rubs his nose against hers and his lips bump hers as he talks. "You aren't too sore?" Shara mock-glares at him and tightens up around his cock inside her until he squeaks. "I'm. Fine ." Kes kisses her apologetically, tucks his chin so he can mouth at her breast, too. "He's just trying to be nice," Cassian murmurs, watching them from the pillow. "That's me," Kes agrees. He is being nice, too, not mentioning the fact she's still keeping her weight off him, hasn't taken more than the first couple inches of his cock inside. "It'd be nice if you made me come again," Shara muses. "That'd be really nice." Kes leans up and nips at her lower lip. "Yeah?" His hands are still on her tits, and he rubs his thumbs over her nipples. "Can I touch your clit?" "Mmm-hmm," Shara says, and she sinks deeper onto him. Her eyes flutter closed. Slowly, Kes slides one hand down her stomach – fingers slotting across ribs, curling at her waist, her hip – and between her legs. He rubs his thumb where they're joined, spreading her slick up to her clit. "So fucking wet," he breathes, hips rolling up helplessly for a moment. "Some of it's Cassian," Shara admits, but that just makes Kes huff a soft moan. He presses the pad of his thumb in a slow circle around her clit, and rocks his hips up again. His stomach is trembling with how hard he's trying to control himself after waiting this long. Shara draws her hands across his chest and down over his stomach – he's skinnier than he used to be, living on long days without enough food for a man his size, and he has more muscle than he did before they reunited on Yavin, too. "Babe," Kes mutters, licking his lips. His thumb is moving faster over her clit. "Please." "Okay," Shara agrees, nodding. She'd agree to almost anything for Kes, and she can't remember a time when that wasn't true. Kes moves his free hand up and curls it around the nape of her neck, easing her down a little and within easy kissing distance again. His mouth is soft and distracted against hers. "You first," he breathes. "Yeah?" Shara breathes against his lips and starts to rock over him, slow and thorough, and Cassian's hands find her hips to help her balance. "Fuck," Kes groans, stretching beneath her, heels digging into the mattress. "You feel incredible, Shara—" "You, too," Shara mutters, and she doesn't want to talk as much as she wants to focus on making this good for him, her Kes, such a good man. "So kriffing good," Kes continues, and he hasn't gotten the memo about shutting up apparently, his jaw slack as he groans and swears again. Shara nods and tilts forward enough that the head of his cock catches just right inside her. She trusts Cassian's hands to keep her upright. Kes gasps and his thumb slips, presses hard just to the side of her clit. Shara swears under her breath and moves faster. Kes swallows hard, his Adam's apple bobbing almost painfully. His hand at her neck cradles the back of her head for a moment and then he loosens his touch, finger-combs through her curls before gripping a handful of them and tugging. Shara swears again and tightens down on him. She doesn't balance on Kes at all anymore, both of her hands busy with her nipples. Besides her core strength, only Cassian's grip on her waist and hip, and Kes' hand in her hair are keeping her upright. If she closes her eyes it feels like zero-grav, like she's suspended between them. Kes says something, low and filthy, and flicks his thumb at her clit with a rhythm that makes her squirm, trying to seat herself deeper on his cock. There's no way he'll last long, once she's got him totally enveloped in the wet, wet heat of her body and the mess that Cassian left behind. Kes tightens his hand in her hair and groans. "Shara, sweetheart." His thumb has gone clumsy on her clit, sliding with how slippery her skin is. "You waitin' for me?" Shara grunts in the negative. "Not sure I'm gonna this time," she says regretfully. Kes looks equally disappointed, even distracted, and his hand in her hair goes soft, cradling her neck. "Anything I can do? You need something else?" Shara shakes her head. "No, I think I'm good... just wanna feel you." Cassian has kept quiet during this exchange, but he scoots closer to Kes on the mattress, leaning his head against Kes' shoulder. "My offer still stands," he reminds them. "I can finish him off if you need a break, Shar." She shakes her head again, more fervently. "I'm good. I promise." Kes hesitates for a minute, glancing at Cassian and then back to Shara, but nods. "Guess you're both just waiting on me then," he huffs. Shara smiles at him and lets the tip of her thumb tease against his lower lip. It just barely slides into his mouth as Kes flicks his tongue against it, a tiny suck. "Take your time." Kes shudders, his teeth grazing the pad of her finger, and rocks up into her, once and then twice, helpless little movements of his hips, and moans, closing his eyes and turning to hide his face in Cassian's hair. Shara sighs into the feeling, and she keeps rocking until he starts to go soft. Kes whines, and peers up at her with shiny eyes. His hand slips out of her hair and down to her waist, gently pushing at her hip. "Okay, that's—" Shara nods and clenches once, teasing still, as she pulls up and off of him. "Thank you," she murmurs, once she's collapsed at his side. She kisses Kes' chest over the place his heart is still pounding. He grunts, and turns immediately onto his side, slinging an arm over her waist and tucking his face into her neck. Cassian follows, spooning up behind him, and reaching for Shara again. "You know what you said when we started this?" He asks, quietly. Shara opens one eye and peeks over Kes' shoulder. "I don't remember. I probably said a lot of things, knowing me." "You said you weren't in charge." Cassian's voice is fond and sleepy. "You were lying out your ass, Bey." Shara grins. "I guess I was." She swallows, her smile gentling. "But I don't think I'm in charge anymore." Kes huffs and Cassian touches her hip softly, his fingers drawing a symbol she doesn't recognize. "What d'you call all that, then?" Cassian smiles at her crookedly over Kes' arm. "I'm just... I think after tonight, the baby's gonna be in charge, kinda," she says softly. "I'd already do anything for them." "Hell of a last stand," Kes yawns, smiling so wide his jaw pops. "You'll still be in charge of us, though, don't you think?" "It's not like everything is going to change," Cassian agrees sleepily. Shara laughs softly. She'll let them think so, she decides. For now. She may have only just found out she's going to be a mother, but her intuition is already thrumming. This baby is going to change everything. Chapter 11 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 0 ABY, 8th Month It's a week and a half before Cassian has their room to himself, and dares to type the code Jyn had sent after their last conversation into his comm unit. He sits on the edge of the bed, wondering if it's going to go through. "Cassian?" She's thinner than she was when they last spoke, but her hair is infinitely neater, braided prettily away from her face. She looks like she's slept. "Jyn!" Cassian has to twist his hands together in his lap to keep them from jittering. "I wasn't sure if you would have video." "I do, I do, hold on a minute—" the image goes fuzzy and everything bursts with sound for a moment before there's a thud and then quiet. "Sorry, I had to duck into a back room. Is everything all right?" Cassian nods for a good ten seconds before remembering to speak, too. "Yes, I'm fine, are you – are you safe, right now, can you talk?" "I'm safe, I'm safe, I'm good." Jyn's image rustles, then steadies, like she's set the commlink down. "What's wrong?" "Nothing is wrong," Cassian says. "Nothing is wrong at all." Jyn looks skeptical. "People don't usually say that so much if there's not an issue." Cassian shakes his head, pushes his too-long hair out of his face. "No, no, no, everything is good." He laughs, bewildered. "Everything is so good that maybe we died after all, you know? I don't know what to do with all this... happiness." "Now I'm really worried," Jyn says, slowly, like he might have a concussion and not understand what she's saying. "Jyn," Cassian says, and a grin spreads across his face. "We're having a baby. Me and Shara and Kes, I mean, not – us, we." "I assumed," Jyn laughs, and she looks ten years younger with her face lit up like that. "Force, Cassian." "I know." He shakes his head again, at a loss. "I don't know anything about babies. I haven't seen one, I think, since I was one." "They're not standard Alliance-issue," Jyn agrees. "Did you, ah... obviously you're planning to keep it." Cassian nods. "Yeah, yes, that's what Shara wants." Jyn's eyes are sharp, instantly calculating. "And she's staying on base for the pregnancy?" Cassian nods. "She's out flying a patrol orbit right now." "What about after it's born? Are you mustering out?" Cassian blinks. "If the war is over in the next eight months." Raising an eyebrow, Jyn reaches towards the side of the frame – an arm enters the video, handing her a steaming mug, and she takes it, glancing back at Cassian. "What about the child?" "I was a child here," Cassian reminds her. "You were a child on an Imperial installation, Jyn." "And look how we ended up," Jyn says, quietly. "Have you at least thought about leaving, Cassian?" "We haven't talked about it." He frowns, brow creasing. He thought Jyn would be happy for him. Jyn glances off-comm again, and then sighs. "Don't give me that look. I'm happy for you, I'm just – surprised, I guess." "We were surprised, too," Cassian says, and he has to bite back a smile at the way Shara had blurted it out while he was still inside her. "But I think it's a good thing, Jyn." Jyn nods, and her face composes to a smile again. "I'm happy for all of you, Cassian, truly." Cassian believes her, as he always does, and he smiles back. "And you? Are you happy?" Jyn's smile dimples. "Getting there, I think." She hides her face behind the rim of her mug. "Are you still on Mataou?" Jyn's lips narrow. "Kriff, no, lost that job ages ago." Her jaw tics. "I saw a bounty hunter putting something in a twi'lek girl's drink. So I shot him." "Good," Cassian says. "Where are you now? You should have told me, you know. I'm still your commanding officer." "Still bossy ," Jyn says, singsong. "We're on our way to Pheryon, actually. I can send you our coordinates when we get there." "Pheryon?" Cassian reaches across the cots to grab his flimsipad and start taking notes. "What're you doing there?" "The sister of Ahsoka's lover is a demolitions expert," Jyn says. "That, we've actually confirmed. The woman exists, Cassian, and her sister is real and still alive and she's on Pheryon. She used to supply the Partisans." Cassian lowers his voice, although there's no one in the room with him. "You've confirmed this? Can I tell Mon?" "Don't tell her until I make contact," Jyn says. "Please? She – I want her to have no choice but to believe me." "Mon would believe you—" Cassian starts, but nods, cutting himself off. "I won't say anything." "Thank you." Jyn looks relieved, grateful, and Cassian misses her. "I should go, we have a meeting to get to before we leave. I'm glad you called, Cassian." Cassian waves, and although it feels silly, it's worth it for her grin. A moment flits through his head of wondering what it would be like to be so happy with her, expecting a baby with her, but it passes as quickly as it comes. That's not what they were made to be in one another's lives. "I'm happy for you," she adds. Her face spells out that she had that thought, too, of wondering what it would be like, if they ever could have made each other this happy. "I'm happy that you're happy." "Thank you. I'm happy you're getting there?" "Yes." Jyn's smile is toothy and real. "If you ever need anything – if any of you do, let me know." He knows she means any of the three of them. Jyn still has no love lost for the Alliance's leadership. Like Cassian, she feels the loss of the rest of Rogue One keenly. Somehow it feels like more of a compliment that she still trusts him enough to trust Kes and Shara than it does an insult to Mon's council. "That promise goes both ways." He gestures with his flimsipad. "Now that you have a secure contact line, I expect to get more frequent reports, Sergeant Erso." Jyn flips him a two-fingered salute. "Yes, sir." Hoth | 0 ABY, 10th Month Shara lingers in the hangar, even with the bitter wind whistling from across the range. She had missed flying before the engineers figured out the right solution to de-ice the ships' wings, and from the way she finally, finally has her appetite back, it seems like the baby loves flying, too. "Or," she whispers, looking down, "maybe you just liked seeing papá." The Pathfinders were tiny gray specks against the endless white snow, but Shara could spot Kes from a klick away, the shape of him more familiar than anything else she'd ever known. It helped that he was the gray dot staying mostly in place as he barked orders to the hopeless new recruits, but she could have pointed him out all the same. Her A-wing swooped circuits over Clabburn long after the rest of Green Squadron headed for a shift-change as she watched Kes lead his troops through drill after drill. But now the gray specks of the Pathfinders had all disappeared from the ice fields, and Shara might actually get to see her husband for once. She wipes down the A-wing as she waits for the telltale thumps of boots on duracrete. "Shara!" The steps speed up as Kes rounds the tail of her ship, shrugging off his overcoat in a pile of snow and picking her up around the waist. "Why're you still out here?" Shara cups his face in her gloved hands and kisses him. "I was waiting for you. It's been ages since I got to see you." She nuzzles his cheek where it peeks out from his heavy wraps. "Want to get lunch? I'm actually hungry." "Let's get it and take it back to our room," Kes agrees. "I'd like to thaw a bit." Shara beams at him and kisses his windburned cheek. "And I'd like to warm you up." Kes laughs, although it's more of a cough. "I won't say no to that." He carries Shara across the tarmac and into the base, her front pressed snug up against his back, only setting her to her feet when they get to the mess hall. She takes his hand as they stand in line, snow melting off their boots as they shuffle along. The mess is busy, several shifts coming off-duty at once, but Shara doesn't feel like sticking around when Cassian isn't there with them. Kes kisses the side of Shara's head. "I'm glad you're feeling better today." It's the first time in weeks that Shara's been able to stomach the smell of the food and bodies that is the mess hall. "Your son is finally cooperating with me," Shara agrees. "Thank him." "You're so convinced he's a him ," Kes shakes his head, picking up trays for both of them. "That's what he told me," Shara says, and grins winsomely as Kes rolls his eyes fondly. "What do you want to eat, abejita?" Shara inhales and nearly swoons, even at the strange melange of spices and deep meat-smells from foods not intended for human consumption. " Everything . I'm starving." "Get the lady everything," Kes says, sweeping his hand at the buffet. The serving droid beeps and begins to spoon everything onto the tray, noodles and stew and biohazardous seeds and all. "No – I – I'm sorry, Seegee, I was just joking," Kes says as Shara stifles a laugh. The droid gives Kes the driest look imaginable, regardless of its lack of features, and sets the tray aside. "I'd like noodles and the numian cream sauce," Shara tells it, "And three denta bean patties, and the boiled ruica, and I'll take Ivarujari peppers on all of it. And two of the flatbreads, please, and what's the meat today?" "Fuerza, abejita," Kes mutters. "Are you sure you can keep that down?" "No," Shara admits, "but I'm hungry enough to try." Kes ends up with a loaded tray, too, and he picks up two of the packaged juice pouches at the end of the line, following Shara towards the exit. Their room is empty and cold when they return: Cassian is on another light intelligence mission, again playing a lost Alderaanian duke making nice with House Sindian. There were rumors that Palpatine himself had placed the land holdings of House Dooku with the Sindian family to shield his financial stake in several massacres, and if Cassian can tease it out of their snobbish mouths, then Mon might have something to bring to the Senate. Not that the Senate will do anything about it, Cassian had muttered to them before leaving. But at least it felt like doing something. "I wish we were with him," Shara says, checking her commpad. There's nothing since the day before, when he'd checked in. "I do and I don't. I want to be with him, but I'm also happy to have time with you. And our daughter." "Our son," Shara corrects him. She unzips her wet parka and leaves it hanging over the back of a chair. "Our baby ," Kes compromises, tugging the covers back and propping pillows against the wall so they can sit in bed to eat. Shara shucks out of her heavy boots and flightsuit; Kes does the same, moving both their pairs of boots to the door and shaking out his hair, damp from melted snow. Shara brushes the drops of water off his shoulders, and Kes immediately wraps his arms around her and lifts her up again, kissing her mouth, then nose, then both cheeks, before finding her lips. "I really do want to eat," Shara says, somewhat regretfully. "I know," Kes reassures her before kissing her again. "I do, too. I just missed you. And if you get sick, you aren't gonna want to kiss me for a while, so I figured I'd strike while the iron's hot." "I married a shameless opportunist," Shara sighs, but kisses him until a drop of cold water runs down his nose and drips onto hers, and she groans. Kes makes an apologetic noise and rubs the water from her nose, then sets Shara down on her feet so that she can crawl into bed. He watches her arrange the tray on her lap to her liking, then joins her. "It was good seeing you in the sky today." He pushes his socked toes against hers under the covers and munches on a bite of flatbread. "It felt good to be there." Shara rests her head against his shoulder as she stirs the Ivarujari peppers into her stew. "The baby likes flying. I haven't felt that good in weeks." Kes wraps a denta bean patty in the rest of his bread and eats it in three big bites, wiping his chin of crumbs. "You think he likes flying, or he can just tell that you like flying?" Shara shrugs. "I don't know, his words aren't that sophisticated yet. He's only the size of that patty. Ridículo." Kes grins, and sets his plate down, hunches to talk to Shara's stomach. "What're you telling mamá, hey? I want to know too." Shara smiles to herself as Kes folds her sweaters up until he can rest his cheek against her bare skin. "Thank you for being nice to mamá today, cariño, I was getting worried about you both." Shara balances her plate on Kes' shoulder, the back of his neck, and eats some of the boiled ruica with noodles. Kes might not want to finish his lunch, sentimental sap that he is, but that doesn't mean Shara can't. "Your ma is very silly," Kes confides to Shara's belly. "Using me as a table. You and your mamá and Cassian all have me wrapped around your tiny little fingers, don't you." "Cassian's fingers aren't that small," Shara points out, licking cream sauce off the tip of her thumb. "Smaller than mine," Kes says. "Not as small as Baby's." "Now who's being silly." Shara pets his hair and then taps her fingertips over the barely-there bump of the baby. "Your papá , that's who." Kes tilts his head, cautious not to knock her plate over, to look up at Shara. "I'm papá?" Shara shrugs. "Why not? What do you want him to call you? Sergeant?" "No," Kes laughs, softly, "I meant – is Cassian Daddy?" "If that's what you two decide." Shara keeps running her fingers through Kes' short hair. "You're both his fathers. What you want him to call you is between you and the baby." Kes nods, and goes back to humming at her stomach, lips pressing little kisses around Shara's belly button. When he speaks, it's muffled, quiet like maybe it was only meant for the baby to begin with. "I kind of hope it's his." Shara sets down her fork. "Why?" "It'd be a cute kid, right?" Kes noses at her hip. "I guess – he doesn't have any other family. It would be nice." "Corazón," Shara murmurs. "Of course he has other family. He has you and me, and he has Jyn. And he has this baby no matter what." Kes sighs, and kisses right at the roundest part of her slight bump. "I know. I was just thinking about it today, I don't know." "I think about it all the time," Shara says. "It's different than we always talked about, but this is still your baby, Kes. He loves you. I love you. And Cassian loves you." Kes glances up at her again. His eyes are bright. "I know that. I know, Shara, I just. I really want to be sure he knows, too." He clears his throat. "Cassian, I mean. I still think the baby's a girl." Shara kisses her fingertips and presses them to Kes' mouth, since she can't reach him without upsetting the food. "Lo sé, querido. We'll make sure he does." Hoth | 1 ABY, 2nd Month The part of Cassian's brain that still lives back on Yavin 4 keeps insisting that it's supposed to be summer right now, but the climate on Hoth does not agree. If anything, it's colder than ever, and he narrowly avoids slipping on a patch of ice in the corridor as he hustles back to the bunks to find an extra pair of gloves. He glares at the leaky pipe overhead, dripping something viscous and green onto the floor to freeze, and continues on his way. The bedroom door is sticking, something in the mechanics slow with the cold, and Cassian has to give it a good shove to slide open the rest of the way. Inside, Shara turns around from the nightstand, gives him a surprised grin. "I didn't expect to see you." Cassian grins, even though he can't quite feel his lips. "You, either. I thought you were on a patrol this shift." Shara makes a face. "I got sent in early. Arefa said I was turning blue and insisted she cover the last thirty of my shift." She's still in her snow gear, although it looks like Cassian caught her as she was getting out of it: the buckles are undone but her boots are still on. Cassian makes a sympathetic sound and pouts at her. "I wish I had anyone on my crew who liked me that much." He pauses. " Are you okay, though?" "I'm fine." Shara snorts. "Honestly I'm just a bit… stuck. My zipper won't budge." "Let me help?" Cassian comes over and checks the snarled teeth of her zipper. It's the bottom half of the suit, from her ribs down to the crotch of the snow suit. Shucking off his gloves, he leaves them on the bed and crouches on his heels in front of Shara. He steadies himself with one hand on her hip, and eases the zipper down with his other hand. "A little snug," he says, and glances up at her. "But it's not broken. You good?" Shara is biting the inside of her cheek, looking a little pink. "Yeah. Help me take the rest off too?" Cassian grins. "You never have to ask me twice about that." He stands, shaking out the chilled tension in his knees, and eases the thick, puffy white sleeves over Shara's shoulders, elbows, wrists. He rubs her hands between his own before letting her go. "Thanks," Shara whispers. "Do you have to – are you leaving?" Cassian's cheek twitches. "I should, but I don't have to go, if you need me. Or just want me. What's waiting outside, anyway? Just more snow." "I always want you," Shara laughs softly. "I just meant, do you have somewhere you have to be, or can you stay and nap with me?" She looks slightly sheepish. "I'm stupidly tired, and I thought if I could lie down before dinner it might help." Cassian looks at Shara – really looks, for the first time in a while, and sees the dark shadows under her eyes and the dry patches of snow-burned skin on her forehead and chin and the tip of her nose. Her curls are limp where they escape from her low bun. "Of course, amor. Are you sure you're feeling okay?" He curves his hand over her belly. "Both of you?" Shara rolls her eyes, but they look slightly damp, and she raises a hand to wipe at them roughly. "I'm fine, I'm just – so fucking tired , and I feel useless. I nearly fell asleep out there, Cassian. What if I had? Something could've happened and it would've been on me." "You can request lighter duty." Cassian kisses her forehead. "No one would blame you." " I would ," Shara insists. "I don't – I can do this, I'm just tired." "Okay." Cassian hauls his own jacket off his shoulders, starts on his heavy trousers. "Let's just rest for a little bit then." Shara nods and sits on the edge of the cot. The thin, rusty metal of the frame groans under her weight. "Okay. If you need to rest." Cassian smiles. "Yeah, I could use some extra sleep without Kes' snoring." "He can't help it," Shara looks like she wants to protest, but she just sounds tired. "The air's too dry here." She stretches out on the mattress, pulling the covers up to her chin and watching as Cassian unties his boots. "Force, I wish we were somewhere warm." Cassian curls under the blanket beside her, tucking his arm over her hip. "We should talk about taking time when the baby comes," he reminds her. "You could stay with your mother, have time to rest. Get warm again." "I don't want to stay with my mother, she'll drive me nuts," Shara mutters. "She doesn't understand why we – it's not that she likes the Empire," she says, haltingly. "She just doesn't see why Kes and I have to be the ones trying to do something about it, you know. She's… she fought in the Clone Wars, but that was official, and I think she just doesn't understand that's not possible for us. To wait, or get permission. I don't know." Cassian nods and then gives her a careful look. "What about your dad?" Shara is quiet for a long time, her hand resting over the bump of the baby. "He's doing better. I – I could holocall him, later. If we're not in the thick of it here. I don't want to leave Mon in a lurch." Cassian slides his hand under the hem of her sweater, cradles the curve of her belly. "I think Mon would understand us wanting to be sure this little one is safe." If pressed, really, Cassian isn't completely sure of that. Mon Mothma believes in good and believes in the future and creating a safe world for children so much that sometimes she seems to forget that they're real, there are actually children out there in the world who exist now . Children who have a blaster put in their hands before they turn seven. It's always been real, for Cassian. This war has always been about the people here now , not the people here in five years or ten years or fifty. Now he'll have to find a balance between his view and Mon's, because this baby is both. Shara would usually pursue the issue, but today she just tucks her face against Cassian's collarbone and sighs. Cassian is about to pull his hand out from under her sweater when there's a flutter against his fingertips, and Shara's breath catches. Cassian holds his breath and gently, gently flattens his palm over her skin. Compared to the air outside, she's blazing warm under her heavy sweater. He hasn't gotten to feel the baby kicking before. "Did you—" Shara asks, glancing up at him, a curl stuck to her flushed forehead. "I did," Cassian whispers. "Is that okay? It's – right, right? They're just kicking?" Shara nods. "Just saying hello. The doctor said they'd start moving more in the next couple weeks." Cassian can't help grinning and burying his face in Shara's neck. "So I'm lucky." "We already knew that," Shara says. She tucks her hand into the back pocket of his knit lounge pants. "Have I told you lately how glad I am that you're here?" "You must be tired – melosa," Cassian chuckles. "Getting soppy on me like this. You've mentioned it a time or two." Shara nods. "I am tired. Let me be soppy before I drool on you." Cassian can't complain. She can drool on him as much as she wants if he gets to be part of this, part of the tiny life that's kicking tiny pitter-pats against his palm. Hoth | 1 ABY, 4th Month Shara sighs as she eases down into the pilot's seat, one hand pressed to her belly until she's sure that it'll fit without hitting the console. "There we go, baby," she murmurs. "Time for your favorite thing, huh? You like flying." Shara feels a sudden nudge of pressure against her hand, like the baby has shoved his heel up against her touch. "Oof," Shara sighs, and shakes her head clear as she goes over the pre-flight checklist. There's a rustling of robes as the princess enters the cockpit and seats herself in the copilot's seat. "Are you sure you should still be doing this?" Leia gestures vaguely. "I know how to fly, Mon's just overprotective." "If I'm not here then I'm sitting in my room bored to death," Shara shrugs. "I'd rather do something productive." Leia studies her with wide-open eyes in a way that feels uncomfortably similar to the way Skywalker sometimes seems to look right through space and time itself, past a body or a wall and right into the Force itself, before she nods. "Anyway," Shara says, checking thrusters as she begins priming the hyperdrive, "this one is always happiest when I'm the air." Leia reaches towards Shara, then catches herself. "May I?" "Sure." Shara guides her hand to where the baby is currently moving, just below her ribs. "There he is." General Organa looks infinitely younger with awe like that on her face, a slight smile brightening her dark eyes. She can't be more than twenty-two, and while Shara knows that Cassian remembers Leia as a child, she's the sort of person who seems like she never could have been one. "That's incredible," Leia says, quietly. "Does he always move this much?" Shara laughs. "He's very busy, yes." Leia smiles. "You're very lucky." "We are," Shara agrees, and pats her stomach twice before moving her hands back to the controls. "Well, are we ready to go?" "Are the cloaking shields up?" Leia asks. "I don't want to think anyone's bold enough to shoot down a senator's ship, but they might be stupid enough." "Up at one hundred percent," Shara confirms. Mon Mothma takes her seat in the passenger jump and buckles the straps. She doesn't even look up from her datapad before giving Shara the nod to take off. Shara eases them out of the hangar, bumping as they taxi out past the sentry posts over the ice – newly broken up so they won't slide. Once they break atmo, Mon does look up from her work. She unbuckles the restraints and begins to peel out of her heavy furs. "Thank you for agreeing to this mission, Lieutenant Bey. While we have a great many skilled fighter pilots, we have very few who can fly a larger craft without making me nauseous." Shara glances over at Leia, who looks like she's trying to stifle a giggle. "Thank you, Senator," she says, biting her lip. Mon is already reabsorbed in her work, the most genteel of scowls settling across her face as she looks through the latest of Palpatine's edicts to the puppet senate. "All right, we're jumping in three," Shara says – it shouldn't be rough, but she always warns her passengers anyway. The baby squirms as the ship makes the jump, and Shara pets her stomach with one hand. Leia watches intently, looking uncharacteristically shy before she asks, "What does that feel like?" "Like you've got a belly full of jellied pudding," Shara grins. "Mostly." "My mother couldn't have children," Leia explains. Everyone in the Galaxy already knows that she was adopted, that she is all that's left of the House Organa and some of the other Nobles around the galaxy can't wait to invalidate or usurp her. Shara is glad for the dashboard under her fingertips, the dials to check. "I don't know that I've known a pregnant person before, is all." Leia looks embarrassed. "Forget I said anything." "I don't mind," Shara says. "It's not exactly common in our situation." Leia nods, looking at her lap. She clicks her fingernails together for the barest moment, then asks, "Did you want children?" "I'm not sure I would've picked to have one now ," Shara admits: it's easier than she thought it might be. "But Kes and I had talked about it. I used to have a list of names, when I was younger." "What about Cass – Captain Andor?" Leia shrugs. "I know you didn't know him until recently. I wanted to have his children when I was younger." Shara grins. "You're not that old, Your Highness." "No, but I got over my interest in bad boys." Leia's sniff is entirely unconvincing. Shara would have to be stupid never to have noticed that if anything, Leia's only decided that Cassian is too noble and good for her taste. "Captain Andor was a bit of a surprise," Shara admits. "Do your parents know that the baby might not be Kes'?" Leia looks stricken. "I'm – sorry, are... are your parents even alive?" Shara laughs, mostly out of shock, and then out of amusement. "Um, yes. I mean, my parents are still living – they separated, when I was younger, but they're both. They're on Chacao." She clears her throat. "And they know that we're with Cassian, so, I suppose they realize it's a possibility. They're more concerned about me having a kid in a warzone." The blue of hyperspace seems too peaceful to be part of a galaxy at war, but Shara cannot deny she's bringing a child into a world of danger. It isn't as though the thought hasn't crossed her mind, but it feels more real, more immediate, to say it aloud. And to her commanding officer, no less. "They want you to leave," Leia surmises. "My mom does," Shara agrees. "My dad just volunteered to take the baby until we were done – he's an old softie, I think he'd actually enjoy that." "The Alliance is perfectly capable of surviving your absence for a few months," Mon says, suddenly, peering at them over the rim of her reading glasses from the back seat. Her smile is barely a lift at the edges of her mouth. "Even if you are the best pilot in the Rebellion. We could accommodate a request for maternity leave." "Oh, ma'am, I wasn't angling for unearned leave," Shara says, stumbling over the words. "I want to stay. So do Kes and Cassian, ma'am. It's more important to me than ever." "I don't believe you've angled in your life, sergeant," Mon says, and it's only a slight judgment. "And any leave the three of you chose to take would be well-earned." "Yes, ma'am," Shara says. "We'll consider it." They won't, and Shara knows that Mon knows it. She raised Cassian: she knows how he thinks. The baby has only made them more aware of the future at stake. For now, none of them can contemplate quitting. All the same, Shara can't help but to notice how different her childhood was from Cassian's or even Leia's, these children who grew up in the fight. Shara and Kes both got to be ignorant of the terror of war, and Chacao wasn't under occupation until they were old enough to notice the differences and use them to galvanize their decision to leave once recruited. She and Kes got to play outdoors without having to worry about being bombed, even if that had always been a rare possibility. They didn't know that, and that makes all the difference. The rest of the trip is quiet. The baby moves consistently, pleased at the thrum of the ship, and Shara puts autopilot on long enough to use the fresher and make hot chocolate to ward off the slight chill. As smooth as the journey is, it feels longer than usual. The doctor had warned she might not notice the fatigue at first, in this last trimester, and it does seem to have crept up on her. "Coming into orbit," she says, faintly, as the nav system beeps, and she pulls the ship out of lightspeed. They hover for a moment, below the gas giant, before easing on towards the smaller moon's atmosphere. She'd nearly forgotten the beauty of Yavin. The intense, tawny glow of the moon expanding across the horizon rouses her from her exhaustion , and the baby kicks as if he can sense her heart rate rising. "A welcome sight," Mon murmurs, arranging her robes and fastening her seat restraints for their descent. Shara can only agree. She's surprised at the signs of life as they approach the old outpost. There are vast clearings along the river, leading up to the Massassi ruins, and new plots of jewel-toned green and gold crops. A few ranch-style houses spot the fields, while others sit clustered, forming a small township. "Many of the settlers are refugees," Mon explains. "I'm helping to organize the property offices, and form a trust to retain the indigenous ruins." "Son Alderaaní," Leia explains to Shara, her chin held high. "What's left of us." Shara had heard the news of the flourishing community on Yavin from Cassian, but it's different to see how much growth has happened in less than two years. "It's incredible, Your Highness." "There are other groups relocating here as well," Mon says. "There's a group from Onderon, former Partisan sympathizers, that we have made welcome." "And some of the Alderaanian survivors were refugees from other planets," Leia says, and just like that she looks older again. Ancient. "Hopefully Yavin 4 will be a place where people can stop running." "Hopefully," Shara agrees, quietly. It's easy to imagine, as they make their landing amidst the new growth around the massive ruins. Just since the Alliance has moved from Yavin, the jungle is busy reclaiming any lost ground. The moon is full of young life. Shara rises to her feet slowly after landing, a careful hand braced on the armrest of her seat. Judging by the bright atmosphere outside and the data on the ship's vidscreen, she can stand to leave her coat on board. She gives her companions a small, grateful smile as they wait for her at the bottom of the ramp. Mon Mothma rests her hand on Leia's arm and together they walk across a gently rustling green plain towards a tall, blonde woman in a sensible pantsuit. She lights up at the sight of Leia, and Shara smiles as the two women embrace warmly. They keep their arms linked as they walk with Mon towards a modest A-frame house on sturdy stilts – to protect it from summer rains, Shara suspects, as she looks out across the fertile farmland and rows of sprouting trees. The rolling Alderaaní chatter from garden plot to garden plot reminds Shara of Chacao before the Imperials came. Dejame ver, chica, vení... ay, que linda... Ananda, no fastidiés a tu hermano... ¡A comer! After more than a year on Hoth, the sunlight filtering through the red gas giant's ozone feels heavenly. Shara lifts her face into the soft breeze and rests her hands on her belly. For once, the baby is calm. Hoth | 1 ABY, 5th Month "I got a bad feeling about this," Han mutters as he slams his palm against the driveprimer on the Falcon's control panel. It falls back down a moment later, and he curses a blue streak of Corellian street grunge under his breath. "Bey! Check our coordinates, will you? Chewie! Hydrospanner!" "We're right where we're supposed to be," Shara confirms, swapping overlays on the star chart holos and checking herself a second time. She leans forward against the headrest of Han's seat, closing her eyes and taking a deep breath. Her back twinges again, more urgently this time, right behind her hips, and she shakes her head to clear it. She's been having false contractions for the last week or two when she stands too long. "Just hold position here, Solo, and we'll give the contact a little leeway. We're halfway to nowhere." "I don't like it," Han insists. "First rule of smuggling, you don't make the buyer wait." Chewbacca grunts in agreement. He gives Han the hydrospanner, and Han whacks the toggle in a way that suggests a big rock would have been just as apt a tool. "Well, Cassian says that the first rule of spying is not to get predictable," Shara says. She eases down into the copilot's seat and can swear that she feels the baby say thank you . "So we'll wait." "Five minutes," Han decides. "Then we're out of here faster than you can say—" "Shit," Shara breathes, as pinpoints of light open in front of them. There's no shrieking of wind in space, but it doesn't matter. There's no mistaking a TIE for a freighter. "I told you so," Han says. There's no heat behind it; his hand is already over his head priming the hyperdrive. They have twenty seconds before they can escape – A concussion missile rocks the Falcon's undercarriage. More shrieking surrounds them. They don't have twenty seconds. "Chewie!" Han yells, and snatches a headset off the dash. "Don't break my baby, Bey." He gives her a sweeping gesture as he hops out of the pilot's seat and his footfalls echo off the metal flooring as he runs for the gunner position below. Shara slides into the warm leather of the seat and winces at the twinge her back gives at the shift. "You two better be holding on to something!" she calls. Chewie roars in response from somewhere in the belly of the ship. Shara is almost positive that the baby answers in kind. The pain in her back coils around her spine, and the baby's kicking seems particularly sharp against her kidneys. The Falcon is nowhere near as graceful as Shara's A-wing, but she handles easily under Shara's hands on her control panel. "That's it, girl," Shara encourages the ship. "Don't let those thugs scare you." Another TIE screams right past the glareshield, so close that Shara can count the panels on its wings. The red lights stream from its missiles so quickly that only the Force could be responsible for how fast Shara turns the ship in a barrel roll to avoid the blast. Her stomach lurches uncomfortably, and the pain pricks at her hips this time, but she swallows past it and pushes a curl off her forehead. She just has to keep the Falcon on its evasive maneuvering until Han and Chewie have done enough damage that the TIEs can't follow when they jump to hyperspace. "Bey!" barks Han into the headset. "How long 'til jump? I got a nerfherder on our port side who's getting pretty cocky!" Shara has to breathe deeply through another twinge of pain, and she checks the hyperdrive. "Ah, another minute?" The leeward guns siphoned off enough energy that the drive had to reboot. "Make it a fast minute!" There's a harmony of Shyriiwook battle cry and Corellian war whoop as the wreckage of a TIE cartwheels past Shara's peripheral vision. She hardly has time to celebrate along with them before it's back, the persistent TIE trying to cut off her route. It's a suicide attempt, to get right in the path of a ship about to jump to hyperspeed, but this is a pilot as bold as Shara herself, and they don't seem to care. Shara can't tell anything about them because of the mask, but they're close enough that she can see the black pipes connecting them to the air system of their tiny, sleek ship. Shara clenches her teeth and hauls the Falcon up, just grazing the tip of the TIE's wing as they soar over it, and punches the hyperdrive to life. The press of the gravity smashes into Shara's chest in a way that she hardly notices these days. It feels like all of her organs are moving faster than the rest of her body. "Nice job," Han says, hand settling on Shara's shoulder. She struggles up and is just about to move back to the second seat when there's a weird wet feeling down the leg of her civvie trousers. "You all right?" Han asks, holding her arm steady. Chewie says something from the doorway, sounding particularly perturbed, and Shara leans heavily against the passenger seat, feeling at her pants. "Shit." "You shit yourself?" Han asks. Chewie grunts something at him and a massive paw thwaps the back of Han's head. " No ," Shara says, in much the same tone. "My water just broke." "Shit," Han says, "Sorry, are you – are you okay? Can I help you with anything?" "I – I don't know," Shara says. "Are we en route back to Hoth? 'Cause that'd be helpful. Probably. I don't know." "Oh, that's great," Han nods, slowly. "Just fine." He's still holding her upright, though, even as he leans over the dash to check their location. "It's gonna be another six hours, at least. Can you, uh, hold it in?" Chewie grunts something again and bodily moves Han's arms away from Shara so that he can support her instead. He's much stronger than Han, more solid, like leaning on a very tall sofa. It's almost comfortable, if Shara can ignore the creep of nausea and cold wetness and pain. He whuffs something that Shara doesn't know how to interpret, and starts guiding her back toward the lounge. Walking helps, actually, loosening the tension in Shara's spine. "What do I do?" Han asks. "Water? Boiling water? Towels? Ah, kriff, my seat… but that's OK! Don't worry about it, Bey, just a little… gross stuff. Nothing this ship's never seen before. Well, technically it is, no one's ever given birth in here but there's been – you know what? Never mind. How are you?" "I'm fine," Shara yells. "I'll try not to get my gross stuff all over your ship, Solo." "I didn't mean that!" Han calls back. "Towels, I'm gonna get towels. For you! Not my seat. Maybe both. You first. Chewie! Towels?" Chewbacca huffs, and tells Han something long and including a lot of vowels. Han throws his hands up as he rushes past them. "Okay, okay! Mr. Demanding." Chewie grumbles something soft and fond, and his massive head shakes in mild exasperation. Shara has to smile. "Have you done this before, then?" She asks Chewie. She doesn't speak Shyriiwook, per se, at least not the words, but she can understand his gestures and tone of voice. His calm already says that he's helped birth at least one baby, although Shara suspects it wasn't a human one. He shrugs, modestly. They walk in a circle around the main lounge, and the motion eases the pain of Shara's contractions, if not the urgency. He calls something soft, tender, almost a purr. Shara doesn't know whether that's the name of his child or their mother, but she understands that it's the same voice Kes uses to talk about her. She has to stop when they round the lounge sofa again, lean over the Dejarik table on her elbows and close her eyes. "Force, that hurts." She looks up into Chewbacca's calm, unreadable face. "It's too soon. I'm not due for almost a month." Chewbacca pets her shoulder. "What's going on up there?" Han calls from the galley. "The water's almost done!" Chewbacca gurgles something, and Han yells back, "What do you mean 'nothing'? I just boiled all this water!" "Are we even ready for the water?" Shara whispers to Chewie. "That seems like… it should come later in the process." It's getting harder to talk through the contractions. Chewie makes an equivocating noise and gestures for her to lie down on the padded bench behind the Dejarik table. It's not the most comfortable thing in the galaxy, but it will be better than the floor. Probably cleaner, too, at least marginally. Shara sits very slowly, and the pain winds itself back around her tailbone. "I'm not sure I want to—" she bites back a curse. "I'm not sure I'll ever get back up," she concludes, propping herself on her elbows and grimacing at Chewbacca. He cocks his head and narrows his eyes, and Shara knows that she's being melodramatic. She's a fighter pilot. She can handle a little pain. Oh. Not a little pain. "Holy kriffing—" she gapes. "Yeah, I'm just gonna leave this here," Han decides, clearing the Dejarik table with his elbow and setting the electro-kettle on it with a slosh. He rocks backs on his heels and shoves his ruddy hands in his back pockets. "How you doing, kid?" "Not a kid," Shara grits. "Not talking to you," Han retorts. He nods toward her belly. "Was talking to the kid." "Oh, well," Shara huffs. "I'm doing fine too, thanks!" Chewbacca sighs and says something dismissive to Han, who nods and disappears back into the kitchen. When he reemerges, it's with a large cup of crushed ice. He holds it out to Shara, has to step in closer to hand it to her. "What's this for?" Shara takes it. "It's not that kind of pain, Solo." "To eat," Han says. "So you don't dehydrate." Shara's whole body hurts and her first reaction to Han Solo's ridiculous, concerned face is to well up in tears. "Please don't," Han says. "Are you, ah, are you comfortable here? With Chewie? I should really check our bearings again—" "Go," Shara says at the same time as Chewie. He doesn't say the actual words, of course, but the intent is the same. Shara has to smile up at him for that, even though her vision is blurred. "I'll take my chances with the Wookiee." The contractions are getting closer together, and Shara crunches a mouthful of ice, trying to distract herself. They can't be that far from Hoth. Not the way Han Solo flies. He never shuts up about the Kessel Run, after all. Chewbacca rubs her knee comfortingly, and hums something soft. It sounds like wind rustling through leaves, and now it doesn't seem so hard to breathe. She spreads her hands over her belly and tries to feel for the comforting swimmy movements of the baby through the tight flex of her contracting muscles. It's still there. He's still there. "It's okay," she promises him. "It's okay." They're going to be just fine. Even if Han doesn't get them back to Hoth as soon as she'd like, they're on a safe ship and Chewbacca won't let anything bad happen. Shara concentrates on breathing and chewing ice and repeating that to herself: it's okay . * * * For a moment, there's only the sound of hyperspace rushing all around them, and Shara's heart stops. But then there's a howl. And everything is , really and truly, okay. He's barely a weight when Chewbacca lifts him onto her chest, tiny pink face scrunched up under damp black curls, and Shara doesn't know what to say. She just repeats what she's been promising him and herself this whole time. "It's okay, you're here now, it's all okay." Chewbacca gives a triumphant, if muted, roar, and bares his teeth at Shara proudly. She takes it as you did good . She did do good, Shara thinks, looking down at the distraught baby's face. He's beautiful, even all scrunched up with despair. He has Kes' nose, she thinks – which answers a question she never needed answered – and round cheeks like little berries and the tiniest sad mouth for yelling. Han's shoulders and head pop around the door to the cockpit. "Everything okay back there? I heard – oh." His face lights up, and he leans in the doorway. "Hey there." Chewbacca helps Shara up against the back of the sofa, drawing one of the blankets around her and tucking it over the baby's squirming legs. "We're good, General," Shara says. Her voice is shot, and she's barely understandable through the way her lips are stretched around a huge grin. "You've got an extra passenger. Sorry about that." "Eh," Han shrugs. "Needed some excitement around here to shake things up. You're all right, though?" The baby is still sobbing, red-faced and miserable, but Shara nods. "I think so." Han studies the pair of them. He shrugs out of his vest and holds it out. "He's probably cold. Will be soon, if he's not now; we're almost back to base." Chewbacca grunts and takes the vest, checks with Shara for approval before he lifts the baby, all flailing limbs and floppy body, and swaddles him efficiently. The baby calms right away, tucked up tight and safe again, like home. Shara's throat tightens, because she's supposed to be home, and she's not anymore, and she can't protect this baby the same way she has all of his life so far. She takes the little bundle of baby and worn leather jacket and smiles tearfully down at his exhausted face. "Hi, baby. What's your name?" Chewbacca gives a decisive whuffle, and Han laughs. "Hairless wonder, that's a good one." "He's not hairless," Shara says indignantly. "He's got my hair already. He's beautiful." She kisses his tiny forehead even though it's still all sticky and wrinkled. The baby peers up at her, dark eyes blinking against the bright lights of the cabin and slowly focusing on her face. Shara traces the dip of his nose with her fingertip. Every inch of him is delicate and incredible. "Hey," Han says, and Shara doesn't bother looking up to see that it's directed at Chewie. "Maybe we can move them back to a bunk? There's another hour before we get back to base." "I can move myself," Shara says. "No offense," Han says, quickly. "I just meant, we can clean up in here and let you two get to know each other." Shara nods. It takes a long time to stand up, and then to wrap a clean blanket around her waist like a skirt. There's no way she's putting her wet pants back on yet. The baby is mostly quiet, sound asleep for the time being, tucked close inside Shara's big parka. Every step twinges, and Shara really wants a hot shower and to have a doctor take a look and tell her there’s no permanent damage, but she'll settle for getting to lay down for a hot minute. Even the lumpy back bunk of the Falcon feels like a relief when she gets there. Chewbacca brings her a cup of hot tea – supposed to stop bleeding, Han explains, when he shows up with bandages. The baby wakes while Shara is trying to wrap him in a makeshift diaper so that he doesn't make a mess, and he sobs one tiny cry before Shara tucks him against her chest again and shushes him, patting his back softly. "You're safe, you're okay," she soothes. "You're okay." Chewie makes a judgmental noise and crosses his arms. Han looks awkward. "He says the poor kid's probably starving." "Oh." Shara looks down at the baby's face and the way his belly peeks out of the swaddling. "Right. Okay." "I'm gonna go," Han agrees, and gives her a half-hearted wave. "Best wishes, Lieutenant!" Chewbacca yowls and follows him out of the bunks. The baby opens his mouth for another low whimper – and then he opens his eyes. They're beautiful, big and dark and the kindest eyes Shara has ever seen, even if they are a little crossed and fuzzy with trying to focus in the brightness of the cabin. "Well, hello," Shara whispers. "Hi. Welcome to the Galaxy, mijo." She shoves one of the flat pillows behind her in the small of her back, propping up against the wall of the bunk. The hum of the ship is soft white noise, soothing vibrations that remind her of every other night she's flown. The baby yawns and his lower lip trembles, eyebrows knitting up again like he's remembering he's hungry. "Shhh, shhh," Shara murmurs. "No te me preocupes. We're gonna figure this out." She has to lay him down on her knees so she can shrug out of her flight top, and his face crumples immediately, eyes going lipid and his pretty rosebud mouth turning red as he yells. Shara can't quite disagree. It's cold, in the vacuum of space, and she doesn't want to let this baby out of her arms, ever. She doesn't even like that he's out of her body yet. She scoops him up as soon as the parka sleeves are back over her arms for warmth. "All right, you're fine, no need for tears. Oh, you're so pathetic, look at you." She wipes a stray tear from his cheek and lets him rest against one shoulder as she pulls her bra strap down on the other side. The baby opens his eyes again and blinks at her very studiously, as though trying to learn her face and connect it to a voice he knows. His chin wobbles sadly, and another tear trails down his cheek, but he seems momentarily appeased. "All right," Shara sighs. "Let's try this, huh?" She maneuvers the swaddled baby in her arms until he should be able to reach her chest, but he doesn't do anything. One tiny fisted hand bats at her collarbone, and the baby blinks and whines. "Right," Shara says, and shifts him a little closer. He noses at her breast, his eyes shutting and forehead wrinkling up as he prepares to cry again. Shara winces, pinches her nipple, and tries to help him out. "We can do this, mijo, come on." The baby makes an offended face, but he's rooting against the curve of her breast now, tiny pink mouth squirming and unhappy. Shara sighs and hitches him higher in her arm, uses her thumb to push her nipple down on his tongue. For a second, it looks like he's going to cry, and then he closes his mouth and all Shara can feel is relief. The baby's eyes startle open as her milk lets down, and he blinks, as content as Shara's ever seen anyone. Shara tries not to consider how odd it feels and the bizarre ache of it, and instead she smiles down at the baby. "Good job, cariño, you're so smart. You have it all figured out, huh." She runs her thumb over the soft shell of his tiny, tiny ear. His hand curls and extends rhythmically against her breast as he nurses, tiny fingers spread like a star pressed to her skin. Every now and again his eyes open and he looks up at her, but his eyelashes seem to grow heavier the longer he eats. Shara shifts her arms to hold him closer. Even though she loves Kes and Cassian – she can't wait to introduce them to this baby, the best person in the whole galaxy – she's more grateful than she can express that she gets to be alone with him now. From every account she has to compare it to, her labor was relatively easy, but now that the euphoria has worn into exhaustion, Shara's painfully aware that the baby who shared her body for eight months has been forcibly separated from her. It's lovely having him in her arms, but the rest of her feels alien and empty in his absence. It's nice to have time to adjust without the men fussing over her. Gradually, his sucking slows and Shara moves him away from her breast so that he doesn't choke. There's milk dribbling down his chin into the little dimples of his neck, and Shara can't help smiling at his sleepy mewling. He can't keep his eyes open, but he's still making little noises, almost like the tree peepers make in the rainy season, back home. "You're talkative," Shara says admiringly. She wipes away the mess from his wrinkled neck and lifts him enough that she can kiss his tiny face. "Chatty little thing." She considers his parentage and shrugs. She could have expected it, she supposes. He wriggles in her grip, and she puts him against her shoulder, pats his butt like she's watched other mothers do after nursing. He hardly has time to wail before he burps, leaving milk and newborn mucus all over the shoulder of Shara's top. Shara pulls him back to survey the damage, and sighs. She just hopes they'll get back to Hoth before he needs a diaper change. Chapter 12 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 1 ABY, 5th Month The baby mewls somewhere close. Shara blinks and rouses like a thunderclap: she's in a real bed, even if it's a medical cot, and she vaguely remembers Han guiding her through the catacomb-like corridors of the base, carrying her rucksack for her. Looking at the clock, she can't have been back on Hoth for more than ten minutes. Her cat nap can't have been longer than five. She's about to start worrying when the door opens and Kes and Cassian are there , and all the nervousness dissolves in the excitement that she can now share the most incredible baby in the galaxy with them. "Kriffing shit, Shar!" Kes yelps. "You went into labor on that deathtrap? During a firefight?" "But you're all right," Cassian confirms, earnest and concerned, eyes checking her over. "We're all right," Shara agrees. Kes perches on the side of the med cot and brushes hair off the side of her face, squeezes her hand. "You're sure? The doctor didn't say much, we were so worried—" Shara lifts his hand, kisses his knuckles. "I promise. Chewie's a good birthing coach." Kes grimaces. "I can't believe Han Solo saw our kid before I did. He's telling the whole base about it." "Well, I guess he just loves me best," Shara says drily. Shara glances over at Cassian, who's discovered the bassinet, stands very quietly over the small bundle of clean white blankets and dark hair. "He's all right, too?" Cassian's voice wobbles. "It's too early." "He's fine," Shara promises, as Kes' fingers tighten painfully against hers. "A little on the skinny side, but the doctor said he'll fill out fast if he keeps eating like he is." "Can I—" Kes cuts himself off. "Come look," Cassian grins, his whole face crinkled with the joy of it. "He's beautiful." Kes can't seem to let go of Shara's hand, though, or stand up to move to the other side of the cot. He's still got his other hand on Shara's cheek like he's afraid that if he lets go, he might lose her. "You could bring him over here," Shara says quietly. "Just be careful of his neck." Cassian's face goes wide and open with wonder as he nods. He's slow to lift the tiny cocoon, adjusting to cradle the baby along the long bone of his forearm for support. Shara isn't sure whether that extra care is for the baby's sake or Cassian's, since the latter looks like a feather could knock him down. "Hello," he tells the baby seriously. Shara watches as tiny eyelashes flutter, wide baby eyes opening and struggling to focus. "We were very worried about your mami, but she did just fine, and look at you, you're beautiful." The baby's mouth stretches open wide in a yawn and then smacks closed. He blinks, slow and thoughtful. Cassian sits down carefully beside Kes on the bed. He's still holding the baby with both arms, cradling him close to his chest. "What's his name?" he asks. His eyes drink in the baby's face like he'll never look away. Shara laughs. "And here I was hoping you two would tell me!" She reaches for the baby helplessly, instinct and intense need to feel him, carry his weight again. Kes looks at the baby with – apprehension, Shara thinks, etched across his brow. Shara opens her parka and tucks the baby inside again, close to her chest and the protective constant sound of her heartbeat. "He really is tiny," Kes says, shaking his head. "I wish I'd been there, Shara, I'm so sorry I wasn't." "It's okay." Shara kisses his cheek. "You'll be there next time." Kes laughs, huffing in surprise. "Force, let us get used to one first maybe." "I'm with Shara," Cassian grins, tucking his chin over Kes' shoulder, one arm around his waist and the other stretched out to rest on Shara's knee. The baby opens his eyes with a flutter of lashes. He looks right up at Kes. "Hey," Kes breathes, reaching out and touching his cheek with a fingertip. "Tell your ma she's being ridícula." The baby opens his mouth again and his tiny face screws up with the force of his gurgling yawn. He squirms in Shara's arms and turns his face toward her chest to nuzzle even through her thick sweaters. "I should feed him," Shara thinks out loud, her chest immediately twinging painfully. Maybe it's a little silly, but her body seems already hot-wired to accommodate this tiny human at every turn. "Oh!" Kes' eyes go wide as his gaze flicks from the baby's face to Shara's. "What," Shara says, gathering the baby closer in her arms. "I didn't know if," Kes looks flustered. "Should we go? Should we stay?" Shara looks at him, eyebrow raised. "I don't know, have you seen my tits before?" Cassian coughs a little to cover his laugh. Kes looks even more flustered, but he tries to cover it with a glower in Cassian's direction. "It'd be embarrassing if I hadn't, wouldn't it?" Shara bites back a smile and leans up, kisses his stubbly cheek. "Stay, Kes. Help me with these pillows? They've fallen down again." She gestures to the pillows the nurse had used to prop her up earlier. Kes nods and fluffs the pillows; he braces the small of Shara's back with one hand before helping her to settle more comfortably. Shara blames Kes' momentary wrong-footedness for the weird bubble of nerves in her throat. That and the weird ache in her chest make her slower than usual getting her shirt open. The baby is turning red-faced, squirming impatiently. The bed groans as Cassian perches on the edge near Shara's waist. He reaches out and clucks softly, running the palm of his hand over the crown of the baby's head, tucked under a warm, tiny knit cap that Toryn Farr from Mission Control gave Shara, shyly, weeks ago. "Can you—" Shara asks, quietly, and Cassian helps tug the sleeve of her shirt down so her bra strap can come free. The baby pushes his face against her breast immediately, lips smacking as he mouths at her skin. Kes blinks, fast then slow. Shara can only see him in the corner of her eye as she focuses on the calming baby. It still takes a moment for the baby to latch, and Shara has to guide him again, but then he settles immediately. Cassian keeps one hand rested lightly on the baby's head, like he can't quite believe that it's all real unless he's able to feel him. Kes takes a moment, but he reaches out, too, and touches his index finger to the impossibly small curl of the baby's knotted fist. He's too young to grasp back. "We need a name," Cassian says softly. Shara nods. The movement behind the baby's closed eyelids is too magical to exist, and she can't stop watching. "What do you think?" Kes asks her, nudging her knee. Shara watches the baby drink and dream, his eyelashes softer than the smallest of feathers as they dust his round, round cheeks. His heartbeat thrums quick and strong, and he weighs almost nothing, the most fragile and wonderful thing in the galaxy. "What about Poe?" Shara asks, thinking of the fingertip-sized, jewel-colored birds that flit and zoom around the flowerbeds back home on Chacao, singing their tiny notes of poe, poe, poe to find one another in the maze of petals. "Like the bird?" Kes confirms, grinning. Cassian glances between them, looking slightly confused but pleased. Shara nods. "Poe." Kes shakes the baby's hand. "Nice to meet you, Poe Bey." "Poe Andor," Shara smiles at the feel of it on her tongue. "Poe Dameron," Cassian says. The baby's eyes open. That's his name. * * * "I brought soup," Kes announces, and he sets down a tray stolen from the kitchen at the foot of the bed. Shara is just tucking her breast back into her sweater and handing Poe off to Cassian, and she reaches for a bowl hungrily. Poe considers Cassian with his eyebrows tucked down low, and he makes a knowing noise before Cassian kisses his forehead and sets him over his shoulder to pat his back gently. "You're right, mijo," Cassian says. "It's mamá's turn to eat now." Kes steps over to lean against Cassian's back and make faces at Poe. "I wouldn't get up in his face," Shara warns, tearing off a piece of bread and dunking it in her soup. "Just because he hasn't spit up yet tonight doesn't mean he isn't going to." "He won't spit up on me," Kes says. Cassian and Shara mug at each other at the smirk in Kes' voice – somehow, it's true, he's the only one of them on whom Poe has not yet spat up. But it'll happen, one of these days. Cassian is sure of it. If it doesn't happen by the time Poe turns one, he might have to resort to making it happen. Poe blinks at Kes drowsily, and blows a bubble against Cassian's shoulder. "Yeah," Kes murmurs. "You wouldn't spit up on daddy." Shara snorts, still slurping at lukewarm soup. "Thinks he's so special." "Maybe vomit is how he shows love," Cassian shrugs, and hitches Poe up on his shoulder, patting his back. Kes makes another face at the baby and sits down on the bed by Shara, pouring more soup into her bowl. "I think it's how he shows that he has gas." Kes grins winsomely at Cassian, who is still bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet as he pats Poe's back. "Oh," Cassian nods, "so he just magically doesn't have gas when you hold him, is that it?" "Of course." Kes rests his cheek on the top of Shara's head. "I'm just lucky that way." Shara finishes her soup and squeezes Kes' arm. "I'll let you two fight over who's going to change him in a minute," she says. "I need a shower." Kes pulls her down for a quick kiss before she can get too far away, and she stops by Cassian's side to kiss his lips and then Poe's tiny head. He coos when she smooths her palm over his unruly, fluffy curls. Kes takes a bite of bread and cocks his head up at Cassian. "The soup is for you, too, you know. You should eat." "I will once Poe's down," Cassian murmurs. "Did you eat?" "Yeah, had a ration pack out on the ridge," Kes says. "I'm good. Do you want me to take him?" "No, it's my turn." It's Cassian's turn to sound smug. "I get the baby right now." Kes sighs, stretching and watching Cassian rock the baby. "He loves you," he says softly. "I can tell. You should see his face. He loves you so much." Cassian hums, pleased, and cranes his neck to try to see Poe's expression. "He's just a happy baby." "He is!" Kes flops backward onto the cot. He keeps staring up at the pair of them, how tiny Poe is against Cassian's chest. "We're all lucky. He's happy and a charmer. You know even Mon was baby-talking him this morning?" "That's better than court-martialing all of us," Cassian laughs. "Seriously, Kes, is there anyone on base who doesn't love this kid?" Kes smiles, and his blinks slow like his body has realized that he's lying prone. "Nope. He should be the poster boy for the Rebel Alliance. He'd get everyone on our side." Poe makes an amused little hiccuping sound, and bats his fist at Cassian's shoulder. "I can't tell if that was him agreeing or disagreeing," Cassian laughs. He sits down on the side of the cot and moves Poe from his chest to lay on his knees, staring up at both of them. Kes offers Poe his index finger, and Poe grips on with his whole hand. He gurgles a wet laugh, eyes bright. Cassian leans into Kes' shoulder, rubs Poe's little belly with his thumb. "I can't believe he's still awake," he says softly. Usually they have to fight to keep Poe awake long enough to burp him after a feeding. "He's waiting for Shara," Kes says. "He's un consentido. Aren't you?" he asks Poe, shaking his tiny hand. "You love your mamá best after all." "Of course he does," Cassian laughs. "We all love mamá best." "My ears are burning." The door shudders from its thin coating of ice as it opens for Shara. Her hair is damp where it peeks out from the hood of her nerf-wool lined coat. "Are you boys talking about me?" She walks over and kneels down so that she can kiss Poe's forehead. "Are you talking about me, mister?" Poe blinks and his little mouth opens, although no sound comes out, just the slight smacking noise of tiny lips. He kicks his legs at Cassian's chest, the first sign of inconvenience, and Shara laughs, hoists him up to smother kisses all over his face. "Yes, yes, yes," she murmurs. "You're so sleepy, my sleepy little rebel. Did your papás forget to change you? They did . Useless, aren't they? I know, I know, I know." "He wasn't fussy," Cassian protests, in vain as Shara clicks her tongue and bounces Poe gently while she gets out a clean diaper. Shara looks over her shoulder before laying Poe down on the footlocker that they've recommissioned as a changing table. "He doesn't fuss much." She clicks her tongue soothingly as the cold air on Poe's belly makes him wriggle unhappily. "I think he knows he can't be too loud here." "He's smart," Kes nods. Shara frowns. "I just worry. How'll we know if something's wrong?" She tucks in the flaps of the diaper and scoops him back up against her chest, kissing his fluffy hair. "Maybe we should think about asking my dad to take him." Cassian shares a look with Kes. "You know I think that's probably best for the long term," he starts, slowly. "But he's awfully little still." For the long term . The weight of the idea that they might have to leave Poe for any significant amount of time settles over them. The only sound in the room is the vague, constant hum of X-wings overhead and the space heater sputtering to itself in the corner. The tapes on the sides of Poe's diaper are loud. "Ah!" His tiny voice, loud and sudden, startles Cassian into laughing. "Hello," Shara coos, holding him under the armpits and blowing a raspberry on his stomach. "Are you going to talk to us?" Poe blows a bubble and drools all down his chin before yawning so deeply that his little nose scrunches. He cuddles close to Shara, tucking his face under her chin. "Oh well," Shara says, "maybe next time." She pets his back. "It's not like I want to think about it," she says, softer. "But it's worse to think that maybe—" she clears her throat, and turns back to Kes and Cassian. "If anything were to happen I couldn't forgive myself." She hadn't been able to predict this part: how fiercely sure she is of how much more important Poe is than anything else in her life right now. Kes reaches out to wrap his hands around Shara's hips and pull her closer until she's standing between his knees. "We're not gonna let anything happen. Not to him, not to you, not to any of us. Promise." "Promise," Cassian echoes. Shara nods. "I just think… maybe that means he's safer somewhere else." Poe's foot kicks out hard as he rustles, settling himself for sleep with his cheek against Shara's chest. "Let's wait and see," Kes says softly. He traces the bottom of Poe's foot with his fingertip. "I – he's still so little. To be away from you." Shara gathers him closer against her chest and rocks him carefully. "I know." Cassian squeezes Kes' arm. "We don't have to decide tonight," he reminds them. "Right." Shara thumbs over the jiggly round of Poe's cheek. "He's out for the night. At least, for the next few hours." "You wanna lie down with him?" Kes asks. They've been trying to follow Poe's patterns for the last few weeks, or at least take the opportunity to sleep when he does. Shara nods, and both Kes and Cassian scoot over on the cot so that there's room for Shara to ease down until she's got her head on the pillow and Poe tucked against her chest. Kes immediately settles a hand on Poe's narrow back, to feel the rise and fall of his ribs as he breathes. "Hey." He kisses Shara's cheek. "I love you. We're all going to get through this just fine." Shara sighs and nods, and reaches for Cassian's arm, tugging until they're all sandwiched together. Poe smiles in his sleep. Hoth | 1 ABY, 8th Month Cassian props Poe up in a nest of pillows on their cot and spreads his scrap collection on the duvet around him, sorting out pieces. He has enough to test the hard drive and motherboard, anyway. He connects a portable speaker, just in case he gets far enough to have feedback – it won't sound the same as the old Imperial modulator, but it would be… comforting, he realizes, to hear Kay-Tu's thoughts again. Poe blows a spit bubble, and goes cross-eyed watching it pop. "We're going to try put my friend Kay back together," Cassian informs him, and Poe blinks. He watches Cassian with large, serious eyes. Cassian nods. "We are. We have all of his protocols right here, on these chips that your mami saved for us." He curls his fingers around the little pieces of plastic and metal. The chips weren't the only thing Shara had saved, of course, but Cassian still struggles to wrap his head around that. He plugs the first chip into his datapad and starts scanning the code. Each of those numbers and letters means something, and Cassian clears his throat, looks at Poe. The baby is still watching him curiously. "First we have to make sure there's no bugs in the code," He explains. "And I need to check that the backup was complete." Poe mumbles, drool collecting at the corner of his mouth. "I know," Cassian says, "but it's important. We have to make sure that everything works the way it's supposed to, before we try to put him into a new body." He shakes his head. "Don't want any Imperial leftovers in his code to pop up at an awkward time." Poe looks deeply concerned at the idea of Imperial remnants in Kay-Tu's code, and Cassian has to laugh softly and shake Poe's little foot as though it's a hand. "It's all right, mijo." He leans closer and kisses Poe's nose. "I'm very good at programming droids. We'll catch it all." He kisses Poe all over his face until Poe squirm-screeches a baby laugh and bats his hands against Cassian's scruffy, scratchy cheeks. "See, this is Kay-Tu's brain," Cassian shows him the chip, lets him poke it with chubby, uncoordinated fingers. "It looks small but it's actually a lot of space, because he was very, very smart." Poe tries to grab the chip again, but he can't grasp anything so small. "Like you," Cassian agrees. "Very small and very smart." He kisses the top of Poe's head. It's been a week since he got to spend real time alone with Poe, and already he seems bigger and older. Poe hiccups, and sticks his hand in his mouth. "He was an Imperial battle droid," Cassian tells Poe, quietly. "But when I reprogrammed him, he was so much more than that – he had dozens of different languages, and indexes of information. "But," he says, exhaling and deleting a few lines of messy code, "the reason why you and I are going to fix him up is that he was very good at detecting danger. And you know what he would be good at? Huh?" He looks to Poe and waits for an answer. Poe blinks slowly and blips another spit bubble. "No, no, bebito, he doesn't need to keep an eye on me anymore. But," Cassian makes a face at the jumble of bugs that fill the screen, "You, chaparrito, you need someone who can put all their energy all the time into watching you. Right? "I know it's hard to believe," Cassian nods. "But you're going to be getting into trouble before we know it. And you'll need a friend to get you out." Pain lances through Cassian's chest. "That's what Kay-Tu died to do, Poe. Yeah. I know that 'died' is not the right word for a droid, but Kay-Tu was more like a person to me than a droid. He was my only friend until your papá." Poe seems to light up at the mention of Kes, and Cassian smiles. "Oh, you know who your papá is now, do you? Yeah? And you know who your mamá is? What about me? Who am I?" He leans down to munch Poe's round cheeks until he squeals again. "Who am I, Poe?" Poe makes a soft noise and clasps his hands over Cassian's cheeks. He watches Cassian unblinkingly for a moment, before laughing again and gumming on the tip of Cassian's nose. "Ay, no," Cassian laughs, pulling away to wipe his face. "See, a droid would not mind that. Maybe. We'll see." He wonders briefly what Kay-Tu will have to say about being brought back to serve as a nanny droid. There is a 36% chance of failure , probably. Somehow, so many of his calculations ended up being a thirty-six percent chance of failure. Cassian wonders if it was a bug, or if Kay simply found it amusing, in his own way. Poe is still laughing in the corner of Cassian's eye, and when he looks back at him, the hilarious joke is Poe's own foot, held up close in his baby hands. "You're not too unlike Kay-Tu, really," Cassian says. "When he was first reprogrammed, he had to learn the world. And so do you. And I don't understand either of your sense of humor. "But see, mijo... I know how to program and train a droid. I don't know that I know how to help you grow." Cassian smiles sadly at Poe. Poe just beams back, all gums and drool and soft, soft curls. "So I'm doing what I know I'm good at," Cassian concludes. "And hopefully this way you'll have a friend, and someone who can keep an eye on you when your papás and your mami are busy." Cassian sets aside the datapad and array of holochips so that he can roll onto his back on the bed and lift Poe over his head, zooming him carefully like a tiny, wiggly, screeching X-wing. "Because you're gonna be a handful, aren't you? Our rebel baby." Poe makes a pleased eee ee ee! noise, his eyes going wide, curls bouncing in the breeze. Cassian swings Poe down until he can kiss his face again and nestles Poe against his chest. "I know people say that droids do not have feelings, but I would testify to the Council that Kay-Tu loved me back, in the end. I'm gonna make you a very good best friend, bebito. But who wouldn't love you?" Everyone on base adores Poe – they can't go to the mess hall without gathering a crowd of everyone who wants to see him or hold him. "Oh, don't fuss, chiquito," he hums, as Poe scrunches his nose, startled by a yawn. "Everyone loves you." Gurgling, Poe relaxes against Cassian's chest. His breathing is already starting to even out for a deep, dreaming nap. The most amazing thing about Poe, out of every incredible thing about him, is that he trusts Cassian so implicitly. Cassian never wants to betray that trust. If that means making certain that if for some reason he doesn't make it back from a mission, Poe will have a little piece of him – the best piece, in some ways, he always thought Kay-Tu was – then he'll do that. Until that day comes, when Cassian can't be there for Poe himself, he'll have to trust Poe to let him know when he needs him, let him know that he understands how loved he is. And he does: Cassian is still afraid that he doesn't know anything about children or how to be a good parent, but he trusts Poe's joy. He trusts Poe's love. After all, Jyn's voice still echoes in his head when he gets to thinking about Kay-Tu: trust goes both ways. Chapter 13 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 2 ABY, 1st Month Poe's just gone down for his second nap – early afternoon, the one he fights hardest – and Kes is dozing beside him when the sirens go off. Poe blinks awake, startled before he's scared, only starting to cry after a consecutive minute of the blaring noise. "Shhh." Kes scoops him up and starts to bounce him lightly, because Poe's been crying enough lately that Mon sent them a carefully worded reprimand. Like it's their fault he's teething. He covers Poe's sensitive small ears, cuddling him into his shoulder and neck, and slides the door open, peers into the corridor. Dak Ralter, one of the rookie gunners Shara helped train in the months after the Alliance left Yavin, careens down the icy corridor. "Hey!" Kes tries to be both loud enough to be heard over the sirens and soft enough not to scare Poe. "What's going on?" "The Empire!" Dak yells back. "They're coming!" "That's all you got?" Kes asks, trying to bounce away Poe's hiccupping cries. A Pathfinder comes out of the freshers at the end of the hall, still drying his hair. Another comes down the hall from the main passage, running toward her room. "Does anyone know anything?" Kes asks, louder. "Solo blew up the probe droid, so not really," calls a junior lieutenant from Kes' squadron. "Everyone's on call." "Solo did what ?" Kes shakes his head, and Poe bawls louder. The sirens haven't stopped. "They're prepping transports for evacuation," the same junior lieutenant says, reemerging from his room with his pack. "After we check everything out, we're supposed to leave too. You should go, sir." He indicates Poe. "Where—" Kes stops himself. Even if they knew the destination, no one would say it aloud. Imperials are coming. The alarm keeps shrieking and Poe screams into Kes' shoulder, his chubby legs kicking miserably, insistent against Kes' ribs. He bundles Poe into the little down sleeper-sack Cassian had brought back from the intel mission a month back: it's tight already with how quickly Poe is growing, chubby thighs and round tummy, dimples everywhere. Tears are streaking down Poe's cheeks and getting lost in the rolls of his chin, small fists batting at his ears with the constant noise. Kes pulls Poe's knit cap down over his ears and rolls him in a blanket on the bed, leaves him there as he clears out the locker drawer of Shara's comm pad, his own tags. He digs through the trunk under the cot to find the last holo of Cassian's parents. He searches frantically for their most important data chips, too, the ones that store K2-SO's backup and the first recordings of Poe's good heart. Poe's voice raises in pitch and volume as the alarm beeps get closer together. "I know, I know, mijo, I know," Kes murmurs, distracted. He doesn't have time to calm Poe down right now; what are they missing? Diapers – he needs diapers, and a bottle of milk, in case – In case it's a while until they can regroup with Shara, that's all. Kes tucks a can of powdered formula into the pack, too. Hopefully they won't have to use it. He throws Cassian's rucksack over one shoulder, picking Poe up carefully and glancing around the room. There's so much to leave behind, but he's got the most important pieces of their lives. Poe yowls as Kes stuff him into the pouch on his chest, Cassian's pack heavy on his back. His balance is off, but all he has to do is get to a transport. It's fine. Everything is fine. Kes pauses in the doorway just long enough to look back at the small, spare room where his son spent the first six months of his life. They're never coming back here. They'll never sleep in those beds again, never tuck Poe into that bassinet. The halls are worryingly empty as Kes makes his way through the base, right up until he gets to the hangar, where there's a frenzy of people around the transports closest to the exit. Poe stops crying as the sound of people and droids overtakes the shrieking of the alarm. He keeps wriggling in the pouch, determined to get out and stretch his legs or punch his small arms. Kes smooths his hand over the side of Poe's wet, sweaty, tear-streaked face and bends just far enough to kiss the top of his head. "Sergeant!" The lieutenant from earlier waves Kes over to one of the transports. "Get the kid onboard, sir. We've got room for you." Kes jogs over. "Have Shara or Cassian left yet? Lieutenant Bey, Captain Andor? They get out?" The young man checks something on his datapad. "Yeah, Lieutenant Bey escorted the first transport out, sir." Kes' frantic heartbeat slows, just a little. Overhead, something makes the whole hangar rock from its foundations, and Poe lets out a hiccup of surprise. "And Captain Andor?" Kes presses. "I think he's in the Control Center," someone says as they squeeze through between Kes' shoulder and the wall. "You oughta board, Sergeant, sir, with the kid, and all." Kes glances around the transport: there's a pilot and a droid in the cockpit, and there's an X-wing pulled into position to cover their exit. The cargo bay is full, if Kes and Poe join them. Kes' experience takes over and he gives the lieutenant a nod. He doesn't want to leave without Cassian, but he can't stay , not with Poe on his chest, and he's not going to give Poe to someone else while he waits for Cassian to leave. "All right," he agrees. "Let's go." He slips into the last seat in the bay, pulling the harness shut over Poe's sling. Out of the shielded transparisteel window, the white world of Hoth is gray and pockmarked with the remnants of explosions and dead bodies in charred uniforms. Red flashes flare in all directions as snowtroopers and huge Imperial walkers try to bring down the transport and the X-wing fighters and Pathfinders on the ground try to protect the same. "Your husband's with Mon and General Dodonna," says a mousy computer tech across the aisle, smiling at Kes shyly. "Last I saw." "Course he was," Kes says, wearily, wrapping his arm around Poe's back, cupping the baby's head to his chest. Poe is still whimpering, uneasy in the sling. For the first time, people's assumption that Cassian is lawfully theirs is an ache rather than a buzz. "I can take him," the tech offers, pointing to Poe. "If you need – if you want a minute to yourself." "No, we're fine," Kes shakes his head. "Thank you." Poe whines, digging his heel into Kes' stomach. "Shhh, baby boy," Kes murmurs, petting his hair back. "You're all right." Poe makes a noise like he very much disagrees. Outside, an AT-AT walker falls and the whole sky fills with black smoke. Kes only has another moment to scan the scene before the transport rattles and hits hyperspace. Poe startles, and Kes waits for the wail – But Poe coos, instead, reaching out one small, mitten-clad hand toward the viewport gone over all blue. "Natural-born flier," the tech grins at Kes. "This is his first time right?" "Ah, technically." Kes smiles and unbuckles the pouch so he can sit Poe on his lap to view the window more easily. "He was born in flight, though. Fleeing some TIEs, so Shara tells it." "A real rebel baby," she laughs. Poe burbles something in agreement and smacks his palm against the transparisteel. The pilot announces they're a couple hours out from their destination – still unknown, by the glances everyone exchanges – and Kes lets Poe lean against his shoulder, babbling as he stares out the viewport, and closes his eyes. They said that Shara got out. Shara got out. Shara got out. There's no guarantee that she actually made it through the barrage of star destroyers and blaster bolts streaming out of those nightmare walkers, but at least she isn't in the ruins of Echo Base. * * * Echo Base is cracking beneath Cassian's boots in the control room. The majority of the transports have made it out, or at least made it into hyperspace, according to their tracking, but several of the snowspeeders are down, with no response from the pilots who took them out to distract the AT-ATs. "Command to Rogue Five," Cassian says into his comm, chest aching at the familiarity of the call and how— It's not going to happen like that this time. "Rogue Five, come in." "Hey, Captain," comes Shara's voice, fuzzy but distinctive. "Lieutenant." Cassian's voice doesn't crack, but some of the pain in his stomach eases. "You're cleared for hyperspace. Last transport is boarding. We'll leave the dogfight for another day." "Sir," Shara says, delayed slightly. There's a lot of noise coming through their connection. "Is everyone on that transport?" Cassian swallows. He never heard back from Kes and Poe, and he sent a commlink almost 90 minutes ago. If they're not on this transport... "I'm not sure, Shar. I—" He cuts himself off. "I haven't heard from them, but I bet they got on an earlier ship." "All due respect, sir," Shara says, enunciating through the white noise. "I was asking about you." Cassian glances over at Leia, still bent over her own commlink and channels. "You can go," she informs him, fingers flying over the controls. "We're still overseeing the evacuation," Cassian says softly. All around him, the walls shake, huge chunks of ice and duracrete crashing to the floor. The lights flicker, electricity hissing as a wire snaps free and flails live and sparking across the floor. Leia shoves her headset off one ear and gives Cassian a look. "You're free to go, Captain. Mon was on the last shuttle, we're not obligated to stay." Cassian knows that, but it doesn't change the fact that a few months ago, he might have stayed anyway. There's something bigger than the Rebellion now, though. Hopefully it's out there ahead of him in hyperspace somewhere. "Are you coming, General?" he asks her, before he lets himself start walking. "Right behind you," Leia confirms. "Just checking the last of our satellites—" Han comes storming into the command center, yelling something to Leia, and Cassian takes the opportunity to salute them both and make his way out of the collapsing room. There are a few last stragglers that Cassian joins in his jog down to the hangar. The transport isn't even half full, but the pilot looks fidgety. As Cassian straps in, he glances around at the other faces. He's the highest ranking person there. If Han came back for Leia, that means the Falcon is still here, and they'll leave on the freighter. "We're clear," Cassian calls to the pilot. "Let's go." "I'm supposed to wait for the princess," says the pilot. They wince as the ceiling of the hangar starts coming down around them in shuddering pieces. "Transport, this is Solo. Better take off – I can't get to you. I'll get the princess out on the Falcon!" crackles the comm at the front of the ship. Cassian buckles himself into the seat and clutches onto the armrests, fingers white. He takes another look around the cabin to be sure that Kes and Poe aren't here. There's no one left to cover their exit, and their wing gets pinged by fire almost before they're out of the hangar. It's a rough five minutes until everyone is shoved back in their seats as they hit hyperspace. "Cassian?" Shara's voice is soft but tight through the earpiece of his comm. "Are they with you?" "No." Cassian tries to keep his breathing steady. "But they should've been out already." There's the sound of Shara's breathing and the echoing, squealing loop of hyperspace around her ship coming through the comm and not-quite-matching the hum of hyperspace around him. "Do you really think so? Are you... what if..." "I don't know," Cassian admits. He can't lie to her, and the worry is a pressure in his gut worse than he's felt since his first hyperspace flight. "Let's not – let's just get there and see." Shara doesn't disconnect the comms, but neither of them speak. They both sit in silence as space rushes around them, cold and unfeeling, and they listen to each other breathe. * * * If Hoth had been cold and barren, 5251977 is just… deserted. There's nothing, not even a tauntaun, and the facilities are cramped. There's only a tiny intel office set up, and unloading the transports takes hours. Cassian volunteers to do the headcounts as everyone disembarks their ships, and Mon gives him a shockingly gentle look when she nods her acquiescence. It's almost like pity , which raises Cassian's hackles, but he's too tired and worried to fight it. They aren't on the first ship. Or the second. Shara finds him as he's going over the manifest for the third, her arms wrapping around his waist from behind and squeezing the breath out of him. She still doesn't say anything, and neither does he. What is there to say? Cassian has made himself promise not to worry until the fourth transport. If they're not on board, he'll stop counting, and start looking . The fourth transport lands with a long fission scorch along the boarding hatch, like one of the walkers got a good blast in right as the last passenger was inside. There's a stream of people through the hatch and Cassian forces himself to check off names, designations, right up to the moment he hears his own name shouted across the crowd. Kes looks ten years older, and he's wearing the baby sling but Poe is hitched up on his hip, like he was too wriggly to stay in it. "Kes!" Shara shouts, and practically leapfrogs over Cassian's head. "Poe! Mijo, baby, come here!" "Shara," Kes calls, his voice hoarse, and he shoves through the mass of people around the transport to get to them. Cassian is pulled in, his face against the fur of Kes' jacket, Shara's hair in his eye. Somewhere between them Poe whines at being squeezed too tightly. "Mijo, mijito," Shara murmurs, and she plucks a squirming Poe out of Kes' arms to cradle against her chest. Tears stream down her face as she cups Poe's round head in one hand, her fingers smoothing down his feather-soft curls as she drops kiss after kiss on his face. "I'm so sorry, baby, I know that was scary." Cassian leans into Kes' chest, watching them, and Kes, with newly open arms, gathers him in. Cassian melts into the realness of Kes really being here, of Poe being safe. But he also – bristles, adrenaline and anxiety making him puff up angry because why didn't Kes answer his commlink ? What if they hadn't gotten out? What if he'd been there, still, waiting for them to kriffing answer? "Where's your comm?" He asks, quietly. "I tried you a hundred times, cielo." Shara wipes her face and pets Poe's hair and nods. "So did I, Kes, Force!" Kes' eyebrows scrunch down and he lets go of Cassian to pat his wrists, first one then the other, and then his pockets back and front. "I must've left it behind," he says. "I'd just put Poe down to nap when the alarm went off." Cassian deflates, but Shara just shakes her head. "Kriffing hell, Kes." She looks like she might cry again. "I'm sorry," Kes says softly, but like he really means it, and Cassian doesn't want him to mean it, because all of the energy leaving him in great gusts makes him want to stay angry. "I was just worrying about Poe, after." "So were we," Cassian says, and pulls away. His own eyes feel itchy, and another dozen people have gotten off the transport that he hasn't kept count of. He moves closer to where Shara is still murmuring to Poe, examining his face like she never expected to see it again. Poe is behaving, for once, as he cuddles still and quiet in his mamá's arms and rests his cheek against the open collar of her flightsuit. Cassian reaches out and runs his finger over the sole of Poe's little foot, then holds it like a third hand. He could have lost Poe. He could have lost Kes. He could have lost Shara. Poe extends a hand to him, and Cassian lets him wrap his baby fat fist around two of his fingers. A lieutenant tugs on his jacket sleeve. "Sir, I'm supposed to take over from you. Mothma's orders." Cassian doesn't even look over, simply hands her the data pad. "And, uh, there's an aide with rooming assignments," the woman informs him. Cassian nods. "Okay." He shakes Poe's small hand until Poe looks over at him, sleepy and mussed, his eyes-half closed. He grins at Poe, pulling a face, and Poe smiles back before turning his face to wipe his nose against Shara's collarbone. Their assigned quarters are smaller than on Hoth, but there's an outward facing window that slides open. The air is warm and clean-smelling, even if the walls are old and the floor needs sweeping. Everyone gets sleeping bags, and rations and water, and Cassian feels like the richest man in the world watching Poe stretch and kick in the middle of their zipped-together bags. It's hot . The datapads say that it isn't hot, really, on this little moon. Boreal at best. But compared to a subzero tundra, even middling weather feels tropical. Cassian strips out of his parka and the layers on layers of sweaters that he's worn for the last two years, leans his elbows against the windowsill, and breathes. Shara is nursing Poe, by the soft sounds behind him. Kes is stripping out of his own clothes. Cassian closes his eyes. He startles when Kes' arms wind around his waist. "Forgive me," Kes says, quietly. "And come to bed?" Cassian rests his forehead against the windowpane. "Do you know how afraid I was?" Kes' hand touches hesitantly at the hem of Cassian's undershirt, where it rides up over his waistband. "Cassian." Cassian turns around in the circle of Kes' arms and buries his face in the side of Kes' neck. His heartbeat is strong as it pulses along the warm vein there. Kes' hands move over him: warm at the small of his back, up his sides, at his arms, clasping the back of his neck. They settle on his jaw, pulling him back for Kes to smile at him, eyes watery. "Can I kiss you now?" Cassian can't speak, but he nods. Kes cradles his face until their lips part again, and he tilts his forehead to rest against Cassian's. "The baby's nearly asleep," Shara says, quietly. Poe makes an argumentative noise, but when Kes and Cassian turn to look, his eyes are scrunched shut. Shara is burping him against her shoulder, and he's drooling. "I'm just saying, you can bring your kissing over here," Shara says. Kes makes it over to her first and gathers Shara and Poe up into his lap. He drizzles kisses over both of their dark heads. "Don't get him riled up," Shara warns him, wiping her shoulder off and grabbing a canteen of water from beside their makeshift pallet bed. "Cassian, come on, please?" Cassian takes a last lungful of clean, warm, new air. He scrubs his fingers through his hair and over his face. He feels greasy all over, unused to even a little sweat. He watches Shara take her discarded shirt and dampen the hem with water, pat down her face and arms. She hands it to him, knowing. Poe wriggles against her shoulder. He's only got his diaper on, and it's good to see that he's gotten fat in the last few months, compared to how thin he was when he was a tiny premature thing. He's out cold when Shara eases him down into her arms again, and she sighs. "I was hoping he'd nurse a little more," she admits. "I feel like I've got a small freighter on my lungs." Kes brushes Poe's messy curls out of his face. "I gave him a bottle on the transport. I wasn't sure..." he trails off and shrugs. "I'm sorry." "No, it's fine." Shara shakes her head. "I don't mind." Kes kisses her temple and pulls her closer. "I'm so glad you're here." "Yeah, I'm thankful to see your two grubby faces too," Shara says, smiling at Cassian. "I want to make Poe his own bed," she adds, before any of them can get too emotional. "If we use our big jackets it'll be plenty of room and we can have it to one side of ours, like the bassinet was." Cassian smiles, but it still feels hollow. He hasn't been panicked like that since – No. Not even on Scarif. He hasn't ever been so afraid as he was today, when he thought maybe he'd lost his family. Cassian nods. "I'll go get a crate or something to use like a crib. And I want to take a sonic shower. I'm," he gestures vaguely. Shara's soft mouth narrows. "I'll come with you." She raises an eyebrow, like he might argue. "I need to shower too; I'm guessing no one has a pump around here." Kes frowns. "I might have packed yours in Poe's bag. Do you want me to look?" "Yes!" Shara says, hushed, her eyebrow still raised. "Force, Dameron." She puts her hand on Cassian's knee. "I'm still coming with you, either way." Cassian nods and covers her fingers with his. It's strange how warm her hands are here. He's never held her hand when her bare fingers didn't feel like ice. "I really thought I grabbed it," Kes says, apologetically. "But it's not here." "It's fine," Shara says. "I've hand expressed before, it's not a big deal." She lays Poe down and stands up, kisses Kes on the cheek. "You got what mattered." Kes looks overwhelmed and exhausted and so, so guilty. Some of the anger deflates from Cassian's chest. "She's right," he says, quietly. "Poe's safe, and you're safe. Nothing else matters." Kes nods and buries his face in his hands. Cassian knows how he feels. Shara kisses his fingers, the backs of his knuckles. "Sweetheart, Kes. Lie down with the baby, please? We won't be long. I promise, we'll be right back." Kes nods, but he hugs Shara around the waist before he lets her go. He kisses her stomach; she pets his hair. And then Kes curls up around Poe to make a barrier so that he won't roll right off the cot. "Right back," Shara promises again, as she and Cassian step into their boots and open the door. The halls here are wider and shorter than back at Echo base, and instead of snowdrifts, they are smooth concrete and the grit of dust. The crews here on the scouting mission had rigged freshers for each block of sleeping quarters, too, and apparently everyone else on the hall had already made use of them. They're empty when Shara and Cassian peek inside. There's a cart with clean, if musty, towels, although there's no soap left, just empty wrappers. "You didn't have to come with me," Cassian says, shucking out of his trousers and not looking at Shara. "Of course I did." Shara unhooks her bra and winces, holding her sore chest for a moment before she undoes the bottom half of her flight suit, the only clothes she has until they get a shipment. Cassian gets the water going in the closest stall – it's just frosted transparisteel sheeting, but it's private, and it's big enough for two people. No gust of bitter cold follows him when the door slides open again a moment later and Shara steps inside. "Hey," she says, and touches his shoulder. "Mírame." It feels ridiculously hard, like his chin is made of lead, as he drags his eyes up to hers, but Cassian can't refuse her anything. "¿Sí?" "It's okay if you're not okay." She rubs his shoulder. "You know that, right?" Cassian nods. "And you can talk to me," Shara says, softer, her mouth warm against the nape of his neck, fingers curling around his hip. "I'm still angry with him," Cassian says, shaking his head. "I shouldn't be." "No," Shara agrees. "But you are. And that's okay. As long as you forgive him... sometime, that's okay. You can be angry." Cassian props his hands on the wall in front of them, leaning into the spray and closing his eyes. Shara leans with him, warm against his back. She kisses his shoulder blade as high as she can reach. "You're right, of course," he says. "I just hate making him feel worse." "You can't be angrier with him than he is with himself." Shara tucks her hands against Cassian's lower back and starts to knead the tense muscles loose. "It's a silly thing to be angry about," Cassian concedes, and turns in her grip, catching her hands in his. "And you shouldn't be – worrying about me, when you're in pain too." "I feel better when I have someone else to worry about," Shara admits, looking shy for about the first time since he's known her. "And I have you and Kes and Poe. And the Galaxy." She exhales heavily. "They're just going to keep coming after us. Wherever we are. And Poe..." She swallows. "Tomorrow. I'll worry about that tomorrow." "Tomorrow," Cassian agrees, and lets himself touch her, run his hands up her hips and draw her in close by the waist. Normally, she doesn't seem like such a small person, with her personality filling the room. But she is small. And precious. And still here, still alive. She winces when their chests meet. "Sorry, sorry," Cassian mumbles. "Not your fault," Shara says. "Not anyone's. Poor baby was too hot and sleepy to eat." Cassian kisses her forehead. "You want me to finish here, you can have it to yourself?" Shara looks up at him and slowly shakes her head. Cassian pulls her closer under the hot water and kisses the tip of her nose, watches the way her mouth loosens to a smile. "Show me how to help?" Shara lifts Cassian's hand and kisses his fingertips before arranging them on her breast. He shifts so he's standing beside her, a little behind, and she can lean back against him, let the spray fall against her chest and rinse the sputtering white droplets down the drain. She's more efficient, working her other breast with her own fingers, but Cassian buries his face in her hair and keeps applying pressure. It's – strange, and not at all sexual, and Cassian almost blushes at it. She smells sweet, and it makes him feel calmer. "They started hurting as soon as I saw him, earlier," Shara whispers. "And I was so scared and worried and it just – all my body cared about was that he needed to eat." Cassian kisses her hair and doesn't know what to say. He's been simmering with anger since the moment he saw that Kes and Poe were all right, and she's just been... worried about them, trying to provide for them and keep them happy. He doesn't deserve any of them. Shara rolls her shoulders forward, leaning into the pressure of his fingers, and exhales. "Talk to me?" "I don't know what to say," Cassian whispers. It feels profane to be too loud right now, when finally they're back in the quiet of safety and Shara trusts him like this. "It feels like you're worrying," Shara whispers back. "You can tell me, that's all I meant." "We're all worrying," Cassian says, and kisses her wet hair. "It's the comedown. That's all." Shara hums something under her breath, and rocks back on her heels, leaning into his chest. "All right." "I just..." Cassian's hand falters, and he curls his arm around Shara's ribs instead. "What if I lost you and Kes and Poe? I don't even remember the last thing I said to them this morning before I went on shift." Shara lifts her free hand to squeeze his forearm comfortingly, before she takes over, her fingers working with more assurance than his. "It makes the little things seem so big," she agrees. "Just – the perspective of it." "I think I've changed, as a person," Cassian says, haltingly. "And I didn't notice before today. And I don't know how that makes me feel." He can almost feel the ground of the control room shifting beneath his feet again, like he's right back in that moment: realizing he would actually leave a superior officer behind to be with his family. "I'd be more scared if this war hadn't changed us," Shara says, slowly. "If I had questioned things like today back on Jedha, we'd all be dead." Cassian shakes his head. "What if I make the wrong choice because I'm only worried about Poe?" Shara rinses her fingertips under the spray and turns to face Cassian, toes bumping his. "I don't know. But I know it makes you a better father for him." Cassian scrubs his hands over his wet face. "I know Kes was only worrying about him, too. I'm not... really mad at him." Shara nods. "You should probably tell him that, though." "I know." Cassian looks up into the spray of water. It smells earthy with added ozone and old pipes. "I will." Shara nudges her knee against his, taps his hip with her knuckles. "Now?" She doesn't sound particularly enthusiastic to leave the hot water. Cassian shakes his head. "Not yet. I need a few more minutes." "D'you want me to go?" Shara turns her hand over, cupping his narrow hip. "I don't mind." Cassian shakes his head and pulls her close with both arms. "Not yet." Shara still winces when her breasts meet his chest, but she doesn't pull away. She tucks her face against his throat, instead, nosing at his Adam's apple. Cassian is soft between his legs, but hums at the warmth of her mouth and the feeling of her breath. She's here. She's okay. They're all okay. Shara traces symbols on his side, her blunt nails not-quite-ticklish. "You made the right choices today," Shara murmurs. "I promise." "I left," Cassian says, quietly. "The princess was right there with me, and she told me to go, and I did ." Shara wraps her arms around his waist and squeezes him tightly to her. "You didn't leave her behind , Cassian. You know that Solo wasn't gonna leave without her." She kisses under Cassian's chin where she can reach. "You didn't leave her without a way out." Cassian takes a deep breath. "I might have." He would have, he's almost sure. Nothing else had mattered, in that moment, nothing but his family. "Can I tell you a secret?" Shara cups his cheek in her hand. "If it were to save Poe, I wouldn't care." Cassian's eyes prickle and he closes them quickly. "Shara," Cassian says, and shakes his head. "We shouldn't even be talking about – you can't say that kind of thing." He can hear Shara swallow. "I think we're going to have to talk about it soon. You and me and Kes." He just nods. Shara loops her arms around his neck and pulls him down so that they can bury their faces in one another's necks, nuzzling close and silent. A minute later she laughs, and draws back. "Sorry, I – still leaking a little, I guess." She thumbs off a trail of thin white droplets from his chest. "It's okay." Cassian kisses her neck and her shoulder where he's still resting his face. "Just a little funny," Shara sighs. "This whole parenthood thing is weird." Cassian nods. "It is. I don't know what I expected." He kisses her clavicle, right over an old, healed blaster scar. Shara sighs, and tilts slightly into the kiss. Cassian opens his eyes, but doesn't raise his head. He looks up at Shara, his lips still hovering at her collarbone. Shara licks her lower lip, where it's shiny from the shower mist, and watches him steadily. "It's okay," Shara whispers. She strokes Cassian's hair out of his face with a gentle hand. He leans his cheek against her palm briefly, and Shara smiles, her lower lip now bitten pink. Cassian tries to be as gentle as he can as he buries his face between Shara's breasts. She tries not to shiver, but he can feel the goosebumps go up her arms. Cassian still isn't hard, but he's glad for it. He just – He wants something to anchor him. Shara eases her hand into the hair at the nape of his neck and scratches gently at his scalp, the gentlest of pressure guiding him. He holds her around the waist and closes his eyes again as he latches on. Shara's breath catches somewhere above him, and her fingers curl, tightening in his hair like the completion of a circuit. Cassian pulls back, just far enough that his lips barely brush her skin. "Does that hurt?" Shara shakes her head, clearing her throat. "No, it's... good. You're good." Cassian squeezes her hips and closes his mouth around her swollen nipple again. Shara's feet nudge his again as she shifts her stance wider on the tile to keep her balance. She tries to keep her breathing steady, too. It doesn't work: Cassian's mouth is hot and cautiously gentle, and her heart is pounding. She's nearly empty, but there's enough to swallow before Cassian lifts his head. Shara wants to kiss him, but also – she guides his hand to her other breast, reminding. Cassian nods and swallows again. He licks his lip clean before nuzzling against her skin. It's the side she had him use his fingers on earlier, and there's more – almost surprising him when he first seals his lips around her nipple. "Ah," Shara says, sharp and then fading into a softer sound. She keeps her fingers coursing through his hair and scratching gently at the nape of his neck. "Are you—" she begins, and that turns into another quiet noise, too. Cassian lifts his head. He feels – tired, lulled into some sort of calm. "What?" Shara flushes. "I – you don't have to , I just wanted to be sure you knew... that." Cassian smiles at her and stands enough that he can kiss her forehead. "I can stop if you want. But I like it. I feel better." "You don't have to stop." Shara sways on the balls of her feet, throat turned pink. Cassian kisses her forehead again. He kneels on the rough floor so that he doesn't have to hunch down so far to reach Shara's chest. Shara's hands reach for his shoulders, like she might pull him back up. She doesn't. She just starts to run her fingers through his hair and over his neck and shoulders again. Quiet. Soft. Cassian closes his eyes again, and it's easy, his mouth sliding over her slightly damp skin. She smells warm. Everything feels less urgent, for the moment, like there's irrefutable proof that Shara and Kes and Poe exist and are okay. This time Shara has to cup his jaw, ease him back. "That's all there is," she laughs, hushed. Cassian nods. He winces as he stands, the floor hard on his knees. Shara steadies him, lets him lean into her, and pulls his face to hers for a kiss. "I feel better," Shara says. She kisses his nose. "Thank you." Cassian feels – tired, and grounded, in a comfortably heavy way. "That wasn't too strange for you?" Shara shrugs one shoulder. "Kes has done it. It's a little weird, but it – you're all mine. So." Another day Cassian will jog her elbow and ask why he didn't get to see that, but tonight he just wants to kiss her again and go back to their makeshift bed and Kes and Poe. Shara smiles at him. Fluffs his hair. And then turns the water off behind him. Her brow furrows. "Are there towels on this base yet?" Cassian jerks his chin in the direction of the door. "Saw some as we came in, I think." He shakes himself awake. "I'll go see." He steels himself for a blast of frigid air when he opens the fresher door – But it doesn't come. The air is still as warm as it was before. They're not on Hoth. They'll probably never be there again. Kes is still wide-awake when they get back to their spare new quarters. Poe lies on his bare chest, and Kes rubs his back in time to Poe's open-mouthed sleepy breathing. Before Cassian can debate whether to put his dirty shirt back on, Shara is pressing a clean one into his hands. "I had an extra in my go bag," she explains, as she shrugs into one herself. Cassian kisses her temple and decides to save the clean shirt for tomorrow. It's warm, and he hasn't felt Kes' skin bare against him in such quantity since... Yavin, probably, and that was different. "I should've known," Shara laughs as he puts it down and crawls onto the makeshift pallet beside Kes naked. Kes hardly seems to notice them, all of his attention on the tiny curl of sleeping baby splayed out on his chest. Cassian kisses Kes' shoulder and then Poe's fluffy head. "Did he wake up?" "Just for a couple minutes, and then he was out again." Kes glances over at him warily. "They got decent showers here?" Shara nods. She gracefully folds her hair into a helter-skelter bun. "Smells like wrigglers from the synth carbon, but the water's hot." "Not gonna complain about real water," Kes says. He looks over at Cassian again. "D'you wanna hold him?" Cassian nods and pulls the thin, scratchy sheet up to his waist before he takes Poe. Poe whines in his sleep during the transfer, his forehead creasing like he might wake up and howl, but it smooths as soon as he's down again. Shara crawls into bed on Kes' other side and immediately settles her arm across his chest, rests her head on his shoulder. "I'm all stinky and you just got clean," Kes protests weakly. "I married all of you, even your stink." Shara kisses his scruffy jaw. Dark circles ring Kes' tired eyes. "I love you." "You don't even stink," Cassian says, tiredly, pressing his nose to Kes' shoulder, closer in toward his armpit. "Just a little sweaty, maybe." "It's weird to be warm," Kes says, shaking his head. "I thought I missed it, but now I just want a breeze." Shara laughs softly. "At least here I don't feel like I might wake up and my toes froze off in the night." Kes nods and reaches over to wrap a finger around Poe's tiny toes. "I'm not so worried about him freezing in the night, either." Shara hums agreement, but Cassian's forehead wrinkles, and he frowns. "What if we have another day like today, though?" He cradles Poe's head in his hand. He remembers his first Rebel base evacuation, the way the walls caved in around him and he only survived because he was the only person in that corridor who was small enough to squeeze through the rubble and make it to a ship. Poe won't remember Hoth, but Cassian will never forget knowing that if Poe hadn't already been put on a transport, he was going to die there in the ice. "I don't think he can stay here." "I know he can't," Shara whispers. She closes her eyes. "I just – I don't want to let him go. We have to, but..." her voice catches. "I just want to keep him." Kes wraps his arm around her, tugging her closer against his chest, and Cassian feels bad for bringing it up. It could've waited for morning. "I know," he says. "We all do." Shara turns her face into Kes' chest. Her shoulders shake with the force of her sobs. One of her hands presses to her stomach, like if she tries hard enough she'll still feel Poe safe inside her instead of out here, in the world, in danger. Poe whimpers in his sleep, so perfectly attuned to his mamá that even in his dreams he can feel her worry. "I'm sorry," Cassian whispers. "I just meant – we should talk about it. Soon." Before Poe was born it was easy to imagine raising him on base: Cassian himself had been a child when the Alliance took him in. But even at six he could run to get on a transport when the base was compromised. Even at six he could wield a blaster. He'd made a kill shot in self-defense by seven and a half. He doesn't want that for Poe, Force, but Poe isn't even a child. He's an infant. He cups a hand over the back of Poe's soft, small head and Poe wriggles, but doesn't wake. He just… trusts . Anyone could take him anywhere, and they might never find him. There are whispers that say that's where stormtroopers come from, children stolen after massacres. Cassian was lucky, in his own way. Shara is still hiding her face, as Kes cradles her the same way Cassian holds Poe. Protective. And bittersweet. "Shara," Cassian says, angry at himself, and also worried: Shara doesn't cry. Kes cries, but he's never seen Shara cry. "I'm – I'm fine, it's—" she reaches out to touch Poe's curled hand. "He's my baby. And I put him in danger." Kes and Cassian share a look, and any of the tension between them from earlier is gone. Cassian finds Shara's hand and clasps it, and Kes pets her hair behind her ear tenderly. All the moving jostles Poe into waking, slow and squirming and bleary-eyed. "Ma?" he mumbles, reaching out for Shara's hair. It's not really a word, just a sound he knows will catch their attention, but it makes them all stop anyway, suspended in awe. "Oh, mijo." Cassian doesn't argue when Shara pulls Poe from his arms. "I'm so sorry, baby." Poe blinks at her sleepily, clutching at the front of her shirt. Kes finds Cassian's fingers in the sheets, squeezes them tight. Poe babbles some more sounds and then yawns, his nose scrunched up. One sharp emergent tooth pokes out of his pink gums. They're going to miss his teeth coming in. His first real words. His first steps. "He'll be safe," Kes says, softly. Shara clutches him tighter to her chest, kissing his dark hair. "Lo sé." Then, louder, "I know." Cassian doesn't say that there's no way to be sure of that when the galaxy is at war. They might send Poe away to another Alderaan. They might send Poe to another Alderaan, and Cassian has been there in the beam of the Death Star, felt that heat and the blinding light, the way it feels to have your brain tell your body you are not going to survive this: you are about to die , and Poe is so little and so Force-damned good and if they leave him somewhere they thought was safe, Alderaan was supposed to be safe, to be a peaceful planet, but everyone there in their last moments— He feels queasy. Kes' fingers are a vice-grip on his. Shara kisses Poe's ears and holds him to her shoulder. Her knuckles are still white. Poe gurgles. His breath evens out as he falls asleep again, drool falling steadily onto Shara's shirt from his open mouth. He's so beautiful. "When?" Kes whispers. "We can comm my dad in the morning," Shara says, quietly. Kes nods. His eyelashes glisten when he blinks. "I'm sorry. I – this is all my fault, if I hadn't forgotten my commlink—" "This is not your fault," Shara says, fiercely. "This isn't about you or the kriffing commlink, Kes, it's about the fact that the Empire could blast away this base any time, just like they did today with Echo." "I'll talk to Mon, maybe they can spare us a few days to take him," Cassian says, hesitantly. Shara nods and kisses Poe's head. She leaves her face pressed against his crown, breathing in the sweet-milk smell of his hair. "Shara's right," Cassian tells Kes. "It's not your fault." Kes just lets his head drop back against the duracrete wall, his eyes glazed as he stares at the ceiling. Shara lies back down against his side to rest Poe across both their bodies, and she turns Kes' face to her, kisses his mouth. "We could leave too." They haven't talked about that. Cassian shifts. He's been with the Rebel Alliance for so long. As long as he can remember. He doesn't – he didn't have anything else. But he does now. He has a future and hopes and goals. He wants things beyond the immediacy of a victory in the next battle or even freedom for the Galaxy. He wants to keep Kes and Shara and Poe, and he wants to stop fighting long enough to have a real life with them. He wants to stop fighting. "Maybe one of us could go with him," Cassian says softly. It's hard to think about. Every option makes him feel guilty. "I can't go," Shara says. "Not yet." "I'm not leaving you here," Kes frowns. "Besides, Shara's dad has already said he would take him." Cassian clears his throat. "Cassian?" Shara is looking at him, and her eyes are still wet, but she knows. "I could go with them." Kes stares at him. "What?" "I could go with them," Cassian repeats, with his heart in his throat. They're both just waiting, and he blinks hard, continues, "It's not that I don't trust your father, Shara, but – we'd all feel better if one of us were with him, and I'm... I'm ready to go." "You'll go to Chacao?" Kes' face is ticking through changes like a droid searching its protocols. Like Kay-Tu used to blink to recalculate percentages. "It's under Imperial blockade," Shara says. "Papá sends me a holo every week, but – I want to see Poe every day. And I don't want to leave him somewhere there might not be – there might not be food, or clean air, or – I want him to be able to go outside..." Cassian swallows, and tries to think past, I'm ready to go. Kes clears his throat. "What about Yavin?" It's out of the way, the Empire doesn't have any use for it – they'd never suspect anyone'd go back, but there's still a settlement there." "Yavin," Shara says. She strokes the back of Poe's head with tender fingers. "There are other children there, aren't there?" "Young families," Kes agrees. Shara blinks quickly to stem a fresh flood of tears. "Are we asking Papá to defect from Chacao? How?" "Jyn," Cassian offers. "I'm sure she will help. She has a ship. And a pilot. They can get him out and help him to get documents, a house… wherever." "Just relocate for a couple months," Kes says. "It'll be like a vacation." He sounds choked up, very obviously trying to make the best of things. Shara presses her lips to the side of Poe's head. "You hear that, baby? You get to go on a vacation." Her voice is thick. "Somewhere warm and pretty." She looks at Cassian. "Are you sure?" He nods, numbly. He wants to leave the Rebellion. He's so, so ready to go. Shara kisses Poe's forehead, his tiny rounded nose. "And Daddy's going to be there, he's going to take such good care of you and your abuelito." Kes tightens his arm around her and kisses her forehead. "We can talk to your dad and Jyn in the morning, let's just... sleep on it?" Shara hesitates, but nods, and Cassian slumps against her side. "Are you okay?" Kes asks him. He still sounds penitent from earlier, eyes downcast as he looks over at Cassian. "This isn't a tactical call for Captain Andor, you know. I want Cassian to be okay." "Yes," Cassian decides. His chest feels lighter than it has since he fell to his knees on the beach two years ago. Dying was the clear best choice that day. Living, and leaving, is now. Kes leans closer, asking for a kiss, and Cassian sighs and leans in, too. It's a soft kiss. He presses his face into the meat of Kes' shoulder afterwards, eyes closed. "It won't be long," Shara says, parroting what Kes told her earlier. "It won't be long. We'll holocall every day." Cassian can feel Kes nodding, but he doesn't open his eyes. He just wants to sleep. "Every day," Kes promises. Chapter 14 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Hoth | 2 ABY, 2nd Month The only person who feels like talking on the shuttle away from 5251977 is Poe, babbling away happily as he smacks at the transparisteel windows and watches the planet fade away into a field of stars. Kes holds him on his lap, Poe's wedge-shaped feet stomping on Kes' thighs as he marches in place. Shara and Cassian sit in the pilot's and co-pilot's seats to steer them onto a clear route to the rendezvous point: a small trading post in the Corellian spine. Shara and Kes have less than twelve hours left with their son. Cassian has less than twelve hours left with his partners. His fingers keep tripping over Shara's on the dash as they reach for the same things, check the same switches, tap the same dials. Every time, he wants to grab her hand and never let it go. He keeps having to tell himself that they will survive this. He will see them again someday. But Cassian has never believed in somedays. "It's 1300," Kes informs them. Cassian unbuckles and gets up to move to the comm unit. He's supposed to check in with Jyn in five standard minutes. Silent tears trace down Kes' cheeks. He smiles at Poe when Poe coos and turns his head to get attention, but he's been crying all night. Cassian can't look at them. He dials in from memory, waits for the white noise to clear and for Jyn's voice. "Cassian?" "We're twelve hours out," Cassian says, in lieu of hello. "Are you safe?" "We're all safe. It was easy, really." She turns the commlink enough to show a woman who looks so much like Bodhi that Cassian is physically startled sitting beside an older man who shares Shara- and Poe's eyes, nose, smile. Cassian gives them a quick nod, an aborted wave. "Good." Jyn turns the comm back to her face, and smiles. "I'll see you soon." Cassian nods tightly. He should smile. Jyn was so willing to throw herself into danger just for him, for Kes and Shara and their son, and he gets to see her again. But he doesn't feel like smiling. He feels... like the old Cassian again, the one who never smiled and who had to think ten steps ahead of everyone else just to stay alive. Who was so, so lonely. They end the call, and Cassian slumps against the side of the ship, letting the hum sink deep in his bones. It's when they hit turbulence, funnily enough, that he finally smiles, thinking of the first flight he took with Shara at the controls. "What?" Kes asks, wiping his nose. He looks miserable, but sounds hopeful, like Cassian might have a joke to share. Like Cassian is ever the one to make jokes. "The flight is choppy," Cassian says, shrugging. "But it's okay with a good pilot." "I heard that," Shara says from the front, and Kes smiles weakly. Cassian shakes his head and moves back towards the cockpit. "Sorry. I'm not funny." "Cassian," Kes says, softer, and Cassian turns. "Please." "What?" "Come here?" Cassian walks towards Kes and bends down to kiss his upturned face. Poe shrieks between them. "Sit with me?" Kes asks. "Just for a minute, I know – Shara shouldn't be alone, but." Cassian nods, and his chest aches. This isn't the instantly-cauterized burn of a blaster wound, this pain is going to swell and fester and ache for a long, long time. He buries his face against the side of Kes' neck. Breathes him in. Poe whines, reaching up at Cassian's face, his fingers tugging at Cassian's lower lip. For Poe, Cassian can paste on a smile. "Hey, chiquito." He pretends to munch on Poe's hand just to make him laugh. Kes inhales, wet and ragged, and kisses Cassian's hair, the crown of his head. "We'll send a holo every day," Cassian promises. "Every day." Kes shakes his head, chin bumping Cassian's forehead. "Don't – don't promise that. Things happen, Shara and I know that." "I won't ask you to promise me anything," Cassian says. "But I'm going to make you promises. I'm going to keep him safe. And I'm not going to let him forget you. We're going to talk about you every day, and we'll talk to you as often as we can. And if that's every day? All the better." Kes shifts Poe to his other arm, and lays his hand, palm up, on Cassian's knee. It's clammy when Cassian takes it, but their fingers fit together like always. Poe fusses, but he stills when Kes kisses his head and whispers something that Cassian can't hear. Poe presses his face into Kes' chest. Cuddles. He doesn't whine again as Kes' chest wobbles with the effort of holding back sobs. Cassian squeezes Kes' hand, and tilts his face up slowly. It's not a good kiss – they bump noses, and Kes can't breathe so he has to pull away, and a tear has run into the corner of Cassian's mouth and he's not sure if it was his or Kes'. They sit in silence, nestled together, until Poe whines again. He writhes, stretching his round belly. "He's hungry," Kes murmurs. "I know," Cassian says. "I can take him." He clucks to Poe as he lifts him and carries him up to the cockpit. Shara's silhouette, hunched over the console with her face in her hands, is smaller than ever. She raises her head at the sound of Poe's fussing, a watery smile pulling up the corners of her mouth. "Hello, sweet boy," she murmurs. "Come here to mami." Poe keeps fussing, his eyebrows low, but he lets Shara kiss him all over his face before he yowls aloud. "Okay, okay," Shara sighs. "Would you put her on auto?" Cassian nods and edges around her when she stands so that they can swap seats and he can adjust the controls. Shara bites her lip, bouncing Poe. "I think I'm going to go to the back to feed him, okay?" Cassian nods. It doesn't matter that there's a lump in his throat. This will be the last time Shara gets to feed her son. Even if the war ends within a year, he'll be a big kid eating solid food. Shara shifts Poe onto her hip, his cheek nuzzled to her collarbone, and holds her other hand out to Cassian. "Come with us?" Cassian feels like he's on auto, too, following her back to where Kes is wiping at his face, rubbing his hands off on his thighs. Shara doesn't try to say anything soothing as she sits beside him and kisses his shoulder. Cassian wonders if they'd ever imagined anything like this when they planned their lives together. Kes pets Poe's round little head as Shara unbuttons her jacket, rearranging her tunic beneath. Poe is shifting excitedly, bouncing in her lap and saying nonsense words now that he's getting what he so desperately was trying to tell them he wanted. "He's going to talk so soon," Kes whispers, voice catching. "He's so smart." "He'll probably still say your name first," Shara laughs, and coaxes Poe to recline in her arms like when he was first born and she could cradle all of him under her shirt. Cassian wants to say, I'll record it, whatever it is . And he will try. But Kes asked him not to make promises. Poe's satisfied noises seem more tragic than funny, and Cassian hates that, more than the rest of this: that even the little things hurt, now. Shara can't tear her eyes away from Poe's face, the way his big dark eyes are trained up at hers like he knows something is bothering her. Finally, she swallows. "There are bottles in a portable chiller for him. Not many. But I wanted... it might make the transition smoother if you mix them with the formula." Cassian nods. "I will. And he's eating the hot cereal now." He licks his lips. "So we don't have to worry about that." He's never been much good at comforting people. Shara's eyes squeeze shut, but stay dry. She hasn't cried since the night after Vader took Echo Base. They stay there, huddled together, long after Poe finishes eating and falls asleep at Shara's breast. * * * Poe is sobbing in the way he hardly ever does, loud and wet and heartbreaking, his face red and screwed-up even as Kes bounces him gently, shushing him, as they edge through the crush of people in the Ket'ell Marketplace. Poe has never been around so many beings, so many smells, the bursts of noise and chatter so different from those on a Rebel base. Shara brought the ship down near a junkyard where she and Kes will swap to a clean ship for the return to 5251977. The asteroid is only settled in two square miles, densely stuffed with trading posts and markets and a healthy gambling hotspot. They walked through a corridor lined with aquatic creatures and huge fish for sale as both pets and food, and Poe started wailing as soon as he saw a tentacled thing hanging from a meat hook. "How much further?" Kes asks, cupping Poe's head against his shoulder. "Not far," Cassian says, although he isn't sure. They're not going in circles, exactly, but it's starting to feel like it. They're meant to meet Jyn and Shara's father near a stand selling Alderaanian pastries, but there is no rhyme or reason to the layout of the marketplace. Cassian keeps being jostled by beings in robes of every color, small old things carrying huge shopping bags and slippery young things looking to pick opportune pockets. All they'll find if they try Cassian's pockets is the nose of a blaster. He doesn't have time for pickpockets. "There, I think," Shara says, gesturing with her chin. She knows better than to point in a place like this. Cassian nods and touches Kes' elbow. Kes keeps bouncing Poe, murmuring something gentle and singsong. The stall is half hidden behind another seller's, where a Duro is hawking secondhand holofilms. A hunched, wrinkled woman is arranging a tray of cloudpuff cakes behind the gauzy curtain. Cassian holds out a hand to stop Kes, Poe, and Shara where they are. He's the one with a blaster, and he isn't holding a child. "It's safe," Jyn says, stepping out of the shadows, her hand on Cassian's wrist. "The others are inside." "Jyn," Cassian sighs, and he gathers her into a hug. She's stiff in his arms for a moment, like she's not sure how to receive affection even now, but she wraps her arms around his shoulders, too, and gives him a squeeze. "It's good to see you, Cassian," she says. "You look good." "You do too," Cassian says, taking in her clean face, neatly parted hair. Jyn smiles, nods. She peeks around his shoulder to wave Shara, Kes, and their sobbing, wriggling bundle forward. The interior of the shop is dim: there's a younger woman working dough on a low table by the door, but Jyn leads them further. They exit the shop by a back door, and Jyn takes them down the dirt alley, past hanging laundry and window boxes of herbs to another open doorway. "This is where the baker lives," she explains. "We can stay as long as we need to." "Thank you, Jyn," Shara says quietly from behind Cassian. She's holding Poe's little hand, kissing his fingers over and over as they walk. The little house's living room is warmed by a tiny heater, and a man stands from the seat beside it. "Shara?" Shara's face breaks open in a way that Cassian has never seen before. "Papá." "¡Hija!" He hugs her so hard her feet come off the floor, and Shara buries her face in his shoulder and laughs and cries. "I can't believe it's really you," he says, and when they pull away from each other his eyes are wet. "And Kes, mijo." He opens his arms again and Kes leans down to accept a kiss on each of his cheeks. The older man's eyes go wide and soft and reverent as he looks at Poe, still sniffling but exhausted from his terror and grief, sweaty and soft-boned against Kes' shoulder. "And you must be Poe. I was expecting a little baby, but look at you, you're a big boy already!" Poe's lower lip trembles, but he seems unable to resist the flattery, and extends one sweaty palm to touch Shara's father's face. His grandfather looks honored by the acceptance and covers Poe's hand with his own. Cassian stands to the side with Jyn and the woman who could be no one in the galaxy but Bodhi Rook's sister. "Cassian Andor," the woman says, watching him from under thick, dark lashes. He nods, tearing his eyes away from the beautiful family portrait that Shara, Kes, and Poe make. "Arhat Rook?" She inclines her head. "Yes. I'm glad to meet you, although I wish it were under better circumstances for your family." Cassian turns to look at her face. She has the same eyes that he remembers on Bodhi, and it's jarring: he doesn't even have a holo of him, except for his Imperial license photo, and Cassian knows Bodhi would hate to be remembered in that. "You, too." "Cassian." It's Kes, calling him, actually stepping across and gently guiding Cassian over with a hand at his elbow. Jyn's fingers brush Cassian's elbow as he steps away from her and Arhat and toward his family. "Suegrito, this is Cassian," Kes says. The man's sun-lined face lifts into a smile, and he takes Cassian's extended hand in both of his own. "I'm so glad to meet you, Cassian. You've brought my daughter and this one—" he indicates Kes, good-naturedly scoffing, "much joy." "Thank you, sir. I hope it's not an imposition that I plan to stay with you and Poe." "No, not at all. We'll be able to get to know each other." He smiles at Shara, then, fondly. "Shara and Kes have the advantage, I've known them since they were in diapers. But we will have time now, too." Cassian doesn't remember his father. He remembers Bail Organa, and he mourns him, but with the advantage of distance and knowing Leia, he can see that while Bail was kind to him, he never saw him as a son. He saw Cassian as the least fortunate of his soldiers. But Ilan Bey smiles at Cassian, and clasps his hand between both of his, and Cassian feels... welcome. "Thank you, sir." Ilan laughs, and shakes his head. "So polite! And your accent – ¿Eres festano, verdad?" Cassian nods. Shara had mentioned that her parents were both in the Clone Wars. Cassian wonders – which side? "I had friends there before the war," Ilan says, quietly. "They suffered horrible things in the name of the Empire, and I mourn for them even now." Cassian nods. "So do I." Ilan squeezes Cassian's hand gently before pulling away to turn back to Poe. "I'm thankful this little one will not see those tragedies," he says. "But we will make sure he learns from them, no?" Cassian licks his lip and tries to ignore the lump growing in his throat. "Yes, sir." Kes nudges his father-in-law's arm. "I thought you were going to keep this happy, not bring us down, suegrito." "Ay, I thought that was happy," Ilan argues. "I am expressing hope for this big little man." Poe has settled since they left the noisy streets, and is watching all of them with sleepy eyes, fingers in his mouth and drool down his arm. Cassian smiles at him and gently wipes up his arm with the hem of his own sleeve. "Jyn," he says, turning. "Come meet Poe. He knows all about you." Jyn approaches, and Poe blinks up at the new face, contemplates her serenely. "Oh, look at you," Jyn tells him softly. "What a sweet little one you are." She smiles at him and reaches into her coat. "I have something for you, Poe," she says as she produces a small stuffed toy with a floppy body covered in blue fuzz and a smiling yellow face. "I had a toy just like this as a child. I loved it, so I thought you might like one, too." Poe's eyes light up, even as he yawns. He takes it in both hands, surveying it in pleasure, and then – straight into his mouth it goes. "Ah, well," Shara says, laughing. "I'll take it as a compliment," Jyn smiles. She reaches up with a hesitant hand, pauses before it touches Poe's soft hair. "May I?" "Of course," Kes nods. Jyn smooths down Poe's hair where it had mussed during his sobbing terror. She looks amazed by Poe, which Cassian thinks is the proper reaction. "He's beautiful," she tells Kes, and then glances back at Cassian, and nods. Cassian has to smile at her as she continues to fix Poe's hair, Poe gumming viciously at the toy and staring at Jyn with wide, measured eyes. "Ah!" Poe yells, reaching out for her, the Dresselian doll spilling from his mouth. Jyn makes a similar startled sound, eyes widening as she looks to Kes for guidance. Kes smiles at her despite his eyes welling up again. "It, um," he says, "He wants you to hold him, and – so that's good." "I don't want to—" Jyn looks to Cassian, nervous for the first time, and backs away. "Not that I don't want to, but you should—" Kes blinks and tears spill quietly again. "No, it's good. He won't be so upset. He likes you." Jyn nods, and holds out her arms, and Poe looks very pleased with himself when he's resting against her chest, patting her chin. Cassian tucks the new toy closer to Poe so that it isn't left behind when they leave. He looks at Kes. For the first time, he wants to return with them to 5251977. Just to kiss that look off Kes' face, to hold him on the way back, and hold him every night they won't get to put Poe to bed together. The others are watching Poe, and Cassian steps over, wrapping an arm around Kes' side. "Hey," he whispers, nose and lips pressed against the side of Kes' head. "Hey, it's just a short while. It's just a short while." Kes nods, desperately, and turns in Cassian's hold, burying his face in Cassian's shoulder. "I'm glad," he says, wet and shaky. "He'll be happy, he'll be – safe—" "He will," Cassian promises him, holding Kes like it's the end of the world. Cassian has been there: he knows this feeling. "I'll make sure of it." "We'll give you a few minutes," Ilan says, quietly, guiding Jyn and Arhat towards a back room with Poe. Shara comes over and wraps her arms around both Kes and Cassian. Cassian opens his arms enough that both Shara and Cassian are held close. "I promise, I will keep him safe. He'll be all right." "We know," Shara says, quietly. "We don't doubt that." Cassian just nods and buries his face in Shara's hair. She smells so comforting, and he loves her so much. "We trust you," Kes confirms, and his mouth is hot against Cassian's neck, his cheeks wet. Cassian squeezes Shara's hand and gently rearranges them so that he can lift Kes' face, kiss him as softly as the first time. Where would he be without Kes? Dead, realistically. But even if he weren't, it wouldn't matter so much. Kes' big heart opened up to Cassian when Cassian never let anyone else bring him inside. He will never be able to explain how much he owes Kes Dameron. Shara leans into his side and Cassian feels her small hand like a brand through the sleeve of his shirt. Without Shara— "Los amo," he whispers to her, to Kes, to both of them. To their family. "Los quiero muchísimo." Shara leans up to kiss his cheek, and Kes eases back so that Cassian can kiss her back, lips salty with shared tears. "Shara, amor, dulzura," he murmurs. "You saved my life. In all the ways." "Shh." Shara kisses him harder. "But—" Cassian says against her mouth, "You have to know, I never thanked you, I—" "You're taking care of my son," she interrupts him. "You're giving up everything you've ever known so that he can be safe. That's thanking me." Cassian nods, once. He'll tell her when they're together again: when he can kiss his thanks into every inch of her sweet skin. Her face softens. " Our son. I'm so glad he doesn't have to be without his papá." Cassian nods, kisses her forehead. Shara cups his jaw in both hands and draws him down for one last kiss before she steps away. She doesn't turn her back on them, but she does busy herself with wiping her face and looking around so that Kes can have his moment. "I will miss you every moment," Kes says, and his voice is steady even though the tears are still streaming down his cheeks. Cassian nods and kisses away one of the sticky tear-tracks on Kes' cheek. "And I will miss you. Cada momento. You are... the most impressive man I've ever known." Kes laughs, a choking, ridiculous sound, and shakes his head. He hugs Cassian until he can lift him, like he's trying to pull Cassian so close that they merge into one body and can't separate from one another. "You have to take care of Shara and Poe," he whispers, hot against Cassian's ear. "If anything happens. I know I said not to promise things, but you have to promise that." "Of course, of course, I promise," Cassian murmurs. "But you have to promise me that you are going to try your best to come back to me." "I promise," Kes agrees. "You have given me every reason to." Cassian wants to say – Kes already had everything before they met, he had Shara, he had a future with her where they made Poe and grew old together in a little house under fruit trees on a beautiful planet— But now is not for that. He just kisses Kes again, probably more deeply than he should. "I love you," Kes says, urgently, his hands fisted in the sides of Cassian's shirt. He can't have known, but— "You are my family." "Te amo y más." Cassian kisses his cheek, his nose. And then he gently pulls away, because Kes won't. He's different from Shara in that way. "Cassian." It's Jyn, peering through from the back room. "He's nearly falling asleep. If you want to say goodbye—" This is directed to Shara and to Kes, although Jyn isn't really looking at them. Kes wipes his face and nods, heading over toward Jyn and Poe, clucking quiet coos. "Ay, mijito," he says, taking Poe from Jyn's arms. "We all love you so much." Shara goes over too, and Cassian watches her hand find the small of Kes' back to steady him. He stays back with Jyn: he'll be with Poe. Every day. He is the lucky one. Poe's eyes are heavy, and it's clear he doesn't understand what's happening: they've never said goodbyes before. Cassian doesn't listen to the sweet, soft things Kes and Shara murmur to him, or watch the way that Shara turns to her father and folds into his embrace like a little girl. It seems like he barely blinks, before Shara is pulling Kes' arm, and gently taking Poe from his grasp. She kisses his head, and rocks him a moment, before bringing him to Cassian. "Cielo," she says quietly. "He's ready. We're... as ready as we will be. He's almost asleep. You have the bottles?" Cassian nods as he takes Poe and smiles down at the way Poe just barely blinks his eyes open at the change. Shara kisses their baby's eyelids, and draws back. Shara's father is hugging Kes goodbye, and Jyn and Arhat are absent, presumably giving them space. "We'll see you soon," Cassian says to Shara. He smiles sadly. "Rebellions are built on hope." "Keep our little esperanza safe," Shara replies, biting her lip. Cassian nods and adjusts Poe so that he isn't lolling so floppily in his sleep. "To the end." Kes and Shara leave. They say their last goodbyes, and Cassian waves Poe's balled fist, but he can't watch. He cradles Poe to his chest and inhales the baby sweet smell of his hair. He's no longer a member of the Alliance. He's just a father, and he's going to do everything he can to raise Poe the way Kes and Shara trust him to in their absence. Poe rustles once, makes a little squeaking noise, but doesn't wake. Cassian kisses the top of his head. "Come on, mijo. Let's go home." Chapter 15 Chapter by aimmyarrowshigh Yavin 4 | 4 ABY Cassian opens his eyes to calm quiet, sunlight streaming into the room through a window left open to get breeze. Outside, the leaves on the growing koyo shoots rustle and the indignant yells of woollamanders in the jungle beyond the fence argue with the soft calls of the whisper-birds. But inside, the only sound is Kes' gentle breath beside him. His skin is hot and soft where he's nestled up to Cassian's back. Cassian smiles. For once, he's up before Poe. He needs it today, the time to get his mind in order. He rolls over enough to kiss Kes' forehead before slipping out of the bed. Pants on, shirt off. Feet bare. He stretches on his way down the short hall to the kitchen. Caf in the pot. Water boiling. He heads back towards the bedrooms to peek through the crack of Poe's open door, just to make sure he's asleep. Sure enough, he's still passed out, one dimpled arm stuck through the slats of his crib, reaching after a toy on the floor. Cassian shakes his head. He blows a kiss into the room, then turns to head back toward the sound of caf percolating. He's taking down two mugs from the cabinet when he registers soft feet behind him on the kitchen floor. Kes' arms wrap low around his waist, his chin tucking over Cassian's shoulder. "Good morning, corazón," Cassian murmurs, tipping his head back for a kiss. "Caf's hot." Kes tastes like mint, and his mouth is as hot as the caf. His fingers tug at the waist of Cassian's pants. "Insatiable," Cassian mutters against his mouth. "Poe will be up in thirty seconds once he hears his papá is awake." "So we'll make sure he doesn't hear us," Kes shrugs, but eases back, patting Cassian's hip and taking his mug of caf. "That boy has the ears of a sensor droid," Cassian mutters. "There's no such thing as too—" "Daddy!" Poe yells from down the hall. "Papá!" "Quiet," Cassian finishes. There's a quick patter of fat baby feet and then Poe is standing in the kitchen doorway in his diaper and a white tee shirt, his belly poking out, pillow wrinkles on his round cheeks, beaming. He's an expert at breaking out of his crib. No bars can hold Poe Dameron for long. Cassian and Kes share a look. They'll have to get him a bigger bed, and soon. "Hi!" He chirps at Kes. "¿Estás aquí?" Kes smiles and scoops Poe up. "Yep, buddy, I'm still here." He's been home for three weeks now, and Poe still asks every morning. Poe looks pleased, and rubs at his eyes in the bright of the kitchen. "Drink yucky," he observes when Kes tries to kiss him and smells like caf. "Not for papás," Kes argues. He kisses the top of Poe's head instead. "You hungry, pal?" Poe nods and squirms to reach out for Cassian, done with Kes now that he's been given affection. Cassian takes him and ruffles his whisper bird's nest of curls. "Did you have sweet dreams, chiquito?" Poe nods and clings into Cassian's neck. "Fruit?" "You dreamed about fruit?" Cassian asks, innocently, and Poe grimaces, shaking his head. "Fruit, please. " Cassian kisses Poe's forehead and sets him down on his sturdy legs. "All right. Can you set the table?" Poe's smile is all tiny bright teeth. "Yes!" Kes gets out the silverware and Poe's own small plate, following Poe to the table and handing him pieces as he reaches for them. "This is Daddy's chair," Poe explains to Kes, again, as he sets out a big plate and spoon. He passes by the head of the table. "This is Abue-ito's chair." He gestures for the second big plate. "This is your chair." "And where is your chair?" Kes asks, just to see Poe laugh at how silly he is. "This is my chair!" He proclaims, climbing up the booster chair until he needs Kes' help to get his legs through the seat. Kes sets his plate down in front of him and Poe wriggles happily. "Fruit ready!" "The fruit is ready," Cassian agrees, bringing the small, halved koyo melons over to the table as Kes buckles wiggly Poe into his seat. Last year, the plants had only grown thumb-sized, hard, sour fruits, but this year's crop seem right. "Yes, yes, yes," Poe chants to himself, as Cassian starts cubing the melon on his plate into finger-sized chunks. Cassian kisses the top of Poe's head again. "Da gracias a la Fuerza, mijo." "Gracias," Poe chimes, then shoves fruit into his mouth. The first time they'd shared a meal after Kes arrived, he'd asked Cassian about the words. They started with Shara's father, but it didn't take long for Cassian, surrounded by a peaceful jungle, with Poe on his lap, to start echoing them himself. Now it feels natural to prompt Poe to say them, too. They have a lot to be grateful for. Whenever Cassian says it, a voice echoes back to him, I am one with the Force, the Force is with me . It doesn't hurt the way it used to. He'd told Chirrut that day, in a cell on a destroyed planet, that he had a different agenda for himself than the Force did. It's true: he'd planned to die for the Rebellion. The Force planned for him to survive, to be here with Kes and Poe, because of Shara. Kes has warmed nut bread, and he brings it over to the table for Cassian, with a jar of the jelly Shara's father left the last time he was here. He lives just across the fields, on the other side of the koyo fruit orchard. "Thanks," Cassian says, around a mouthful of fruit, and Poe glances up from his melon for a moment. Kes smiles at Poe and tears a little piece from his toast. "Do you want some bread, mijo?" Poe nods, juice running down his chin and making his fingers sticky as he takes the toast from Kes. "Thank you," he says dutifully. He needs reminders to thank Cassian, these days, but he's more used to Cassian. "You're welcome," Kes says, and puts more jam on his own bread. "Do you like it?" Poe nods, humming. He likes everything. He's a happy child. It's still somewhat amazing to Cassian, the idea of a happy child. "Do you know what day it is, chiquito?" Cassian asks, putting more melon on Poe's plate. Poe shrugs. Every day is the same to him: eat, play, nap, eat, play, eat, sleep. Cassian shares a look with Kes, and Kes reaches across the table to take his hand. "Mamá's coming home today," Cassian reminds Poe. Poe nods, yellow-pink fruit flesh falling out of his mouth. "Mamá's coming home today." Cassian leans over to swipe the fruit back up and into his mouth instinctively. Poe doesn't seem to notice. Kes smiles at Poe. "She's very excited to see you, mijo. But you need to put away your toys first, right?" Poe scrunches up his face and has to swallow a couple times to clear his mouth to talk. "Wanna show mamá my toys," he says, on the verge of whining. He looks to Cassian, pleading. Cassian gives Poe a look. "Don't you want to show mamá what a big boy you are? Keeping your room clean?" Poe shoves more melon in his mouth and flops in his seat. "Big boy," he mutters, frowning, but point conceded. Beneath the tabletop, Kes reaches for Cassian's hand and laces their fingers together, squeezing. Shara comes home today. * * * After they've washed the plates from breakfast and Kes has helped Poe put most of his toys away, the three of them wait for Shara in the kitchen garden. Poe picks bushymoth caterpillars off the topato plants and carefully trundles them over to the flower beds, where they can pollinate the plants without danger of eating any young fruits. "Good job, panita." Kes pulls off his heavy gardening glove and holds out his hand for Poe to high-five. "You're a hard worker." Poe smacks his hand with glee and goes back to babbling at the caterpillars, letting one crawl up his arm and giggling at the ticklish sensation. Kes stays crouched, smiling at Poe like he can't believe he's real. Cassian catches him at that a lot: the utter awe and open adoration for this little person that Poe has become in the last two years. He does it himself, of course, but he's been here to see the progression in person. For Kes, Poe was a tiny baby, and now he's a whole person with ideas and opinions and a personality too big to fit into his little barrel-chested chubby body. Cassian glances up from watering a row of small Naboo lettuces, and grins. "Poe! Look over there – what is that?" Poe follows Cassian's pointing finger and shrieks, eyes gone huge. "Ship!" "That's right!" Cassian strips off his gloves and lifts the bouncing toddler onto his shoulders. "What kind of ship?" "A-wing!" Poe chirps. "Triangle." Kes stands up beside them, watching the A-wing's path across the blue sky of the clearing. "Do you want to go watch the ship?" Kes asks Poe. His voice cracks like he's a preteen again, so excited to see Shara that he can't help it. "Yes, please," says Poe, squeaky with similar excitement. Cassian keeps hold of Poe's knees as he carries him toward the landing pad they share with a few other nearby families. It's seldom used. "Ooh, it's so pretty," Poe says, reverently, as the A-wing hovers and descends, smooth in the warm air. "It is," Cassian agrees, when it seems like all Kes can do is nod. Kes has been with Shara, other than the last few weeks. Cassian hasn't seen her other than in grainy blue holos for nearly two years . He finds himself holding his breath as he eases Poe down from his shoulders, setting him on the ground so when Shara opens the cockpit he can – He isn't sure if Poe will recognize her, but he hopes so. "Landing!" Poe yells. They see ships streak overhead just about every day, and Poe chases and waves to them all, but very few land in their field. "Do you know who's in that ship, Poe?" Cassian asks, smoothing a wild curl off Poe's forehead. "A pilot!" Poe shrieks. "The best pilot in the galaxy," Kes says, still watching as the ship settles on the pad, steam and exhaust blooming like a flower around it. Poe jumps up and down between Kes and Cassian as the thrusters shut down, blue light dimming until the pressure gauges unseal with a hiss . Kes finds Cassian's hand, gripping it tightly. The ship's hatch opens and Poe gasps. Shara's wearing her orange flight-suit, hair loose around her shoulders, and she looks like the doll Poe sleeps with, tucked under his arm. She turns towards their house like it's instinct, even though she's never been there and all of the small wooden ranch homes on their flood stilts are identical. The sun shines behind her like she's an angel, and she starts to walk toward the three boys only slightly tremulously. Poe is so overcome by the idea of meeting a real pilot that he hides behind Cassian's legs. "Ay, mijito," Cassian murmurs, reaching down to ruffle Poe's hair, "Do you know who that is?" Shara stops far enough back to be nonthreatening and crouches down to Poe's eye-line. She smiles at him gently, the way she always has when they holo-call. She looks different in flesh and blood than blue light, but Poe should know that smile. "Hi, Poe," she says. "I've missed you so, so much." Cassian looks down at Poe, still half-hidden behind his legs, peeking out around Cassian's knee. He can almost see the wheels turning in Poe's head as he puts it all together: the pilot doll, the smiling face, her voice . "Mamá," Poe whispers, and then he's running towards the landing pad, towards Shara, yelling at the top of his small lungs. "Mamá!" Poe throws himself into her arms like he never left them, and Cassian can tell Shara is crying. Poe tugs at her hands excitedly, and Shara lets herself be pulled across the open field towards them and the house. Cassian laughs as he realizes what their son is saying. "I show you! I show you!" He can't stop smiling. Shara is here, she's finally here . She's whole and healthy and beautiful. She came back for them. Poe doesn't slow down as they reach Kes and Cassian – he wants to show his mami his toy ships, nothing else matters. Shara gives them a joyful, apologetic glance as he leads her on, cheeks wet and mouth laughing. Kes leans into Cassian's shoulder. "She's here," he whispers, helpless. Cassian nods. It seems impossible. He tugs Kes' hand. "Let's go." Kes nods, already set to let Cassian pull him across the field and up their steps. Tears glaze Kes' eyes, but haven't fallen yet. They can hear Poe talking when they come in the kitchen door. He's babbling in his mix of actual words and baby chatter, and every so often they can hear Shara agreeing with him. Kes squeezes Cassian's hand again. This is their house, the house that Cassian built and cleaned and kept for their family while Kes and Shara were gone. Finally, it's beginning to sound like a home. They find Poe and Shara in Poe's little bedroom, Poe tucked happily into Shara's lap on the floor as he shows off his A-wing toy. "It goes veeeee-oooom ," Poe tells Shara excitedly. "That's right," Shara agrees. She smooths down his crazy hair again. "Maybe sometime soon we can go flying in my A-wing." Poe's eyes look as if they might pop out of his face. He wriggles and throws his arms around Shara's neck. She hugs him back, swaying a little. Cassian and Kes sit down on either side of her, and Cassian reaches out to clasp her knee. Just to touch her. Just to be sure she's really here to stay. Poe reaches for Cassian with one arm, tugging his sleeve. "Mamá fly with me?" Cassian nods. "Would you like that?" Poe looks like he would love nothing more in the entire galaxy. And truthfully: neither would Cassian. Poe doesn't need to wish for things like safety or food or warmth or love. He has those, implicitly. He can dream of bigger things, like taking off to fly just for the exhilaration of it. "Your mamá is a very good pilot," Cassian tells him. "The best." He leans in closer to mock-whisper, "But sometimes, it's very bumpy." "You love my bumpy flying," Shara says, knowingly, and Cassian can only smile at her and nod. He does. He leans closer and kisses her, light and gentle but real . Poe is watching them curiously when Cassian pulls back. He looks over to Kes, then back to Cassian, and to Shara again. "See my X-wing?" Poe asks her after a moment, reaching down to pull up another wooden figurine. "Oh, that's very cool," Shara says, smiling at Cassian over his curly head. Kes leans in close, "What about the Y-wing you have, buddy, where's that one?" Poe points toward Kes' knee, and Kes picks up the toy. He makes a zooming noise as he flies it towards Poe's nose. "Ahh!" Poe squeals, and he giggles when Kes sets it down in his lap. Shara wraps her arms around Poe's chubby belly and shimmies him until he laughs, flying his ships towards Cassian and Kes. In the last five years, Cassian's life has seemed to stop and start over more times than he thought possible. This one, though, feels like it might stick. He's optimistic. Home is built on hope. Notes: Title from “No Matter Where You Are” (Us the Duo, Book of Life soundtrack). We owe a huge thanks to Hannah , for the beta and encouragement, and P for helping us to create so many different working parts to Space Latin America and its characters' home planets by helping us to learn about and explore so many different aspects of real!Latin America. Thank you for fixing V's terrible bad-textbook Spanish. Everything you shared made this fic better, and made us better writers, too. Bless both you and Diego Luna for your many Spanish swears and using them so creatively. We also owe a huge thanks to both of our artists! Thank you to @rey-of-luke for being to patient about having to wait to read a workable draft and for being our polybang artist -- thank you for taking a chance on a niche ship of dreams and nonsense! And thank you to Rue W. @ruewalker for making us an incredible drawing and not even making us pay for it. And thank you for listening to V wax poetic about Diego Luna’s and Oscar Isaac’s and Stephanie Beatriz’s faces to do so. While we realize that a Star Wars actor’s ethnicity isn’t a one-to-one equivalent for that of the character they play, with Oscar Isaac talking about space!Guatemala last year leading up to TFA, and seeing Diego Luna’s excitement about Mexicans in space, we wanted to honor that excitement and embrace it in this fic. With the obvious exception of Cassian and Jyn surviving, we stuck as close to canon as we could discern with regard to timings/locations/events. Dates use the classic “BBY (Before the Battle of Yavin) / ABY (After the Battle of Yavin)” designations. SW Legends has the galactic calendar with a 10-month (plus three “festival weeks”) year, but we just went with ten months because math. If you have other questions or want to know stuff or just want to hit us up on Tumblr, we’re at @aimmyarrowshigh and @nichestars, respectively!