Rey woke in response to a metallic rasping clash. Her alarm was immediate. She was restrained on a metal table. The lighting was dim but clear and the masked figure that had hunted her in the forest was crouched before her. He must have been watching her while she was unconscious. Her heart rate was increasing. "Where am I?" The masked figure looked at her for a moment. "You're my guest." His voice was deep and smooth but mechanically enhanced. "Where are the others?" He twitched in possible anger. "You mean the murderers, traitors and thieves you call friends? You'll be relieved to hear that I have no idea." There was a pause and she tested her restraints again. She was firmly strapped in place but not painfully so. "You still want to kill me?" There was a hint that he was surprised. She took a breath. "That happens when you're being hunted by a creature in a mask.." A beat of silence as he looked at her and then she watched him remove the helmet from his head as he stood. He was young and dark haired. His face open and strong but not beautiful. His stare was intense and she felt a shiver run through her as she realized that he was reading her immediate reactions to him. His expression didn't reveal anything. He walked to her side. "Tell me about the droid." His voice was assured and gentle. It didn't matter. She felt the threat. "He's a BB unit with a selenium drive and a thermal hyperscan vindicator --" He broke in on her. "He's carrying a section of navigational chart. We have the rest, recovered from archives of the Empire. We need the last piece. And somehow, you convinced the droid to show it to you. You." He paused. " A scavenger --" Rey tried to keep her face impassive but was confused as to how he could know so much. He bent closer to her face. She glanced up at him and then away. His eyes were fixed on her face. "You know I can take whatever I want." His voice was even and smooth but there was no escaping the threat of his words. She felt adrenalin spike as his hand drew close to the side of her face. Then she felt the warmth of him push into her mind. She glanced at him in surprise as a feeling washed between them balanced and was gone. Then he pushed harder and there was pain but also a dizzy heat that spread from the top of her head slowly down her body making her light headed. All she was aware of was him. He was so close to her face that she felt his breath on her neck. His voice began just above a whisper. "... You're so lonely... so afraid to leave... At night, desperate to sleep... you imagine an ocean. I see it -- I see the island..." She tried to resist him but he was relentless and she felt hot tears on her cheek. She clenched her teeth. " And Han Solo. You feel like he's the father you never had. He would've disappointed you." Rey turned to face him anger spiking through her. "Get out of my head." He came slightly closer. "I know you've seen the map. It's in there... and now you'll give it to me. Don't be afraid." She pulled at the restraints. His face became puzzled. "I feel it too." From somewhere a strength started to flow in Reys mind. She felt a wall of energy build in her. And as she spoke she knew it was truth. "I'm not giving you anything." The man dressed in black started back from her and came to face her directly - his gloved hand stretched towards her face. A slight tremor took him. "We'll see." And then Rey felt the push against her mind increase but unlike before she had something to push back with and she did push, with all of her might. She found her body leaning forwards towards him in a physical expression of the mental energy she was directing at him. They stared at each other as the battle increased between them. The man started to look shocked and took a step back and then all of sudden Rey was aware that she and broken through to his mind. A place of heat and ice, love and rage and a deep abiding fear that she moved towards although she didn't understand how. And then suddenly she knew; and felt the power of knowing his weakness. "... You... you're afraid... that you will never be as strong as... Darth Vader!" The push against her was suddenly gone and he reared back in confusion and shock his breathing labored his eyes never leaving her face. And then he turned and went. A year after the events of the 'Force Awakens’. Rey sat looking out at the sea as birds hovered above the cliffs their voices crying out. She never tired of the view. Never ceased to be amazed at the power of so much water. She pulled her grey cloak about her. The sun was retreating behind the horizon and the air was becoming chill. Rey thought that after a year of being on the island with Luke her Master the time had come for them to leave and re-join the resistance. Luke was reluctant to interrupt her training and had been firm in his insistence that Rey got the basics completed before venturing out into the wider galaxy. She bowed her head to her master and hid her rebellious thoughts. She understood that after what had happened with Ben Solo he was averse to putting her in a situation that might tempt her to the dark side without the training to resist. She thought he saw something in her that made him uneasy and yet they had not talked about the turmoil she felt. The universe needed Luke Skywalker again. They needed his wisdom, they needed the symbol he was, to fight for, and Leia needed her brother. Ray was aware of all these things and also at her impatience at ending up on a backwater planet again away from her friends. Rey sighed. Something else called to her although she didn't like to face it and she hadn't told her master about it. When she slept, or when she meditated she felt something there. A yearning presence, a need that could not be filled. Fear and rage and darkness, but not just that, a warmth that was seductive. She had been in his mind just once but that was enough - now he was always there just beneath the surface. She wasn't reading his mind but she was always aware that he was existing somewhere in that huge expanse of mostly nothingness. Her destiny lay with Kylo Ren for good or for bad. She did not pretend to know the ways of the force but she did know that he would figure in her future and that she must be prepared to face him. She had beaten him twice but she was under no illusions that this would happen a third time. He had been taken unawares by the power that she had and had wanted to take her alive if he could. Now that she had marked him and drawn first blood their next meeting would not be friendly. Rey shut her eyes and wondered what his face looked like now with a scar. She stood suddenly to break the thoughts and started walking back to her hut. Night was falling and they were early to bed and early to rise on this little island. That night she dreamt of him again. They were in a dark cave and she could hear him searching for her, his feet scuffing the dusty ground, while she crouched in a corner. She pushed her self against the rock wall trying not to make a sound. “Where are you?” A whisper filled the space and sought her. Terror made her heart race, she reached for her lightsaber but there was nothing at her side. “Where are you?” his voice was louder. She thought she could feel him close. “Face me.” And though the beat of blood rushed through her head she found herself standing and turning towards a flickering red light. It blinded her to the person beyond it. He moved his weapon to his side and walked towards her and she could see the edge of his face and the dark pits of his eyes flashing in the red light. She tried to move but couldn't and she thought that her heart would burst in her chest from the terror. He loomed above her and she felt the heat of him as an arm pulled her against his body. And then the floor fell away and they were spinning in the stars as he held her. “Where are you?” She resisted and shook her head even as she clung to him so that she was not lost in the vast expanse. “Where are you?” And he held her harder. “No” She cried suddenly finding a voice. “Let me in.” And pressure was building around her and she arched against him. “Let. Me. In.” He growled and the pain was sharp and hot. Her skull felt like it was going to burst and suddenly he broke through. He was everywhere, filling her all at once, hungry and searching and she felt an exquisite unexpected heat build up to wash the pain away. She felt extreme shame that he could see everything but at the same time there was no way to hide. There was a momentary stillness as he paused in his search and looked at her surface thoughts. She felt her body on the edge of release and wanting something she couldn’t put a name to. And then she felt him slowly moving towards her pleasure, pushing at it, entering it, and then stretching it so that she could no longer hold anything or anywhere from him and she rode the explosion that expanded towards the stars holding him in her until the waves of her orgasm waned. In that time of weakness, just for a moment, she wished that he were there with her in this lost place and just as quickly she clamped down on the thought but he was too fast and grabbed at it and held on to it and the last thing she felt as she woke sweaty and panting was his triumph. She rose immediately and stood in the darkness hearing the wind and the sea but seeing nothing. She went out of the hut and a fine rain cooled her face. She was afraid. This was a dream that she had had many times in the last three months but it had never ended in the way that it had just now. Her eyes just made out her surroundings from a large moon behind scudding clouds. She moved towards the steps that would take her to the summit of the island. At the top she went to stand at the edge of the cliff hearing the waves crashing far below her. She felt the cold wet grass beneath her feet and tried to centre herself and shake off her dream. She started to breath slowly and let go of herself. Rey emptied her mind and felt the calm and comfort of the light. Was it just a dream she asked hoping for some sort of answer. None came. Chapter 2 Rey remained on the summit of the island until the first light of dawn could be seen in the north. She had searched for answers and rather than finding any sense of peace she only felt alarm. If she was honest there was a clear feeling of danger. Something was coming. She could dismiss these feeling as the wild imaginings and fears that had always scared her in the lonely darkness but this felt different. She decided that she must go and tell Luke. She finally raised herself from the crossed leg pose she had adopted finding her self so stiff that she almost fell. At Luke’s hut she paused before she beat the damp wood of his door. She didn’t like to disturb him so early but her sense of danger was persistent and urgent. She looked to the sky fearing that at any moment she would see lights moving towards them. She didn’t. Everything was peaceful cut by the ever violent sea. Rey took a deep breath and knocked. She was surprised when she heard movement inside almost immediately. Luke opened the door. There was already a small fire burning and he was fully dressed. “Come in. Come to the fire.” She did as she was bid a number of questions springing to her lips but she kept them in her head for now. With Luke, she had found, it was better to think before she asked. Luke shut the twilight dawn out and brought a steaming cup of liquid to her. He indicated she should sit on the mat while he sat on a low stool. She took the tea and sipped only now realising how cold and damp she had been. “I thought you would be asleep.” She looked up into his weary face. He was looking at her intently. “I felt your turmoil and something else…” He looked up and appeared to be listening. Then shook his head slightly and looked back at her. “You have come to tell me something.” Rey took a breath and then found that she couldn’t think of where to start or what to reveal. She looked into the flames of the fire for a moment and willed herself to have courage. She trusted her master. “Master I think somebody is coming. I feel the danger.” Suddenly to speak of her fear was to make it more real for her. “Oh master I haven’t told you about the dreams. I have been having dreams where…” She trailed off not knowing how to talk about Kylo Ren to Luke. Luke leant forward and took her hand. “Go on. Let go of the fear and the darkness. The force will guide us. Trust it.” He didn’t let go of her hand. Rey took a calming breath and let go of the tension that had built in her. She opened herself to the force and let it calm her and then let the words come freely. “Master. I have had dreams of Kylo Ren since the destruction of Star Killer base. They don’t feel like my other dreams. He is always looking for me, always searching. Sometimes we see each other but I know he doesn’t really find me.” She paused looking up at Luke. She couldn’t read anything from his expression. “Last night I think he may have learned where we are.” She grimaced. “I think I may have revealed it to him.” Luke leant back letting go of her hand. “You think that my nephew can enter your dreams?” He didn’t sound dismissive as she had feared he would. “I didn’t believe it could be so Master, for so long, but yes I believe he really is in my dreams and now he is coming for us. Soon.” She looked at her drink. It seemed silly to drink tea when she expected the forces of darkness to descend on them at any moment. “Rey.” She looked back at her master. “These are troubling things of which you speak and I would usually council that meditation and looking to the force would bring the answers that we need. But,” He paused and his expression became more grim. “I have also felt the danger. I have felt a change in the nature of the force and I would be a fool to ignore the warning signs.” He stood suddenly. “I was that fool once before and look what it brought and keeps on bringing.” He walked to his table and she noticed a bag on it. “I can sense that you wish to flee and I agree. If he comes he will not come alone and you are not trained. Child, it is time to go. Retrieve your things.” He picked up his bag. Rey felt adrenalin spike through her. Her shock at the turn of events rooted her to the floor. “Quickly! The storm is almost upon us.” Rey jumped to her feet and ran to the door pulling it open. “Rey.” She looked back at Luke. “I will meet you at the ship.” She ran. It wasn’t far to her dwelling and in the grey morning light she was there quickly pushing open the door. It was very dark inside but she didn’t need a light to know where her cloak was, the bag that held her few meagre possessions and the staff resting by her bed in the corner. She took a step inside, and then stopped as a feeling of dread came over her. She had an overwhelming sense that she was not the only person in the small space. She tried to back out as quickly as she had entered but the door slammed behind her and then she new who was there as clearly as if she had seen him. His force signature was revealed in all it’s turbulent violence. Kylo Ren lit his light sabre and she could finally see him. Masked looking seemingly relaxed. “Going somewhere?” His head tilted slightly to the side regarding her with interest. Rey was overcome by shock and the realisation that she stood before him with no weapon, no way to defend herself. Luke’s original lightsaber was at the bottom of her bag and her staff would not defend her from Kylo’s hissing blade. There was nothing she could do. Rey took a breath to try and calm herself but it didn’t seem to do her any good. How had he come so quickly? How had she not sensed that he was already here? “Will you come without a fight? My forces are dealing with Skywalker. He is vastly outnumbered and you are unarmed. It is hopeless for you to resist.” He held out an arm to her. “Come.” She couldn’t say that she didn’t think about it. She didn’t see a way out but submission was not something that had ever come naturally to her. Not to a creature as vile as him. “No.” He sighed. “The hard way then?” His stance changed subtly and Rey felt her heart stutter. At the same moment that Kylo raised his hand to attempt to freeze her, Rey ducked and rolled to her staff grabbing it and swiftly jabbing his side with it. He was knocked a few paces back more from surprise than anything else. She turned and grabbed up her bag and then force pushed the door with all her might. She ran for the light expecting at any moment to feel the heat of his blade in her back but it didn’t come. She made it out of the door and up a few of the steps. Luke had hidden the original ship on which he had arrived, in an island cave and there was only one path to reach it. Kylo stooped to exit her little hut watching her run seemingly not urgent in his pursuit. After a few moments of watching her he followed, taking the steps two at a time. Rey’s legs started to burn with the effort of trying to reach the summit but her fear drove her to work harder. She was almost at the level grassy space at the top of the island. Once there she went left veering towards the hidden path that Luke had shown her only a few times before. Then she stopped. She couldn’t lead Kylo to it. She had to deal with him before she attempted the treacherous path downwards. Rey turned dropping her staff and reaching into her canvas bag gripping the light sabre at the bottom of it. She pulled it out and ignited it taking a few steps backwards away from the steps that Kylo Ren was about to appear from. The wind was cold and damp and the sea was ever present but Rey noticed none of these things as she felt him come closer. And then he was there, rising up like a nightmare but only too real. He took in her stance and raised his own weapon to mirror her but made no move. “You cannot beat me this time Scavenger. I am at full strength and am not injured. You would do best to lower your weapon and speak to me.” Rey felt rage course through her. “Nothing you have to say would interest me. You disgust me.” Her voice was low and strained. Rey heard the sounds of blasters coming from behind her from over the drop in the cliff. Had the forces with Kylo reached the ship? Would they overcome Luke? Worry for him made her look over her shoulder momentarily. “We know each other better than that, don’t we?” His voice had become softer even with the modulation. “We are linked, you and I. You can fight it, but you can’t escape it. I think you know that already.” “I don’t want anything to do with you.” She screamed her passionate hatred of him and at the same moment moved forward with an overhead strike. He defended easily and then spun to come at her from the side. Rey danced backwards as the heat of his blade singed some of her clothing. Then she stopped thinking and just started to react as their battle seemed to become a dance that she already knew the steps to. It quickly became apparent to Rey that Kylo was right and that she was not going to be able to beat him this time. Luke had not wanted to focus on battle before she got some mastery of controlling her emotions. Something she found difficult. As her feelings of anger towards Kylo started to abate she began to tire. Her sleepless night and the loss of adrenalin were adding up and she started to make sloppy mistakes. She was consistently losing ground to Kylo and couldn’t see a way to escape. He was dogged in his attack and soon she found herself at the edge of the cliff. The sea way beneath her foaming at rocks. It was reminiscent of standing at the ravine on Star Killer but she felt no surge of energy and no assurance that she could get herself out of the situation. Kylo surprised her by taking a step back and lowering his weapon. “I don’t wish to kill you if I can avoid it.” He was breathing hard and his voice sounded desperate. “Let me teach you. You have so much potential and power but you are wasting it here!” "I would rather die. So just do it. If you can." She raised her lightsaber in defiance. "That old man cannot help you. I can. I know where you came from. I know about you. Come with me and you will learn so much.” Rey looked at him for a long moment. “You know who my parents were?” Kylo took a small step forward his weapon ignited but lowered. “That and much more.” His voice was low but intense. She had been with Luke for year and although it was clear from their first conversation that he was not her father he wouldn’t give her any further information. That, and the unwillingness to teach her to fight greatly frustrated her. Now she saw clearly how tempting the first steps to the dark side could be. Just little things, but things you yearned for with all your heart. She looked at Kylo Ren, his massive presence overwhelming in a physical and force sense and imagined for a moment what would happen if she just gave up. Was there a part of her that could do the things that Kylo had done? Could she kill and torture and lay waste to all that was dear to her. No. She couldn’t be that person. Not today. But in a moment of clarity she recognised the darkness that had always been with her. Saw that it existed and that she might not always escape it. She took a step backwards and felt the updraft cold at her back. "I don’t want to turn to the dark side.” Her voice was quiet and Kylo came forward a pace his off hand reaching for her. “You don’t know about the dark side. It isn’t what you have been told.” Hot outrage spiralled out of her core . “I watched you murder you’re father.” Her voice was ugly and strained. “That - is all I need to know.” She felt the sudden spike of his rage even before he raised his sabre high above his head. Rey reacted with a sharp and sudden force push to his centre and then she turned and leaped forward from the cliff. She heard a cry of anguish behind her as she plummeted and in no time at all she hit and was consumed by the dark cold ocean. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Leia awoke before it was light, screaming silently from the nightmare that had gripped her. She sat up in bed to try and distance herself from the feelings. She had been dreaming of Ben again. Only moments before she had had his warm body cradled protectively in her arms. His little mouth nuzzling at her breast for milk as she stared intently at his dark lashes and the contended huffs of breath he made. But soon enough the baby was slipping from her grasp even as she tried so hard to hold onto him. The darkness beating down on them and the baby screaming. Leia started to sob again. She took up a pillow and muffled the deep anguished moan that came from deep in her gut. She wanted to fight something or kick something but yet again she didn’t think that there was anything she could do. She had lost everyone that she had ever loved. She had sent her husband to his death. Her son was living in hell, she knew, she knew it in the darkest part of her. Her agony and guilt did not stop but she couldn’t think what to do but carry on as she had always done. She must do her duty, she must lead her people, she must fight the dark side. Arguably doing her duty had lost her a son. Ben had always had nightmares, he would turn up at all hours of the night trying to wriggle into her arms with stories of monsters and rather than take him to her, she had taken him back to his bed because she knew it was only hours until she would have to be back in the senate. Doing her duty. Some days she felt mad and wanted to claw at her own skin for the mistakes that she had made. That she had not listened, she had not protected and in the end she had sent him to her brother and washed her hands of him completely. And Luke had failed him just as she had done and they lost him. She could blame Snoke, but she allowed the monster in through her own emotional neglect and she knew it. Leia got out of bed knowing that she could sleep no more. The floor was cold and her bones protested as she tried to stretch the kinks out. She went towards her fresher hoping that the hot water would wash away some of the pain but bitter experience told her otherwise. A few hours later she was looking at resourcing plans and wondering how the resistance was going to feed itself for the next few months let alone fix all the problems they were having with their power generation and aircraft. There were always a million little problems that seemed to come across her desk. The command structure in the resistance was entirely too flat for her liking. Still at least decision making was as straight forward as it could get. A small group of people in a room was better than a large group of people in a room any day. She sighed, her head was hurting and all this mundane work had not removed the grip of the dark tendrils of the nightmare from her. Leia got up and went to the refectory to get some Caff. She sat in a darkened corner hoping that today no one would disturb her but she had been there two minutes when a young officer approached her. She fixed her professional smile to her face. She was very good at being a diplomat, she had always been a diplomat, even if she was an acerbic one. “Report.” Her voice was low and gravelly. “General.” He dipped his head. “There have been sightings of the first order in the same system as Ahch-To. We have some stealth satellites in the system and they reported a small force.” The boy paused. Well really he was a grown man but he looked impossibly fresh to her. “Kylo Ren’s personal ship was also identified.” The deep thrum of her heartbeat was immediate. Fear and joy mixed together with embarrassment at any mention of her son. He was still alive, he was still breathing. Then quick on the heals of that reaction, fear for her brother and Rey. It could be no coincidence that Ben was in the same system as Ahch-To. “Has Luke been in touch?” She asked as she stood, her caff forgotten. “No word and no response to our hails.” Leia’s thoughts were quick and decisive. “Send a squadron.” She started walking towards the command centre. “Get ready a second. It may be a trap but we have to take the risk.” The young man who she now remembered was called Brendan turned away from her to relay her orders. She carried on mentally gearing herself up for an argument. The command centre was a disturbed hive as she walked in. Three different underlings tried to get her attention but she waved them away as she sighted the only person that could really stop her plans. General Allund was the other general on the base at the moment. She caught his eye as she walked across the room and he waved away the two pilots he had been talking to as she approached. “I’ve put a squadron in the air.” He nodded – this was not news to him. “I’m going to send another as back-up.” He smiled a patient smile. He knew her well enough to know that there was more coming. “I’m going to take the Eclipse and go get my brother.” Finally she saw his characteristic but not unattractive frown mar his forehead. Aledena Allund was ten years her junior, charismatic, and had a force of character and wit that matched her own. They liked each other but that didn’t mean they always agreed. He took her arm and steered her towards his room. His grip was gentle but firm. As soon as the door was shut behind them she shook off his hand. “So you’re going to say no?” She could feel anger rise up in her almost immediately. “Leia.” He tried to lay a hand on her arm again and she batted it away. “Don’t try and talk me out of this. Aled, are you going to ask me sit around and watch another member of my family die or…” She suddenly found that she couldn’t carry on as anger turned into pain. She took a breath desperate to argue her case and not be left behind again. Aled took both of her arms this time and made her look up at him. “That’s not what I was going to say.” He gestured to a chair. “Sit.” She felt tears spring up behind her eyes and blinked rapidly so they wouldn’t spill onto her face. He pushed her gently towards the chair. She sat. “You are too important. I can’t just let you run off and get yourself killed.” He stepped closer to her again and waved away what she was about to say. “But you know I understand how hard this has been for you.” “No don’t tell me to stay here again. I can’t take it this time. Not again.” She found that tears were on her cheek now. When had she become so weak? Was it age that meant she couldn’t mask her feelings as well as in the past. Aled knelt in front of her chair. “I’ve sent a message to Ackbar to come and temporarily take over the running of the base.” Leia looked at Aled in surprise as his slightly weatherworn but kind face took on an expression that she had never seen before. “I’m going to come with you and make sure you don’t do anything stupid.” He raised an eyebrow. “Looks like I’m no good at being left behind either.” All words were driven from Leia’s mind as she looked at Aled and realised that she was not alone. She had a friend. She had not hugged another living soul since Han left her to blow up Star Killer base and so it was strange to find that she had put her arms around another humans body. Aled returned her embrace with strength and Leia found that she needed it. Notes: If you have read this far thank you! This is my first fan fiction so I know it is far from perfect. Any feedback I get would be welcome. Positive or negative Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The resounding boom and cold of water hit Rey hard. She went under a long way and felt her right leg catch a rock that had been at the cliff base. She was confused for a moment but her instincts took over and she pushed for the surface, broke through and took a painful lung of air. She still had her lightsaber clutched in a death grip so she attached it to her belt with some difficulty, the cold water making her fingers clumsy and numb. The salt stung her eyes but she looked up to see if she was being watched. She saw nothing. Her leg started to hurt. She was injured and if she was going to get away she needed to move fast. She spun in the water trying position herself. She took a large lungful of air and dived beneath the water swimming to the sea bed at the base of the cliff. In the murk she could see the large hidden entrance to the cave. She strove towards it praying that there was enough breath in her lungs to get her where she needed to go. The leg that had scraped the rock after her jump was not working as well as the left but she tried not to think of how badly she had hurt herself. There would be time for that later. In her focus to get to the cave and the ship, she was unaware of a body hitting the water some way behind her. Kylo had stopped long enough to remove his helmet and most of his clothing, attached his lightsaber to his belt, and then taken a graceful dive into the water. He didn’t need to see her to follow her and took powerful strokes in her wake. Rey was starting to panic when she finally broke the surface in the dark cave. Relief was sudden and very sweet and gave her the energy to drag herself onto the gritty beach. She gasped in the air for a few moments before the urgency of her situation prompted her to try and get to her feet. Her right leg gave way and she fell again with a cry of pain. Her injury was worse than she had thought. She had to go on though. She got up again but favoured her left leg and half hopped and stumbled towards the dark shape some meters in front of her. She managed to get to the entrance and saw the illumination of the few lights on the door panel. The door was closed. That meant that Luke probably wasn’t inside the small ship. Rey looked towards the other entrance to the cave. A small patch of light some way above her and wondered if she should go in or go back for him. She was injured and would be more of a hindrance than help, but it went against every fibre of her being to leave anybody behind. She knew that treachery very intimately. The panic of indecision had Rey shaking even harder but in the end she realised that there was no choice. She could feel warm blood slipping down her leg. She either went, died or was captured. Her only choices were bad choices so she put her shaking fingers to the door panel and was about to put in the code when she heard a sound behind her and spun. There was a large figure standing very close. It wasn’t Luke. How had she not felt him again. He was obviously very good at hiding his force signature when he wanted. Rey reached for her lightsaber but he was on her before she could release it. He took both of her wrists painfully in his hands and pushed her against the door with his body. His skin was hot through her thin coverings. She was terrified and trapped and turned her head so that her cheek was against his chest. She could hear the fast and heavy beat of his heart and smelled the faint mixture of sweat, and some sort of scent he must wear. The thought of him putting on scent before a battle side tracked her for a moment. Kylo shifted his body slightly so that he could move both her hands above her head and then used one large hand to grip them. "Got you.” He whispered gruffly. “I like this cave a lot less than the last one.” His voice was slightly louder and echoed through the empty space. Rey felt dizzy and she wasn’t sure if it was from being so close to him or from loss of blood or both. “Now you must stop running.” His voice was even. “I have you and I’m not going to let you go.” He sucked in a breath and moved away from her very slightly. “I’ll make you a deal. Luke is still fighting off my force. He’s hurt but I think he will make it. If you come with me I’ll let him go. I’ll leave him alive.” He dipped his head down so she could feel his breath at her ear. “The alternative is that I take you by force and I kill him.” Rey grit her teeth and turned her face towards his. “I hate you.” “That’s irrelevant.” His voice was low but urgent. “Make your choice.” His body pressed into her again and she sucked in a breath, blood beating in her temple, making rational thought difficult. A spike of rage made her turn her face back to his naked flesh and bite him hard. His body jolted in response but his grip on her never wavered. She could feel the beat of his heart increase. “Stop, or I will bite you back.” His voice was strained and he ground her wrists together painfully. “Do you want me to?” It was both a threat and a question but Rey stopped aware of the tang of his blood on her tongue. “I don’t trust you.” She ground out and tried to kick at him with her good leg. She didn’t have enough room to do anything painful. “I think you will kill him anyway.” He sighed heavily and there was a pause. “Alright. See the truth. My barriers are down. Look for yourself.” He wasn’t moving away from her and the whole idea of entering his head at this moment while they were so physically close felt very alarming. She didn’t think she had a lot of options as she really would save Luke at the expense of herself if Kylo was being earnest. Rey shut her eyes and tried to reconnect with the feeling she had had when she had pushed into his head before, but she found it difficult to recapture what she had done. She had been full of anger and determination and to some extent had followed the path that he had already made when he had interrogated her. Now she was in pain and frightened and didn’t seem to have any focus at all. She gave a small cry of frustration and wriggled in his grip. “I can’t do it.” She sniffed holding back tears. She would not cry in front of him. “Fine. I’ll show you.” His voice became even and the push of his force signature seemed to change in consistency. Warming and enveloping her so that everything around them started to feel very far away. “Let go. Just let yourself come to me.” Rey arched slightly at the changes that were happening. This was nothing like before. Before he had invaded her and rifled through her thoughts at will. This felt a bit like melting into him and it wasn’t painful. She started to panic as she had a sensation of falling. “Just relax.” She could hardly hear his words above the sound of the waves lapping in the cave but she also heard his words in her mind and the fuller meaning of his intent behind them because all at once she was in his world. His wishes and desires becoming hers. For a dizzying time she couldn’t separate herself out from him. It may have been mere moments or it might have been hours in which she tasted the exultant pleasure of having captured the one thing she wanted more than anything else. Having it there, holding it. The chase had been exciting and sometimes frustrating but now she had the means to gain everything that she had always wanted. She had been living in pain and darkness for as long as she could remember only wanting to destroy those that had destroyed her but now things could change. The girl had enough raw unbridled power… and then at that thought she realised she was Rey and she was back in herself. She wasn’t sure if she had cried out or him but she was aware that Kylo was shaking against her and that he had also found the experience surprising and was not as assured as he had been moments before. “I’m telling the truth.” His voice was ragged. “Yes.” She nodded into his chest. “You can let go now. I’ll come with you.” She felt him take a large breath and seem to deflate slightly. He stepped away and she immediately felt the chill that he had been keeping at bay. She also turned away. They both needed a few moments to gather their identities to them, to start to build some separation otherwise she wasn’t sure either of them could move forward. Even so she wasn’t sure that they would be unchanged by the experience. She could still taste the sensation of being unified, that other being, one that was a potential, but would result in the end of them as individuals. She felt sick. She leant her head back against the door and shut her eyes only focussing on the lapping of water and the sound of the wind blowing above them at the cave mouth. She opened herself up to the force and submitted to its direction. “Kylo?” He turned to face her in the grey. “Call off your dogs.” She felt rather than saw him wince at the hardness in her voice. He stared at her for a few moments. “They can’t leave here.” She understood it as soon as he said it. The bargain would be made in the blood of every one of the fighters that were still alive on the island. There would be no witnesses. Kylo watched quietly as she absorbed the truth. She put her head to one side looking back at him. He couldn’t see her expression but her breathing had calmed. “So be it.” Notes: And I think the lesson here is to be careful what you wish for Kylo dearest. Chapter 5 The Eclipse came out of hyperspace with an accompanying squadron of Y-wings. Leia could already see that the space battle was in full swing. Ships swirled in patterns like agitated wasps with the occasional bloom of an explosion. The first squadron had been made up of X-wings to do some close fighting. She was hoping that the Y-wings could now come in and clean up the mess. She hadn’t been in the heat of battle for a few years now and she realised that some part of her had missed it. She looked across at Aled who was gripping the arm rests of his seat with intensity although he looked thoughtful. “Full shields Lornan and start prepping the laser canons. I don’t want to engage ourselves but I expect a few of them will take pot shots at us.” She then smiled. “If I’m not very much mistaken I don’t think they were expecting us. Just a small exploratory force.” Her face became more thoughtful. “Although we don’t know whats going on planet side.” Aled looked at her with some sympathy. “What do your instincts tell you Leia? I’d take your hunches over a technical report any day.” Leia looked at him gratefully and then closed her eyes to direct her attention towards the planet. She took a deep shaky breath. “There is a lot of death down there but Luke and Rey are alive.” She paused “My son too.” She frowned as an odd sensation had her shaking in her seat. The balance in the force was shifting in an alarming way but she couldn’t understand why as they appeared to be winning. “There is something else…” She shook her head. She must appear like some foolish old woman casting the bones to these young soldiers around her. She leant towards Aled. “This is not all going to go our way.” Aled reached out and squeezed her hand briefly. “It never does but we keep going anyway.” The space battle was brief but intense and in what seemed like no time at all they were descending through the atmosphere towards the small island. From a distance everything seemed peaceful and beautiful as the sun came out from behind the clouds and bathed everything in a warm light. The small waves were capped with white and birds wheeled round the cliffs. As they came closer the evidence of a land battle hard fought became clear. There were the white bodies of storm troopers everywhere on a small shingle cove that their ship settled near. Leia left the ship and immediately ascended the stairs. Aled and a few fighters went to follow her but she waved them away. “I’ll let you know if I need you.” Aled looked decidedly unimpressed. “You can order them about but not me. I’m coming with you.” Leia looked at him for a long moment and then gave a small nod. They started up the rocky steps of the grassy cliffside. There were bodies all the way. Breathing heavily they finally came to Luke’s hut. Leia stopped. She wasn’t sure she was ready for what she would find. She turned to Aled. “Please don’t start anything.” He looked at her questioningly. “Please.” With that Leia entered the hut with Aled on her heals. It was dim inside and it took a moment for her brain to process what she was seeing. Rey sat by a low wooden table and was looking at them. She could feel that Luke was laid out on a low pallet although he was largely obscured by a large figure - her son. She had known all the way up the steps that he was still here but it still shocked her to the core to actually see him. He was naked from the waist up and his broad back had the odd beauty mark that she had memorised when he was a child. She felt his force signature in the room – a muddled chaotic thing. Leia paused and found that all thought had stopped, her voice would not work. She had hoped for this moment for more than 15 years and now it had come she was rooted to the spot with a mixture of fear and hope. Rey stood and came forward obviously aware of the older woman’s turmoil. She took her shaking hand. Leia noticed how cold Rey was and the fact that she was wet. This cleared her thoughts slightly. Her son had not turned and Rey was the first to speak. “Master Luke has been hurt and I have asked…” and then she paused, little wrinkles forming on her forehead. “I asked Kylo to stabilise him. I cant heal yet.” She squeezed Leia’s hand and she felt the warning in it. “After that I am leaving with Kylo and you can take Master Luke back with you.” Rey’s eyes pleaded with her. Leia was still trying to process what Rey was saying and trying not to just stare at her son when Aled stepped in. “All the First Order ships are destroyed. He is the only one left. He has no way of forcing you to go.” There was a a long moment of silence as the tension levels rose. At this point Ben stood and faced the room. He was huge and the roof almost touched his head. How had she produced him? He had been quite a small baby. She had to control the absurd urge to giggle. Although the alternative was she might cry and that was probably worse. "I can kill everyone here easily so I suggest you don’t try my patience.” His voice shook her to the bottom of her soul. So cold. So distant. Was this what Han had faced in his last moments. Her legs started to give out as she stifled a sob. Rey caught her and helped her into a chair. “Even if you kill every one of us you will have to face two squadrons of fighters once your airborne. I don’t like your chances.” Rey stepped between the two men “Could I talk to Leia alone a moment.” It wasn’t a request and Ben was the first to move quickly out of the hut. This surprised Leia on a number of levels but she kept her face blank. Aled looked at Leia for a moment but since the threat had left the room didn’t make an argument about letting the women talk. When the two men had left Leia dragged herself over to where Luke was. His eyes were closed and his breathing was even but he had a grey pallor which was unlike him. She put her hand to his forehead and she thought that she saw, although she may imagined it, a small twitch of his mouth. Once she had reassured herself that her womb mate was going to be OK she turned back to Rey who was watching her warily. Not one to ever mince her words she cut to the chase. “Why are you going with him?” Rey stood her ground her chin held high looking ready to fight a fight. “He made a deal with me. Letting Luke go if I went with him willingly.” Leia looked at her steadily. “Sounds more like blackmail to me.” She took step towards the girl. “Why are you really going?” There was a long silence and Leia became aware of the sounds of the gulls and the strong sea breeze over the heights of the island. What a peaceful place her brother had been living, hiding all these years. Leia couldn’t help the small amount of resentment that flared up in her. Why did she always have to carry the burden of leadership? Rey’s quiet voice brought her back to the room. “Kylo and I have a link. A link through the force. I just know that we have to leave here together. I sense it.” Rey stepped up to Leia her voice becoming quiet but urgent. “Please let us go. Please.” Leia turned away from her. It was hard to think with her earnest face staring so intently. “I will be handing you to Snoke on a platter if I do this. I will be betraying the resistance.” She clenched her fists. “If you take him prisoner, which I don’t think you can, you will be signing his death warrant – do you want that?” Rey regretted her words almost as quickly as she had said them but there was no way to retract them. “Of course I know. I have played through all the alternatives a thousand times and there is never a way he can come back that I can see.” She felt her voice starting to fail her. “They think that I am strong, they think that I see him as the enemy, that I would let them hurt him but the truth is I wouldn’t. He is my son, my only child and I will die to protect him.” She turned back to Rey and there was years of pain in her face. “I will let you go but I am doing you no favours at all. I am betraying you as well.” Leia let out a long breath and suddenly seemed older. “He will never understand the depth of my love for him. It is endless, nothing will ever touch it. Nothing.” There were tears falling now. “I wish I could hold him. Just once.” Leia raised her hand to her face and hid herself from Rey. Rey hugged her own waist and bowed her head. “I’ll try and help him. I promise. I’ve seen the light in him.” Her words hung in the air and then Rey turned away and went to the door so that Leia could have her few moments grief. Aled had been standing a few feet away from Leia’s son for some minutes when he found himself talking when the rational part of him knew he should keep his mouth shut. He always seemed to lose his head around her. “You can hide behind a mask most of the time, you can threaten her, but I can see you couldn’t hurt her. Maybe everybody else but not her or Rey for that matter.” Aled found himself shaking as Kylo’s dark eyes focussed on him. His face showed little but he could see that there was some struggle going on in him. He looked like Han with the colouring and expressiveness of Leia. "You can love my mother but she will always choose duty over you, always.” Aled felt like he had been kicked in the gut. To have secret feelings dragged out into the open by an unsympathetic brute like her son. For just a moment he wanted to run away from all of them. These broken complicated people who seemed to hold the destiny of the galaxy in their hands, but he didn’t. He stood loyally. Silent now. Rey came out of the hut and approached Kylo. Aled watched with interest as she went close to the man and stretched up to say some words in his ear. She had placed one hand on his bare chest, unconscious of how intimate it looked. Then she lowered herself and stepped away from him and looked at Aled instead. Aled had no time to react as Kylo quickly turned and stretched out his hand towards him. He didn’t feel fear as the world suddenly grew dark and he fell to the cool damp grass.