Ambush on Yavin 4 CHAPTER 1: Ambush on Yavin 4 This was a first. Working with an X-Wing fighter…one that has seen real battle. It was the highest honor she could think of in her twenty-five years of living, as she had been in love with them since she first laid eyes on one. Sure, Alida had been inside the cockpit of a starship such as this before, but she'd never gotten the chance to do the repairs on one, much less on such a time constraint. She worked best under pressure. It was a fantastical dream that she was afraid she'd wake from if someone pinched her hard enough. Sliding her fingers delicately over the control panel, her heart felt like it could burst out of her chest with pride of what she had accomplished for this pilot over the last week. Hearing said pilot call her name from outside the ship, she mumbled under her breath about the impatience of men before exiting the cockpit and standing on the loading platform. "Would you relax? I'm done!" Hands on her hips, the affectionate blonde stared him down as he made his way over to her. "Look, the main problem you had was the overheating of the engine, and that was easily fixed since I got the part you needed. You had a few minor repairs that I managed to fix in the cockpit as well as make a few adjustments to your droid. He's as good as new." As if to agree, the tiny droid rolled over and beeped out a positive note or two, sending a pleasant smile to the blonde's face. He was one of the cutest droids she'd ever seen. "So…I am free to leave?" Her attention returned to the man standing before her. His weight shifted from foot to foot, his eyes darted across their surroundings constantly. The pilot's name was Snap, or that's the name that was given to her, at least. A week ago, he had landed on Yavin 4 and begged for help to repair his ship, and while most did not want to touch an X-wing for fear of First Order repercussions, Alida jumped at the chance to help. Taking a moment to think about all of the problems and whether or not there were solutions, she used that time to glance over the beautiful ship that she was honored to have in her hangar. It was gray and blue in color and fairly new, and it was more technologically advanced compared to some of the other ships she'd had to work with in the past few years. Hypernautics was quite possibly her favorite thing in the world, and she made it her business to know anything and everything about every single ship out there. "Am I free to go?" The question was asked again, not in a rude or loud way, yet the urgency still captured her attention. Looking back at the dark-haired man in his dark green jacket and brown pants, she gave a single nod of assent before smiling and putting out her hand. "She's all ready to fly!" Alida replied brightly. "Why don't you load up the droid, and I'll figure up the total of what you owe. X-wings get a special deal from me." "Miss Salk, I cannot thank you enough for everything. I won't forget this. You've helped me more than you know," Snap's nervous features were somewhat relaxed, his mouth tugging upwards in his own version of a smile as he shook her hand gruffly and then released it so that he could go hook in his droid. She opened her mouth to say that he was welcome, that it was a pleasure to have him there. However, all calm activity ceased as soon as the hangar door opened, and a group of Stormtroopers came marching inside. Alida did not even have time to blink before the first shots were fired. The pilot threw himself on top of her with a yell, and he rolled them behind a large group of crates. Blasters were going off and hitting the items around them. "What's going on?" she shouted over the noise as her heart drummed inside of her chest, a reminder that she was luckily still alive. Without looking at her, Snap drew his own blaster from inside his jacket and steeled himself for a fight before chancing a glance down at her. "They're here for me…it was why I needed this repair done so quickly…" he explained as quickly as possible before peeking over the crates and firing off a few shots. "I'm sorry to get you involved, Alida. I was hoping I would be gone before they traced my trail." "You are flying with the Resistance…you're on a mission, aren't you?" she whispered in awe, and he continued to aim and shoot without responding. His lack of response was enough of an answer for her, and she flattened herself further against the boxes as the shots got closer and closer to her head. He was a pretty good shot, as Stormtroopers fell left and right, though there were still around five or six of them left. "I need you to take this disk. Get out of here. Find a man named Caluan Ematt. He needs this. I'll cover you. Go!" The Resistance pilot turned to her with his command, slipping a small piece of hardware into her smaller fingers before jumping out and ducking behind more crates as he blasted two more troopers off of their feet. Alida's curiosity overrode the order to leave him behind, and she glanced out to watch the gunfight. However, as her new ally tried to get a better vantage point to shoot, he was struck by one of the blaster shots and fell to the ground. Without even a single thought, she stood and rushed towards him, hearing the whining of the droid as it shot out in front of her to cover her with its own mini barrage of gunfire. "Oh no! No no no!" Sliding to her knees next to the pilot, she picked up his blaster and took a few deep breaths before turning and firing it at the closest trooper. As he fell, the young woman, who had never killed a man in her life, stared at the gun in her hand for only a heartbeat before the droid was screaming at her in binary. "Okay…okay! I hear you! Snap, are you okay?" She shook his shoulder, pulling them behind a box as she heard the guns rage on. "Say something!" "Go…" he groaned out, holding his lower abdomen. Her eyes followed his to see that he was bleeding from a deep wound, and she tried not to scream. She lived her life peacefully, repairing ships and staying out of trouble. This? This was nothing she'd ever seen or dealt with before. "I can't…I can't fly…" he continued throatily. Having made up her mind, she looked down at the man in her arms with a determined yet bleak expression. "You're going to give this disk to Caluan yourself." She turned her pleading, tearful gaze to the droid. "Help me…help me get him in the ship. I-I can try to fly it…I know a few things…" With the help of the agile little roly poly droid, Alida used whatever strength she could muster and half-dragged the quickly weakening man into his fighter. With her back turned to the last two troopers, she never saw it coming. A sudden and white hot pain seared through her side, and she cried out in an instant response. Her hands almost dropped the man from her grip, but her adrenaline spiked and prevented her from feeling the pain that her body was telling her to feel. "C-C'mon, buddy! C'mon!" As soon as they were inside, Alida's hand pulled the canopy shut, and to her relief, it closed them off from any further gunfire. "All right…now what? What do I do?" Trying to remain calm, she laid the wounded man down against her seat and slipped in next to him, halfway on top of his shoulder. Instantly, a bout of nausea struck as she fought the claustrophobia overwhelming her. She faced down the now daunting controls in front of her, but she flipped the power and began the take-off procedure as well as she could. "W-Where do I need to go?" she asked hastily as her eyes remained locked on the switches and buttons she was currently using to lift them up into the sky. "Talk to me…Talk to me Snap! Stay with me!" He was wheezing out the instructions to the best of his ability, and she followed them to a tee. The droid unit had moved up into its position and began to help her fly the ship. It knew where they were going…it would help her find the way. "No! No no! Oh holy Hoth!" It had not even been a minute since they left the hangar, and she heard an explosion behind her. Another ship flew behind them, and upon checking the radar screen, she knew it was a tie fighter. One of the troopers must've continued the chase, and she had no idea how to fight him. Alida was not a soldier. She'd punched a few faces here and there, but an actual battle? Taking lives and shooting guns? Her father would have a full blown panic attack just thinking about it. "BB…what's going on?" Hearing the pilot's low moans coming from behind her as the droid made little noises, she felt a pang of guilt wash over her. She was not about to give up and let him die. They would make it to that base and save his life. The droid began to talk to her and instruct her on battle moves. In that moment, she was intensely grateful for knowing the binary language of the droids, as she had to deal with them on a daily basis at her job. He was telling her how to shoot the laser cannons and how to use light speed, and she retained every piece of information given to her. "Now…n-now!" Snap commanded hoarsely as their ship took a hit, and it shook from side to side. Ignoring the intensifying nausea hitting her body, Alida waited for the tie to spin around and face them before firing directly at it and striking its engines. The ship exploded in front of them, and immediately her fingers pressed light speed. She felt herself being slammed backwards into her seat for a long moment before everything returned to normal, and she was looking straight at a greenish gray planet ahead of them. "D'Qar…home…" Hearing the faint whisper of Snap behind her, she winced as she moved slightly in the seat and pushed the ship to its limits, her concern for the pilot overwhelming her. She couldn't lose him. He had saved her life, and now it was time to repay that debt. The blonde maneuvered the X-Wing down onto the planet and managed to land slowly and safely on the base, though her hands trembled against the controls the entire time. "Snap! Welcome home!" A booming yet warm voice came over the headset, and Alida unstrapped herself to push open the canopy. As soon as the light from the planet shone into the cockpit, she began to tug the gravely wounded man off the ship. "Please! M-My name is Alida Salk! Please help! We…we need a medic! Snap was shot!" she screamed out in a panic as they almost toppled over, not wanting to let go of him until she knew he would get the help he needed. Everyone seemed to move at once, as certain people began an onslaught of questions while a swarm of medical personnel rushed forward to take him from her, and others were simply trying to get a better look at both her and Snap. There were nothing but kind and worried faces in her line of sight, and she almost breathed out in relief that she was somewhere safe. "He saved my life! We…we w-were ambushed by Stormtroopers…in my hangar…" They gently coaxed him from her terrified grip and brought him inside, his droid rolling quickly behind them with an anxious yet constant beeping, and she pulled the highly sought after disk from her belt to stare at it for a moment. What was so important that Snap was willing to die to protect it? When a group of other pilots began to surround her with words of gratitude, that's when she could finally take note that her adrenaline was quickly wearing off. What replaced it was a searing agony unlike any she'd ever felt before. With a soft cry of pain, her already blood-soaked hand slid to her side. "We need another medic! The woman's been shot as well! Hurry!" The last thing she was aware of before succumbing to darkness was a cluster of worried faces and a demanding voice telling her to stay with them. Chapter 2 : Enlightening Conversations Summary: After Alida and Snap have been brought to the medcenter, a confused Poe Dameron goes looking for answers...and gets more than he bargained for. Notes: Author's Note: Once more, I own nothing about the Star Wars universe except the relationships I build, Alida, and my own personal take on the characters. I hope y'all enjoy Poe's entrance into my story, and the little twist towards the middle! CHAPTER 2: Enlightening Conversations “That was the third time you died in the past five minutes…and you died the same exact way two out of those three times.” This rookie was not ready to be up in the air…that much was certain. The overseer, fingers in a constant circular motion against his temples, stood watching the younger man run through the scenarios and trying to gauge his reactions. The only responses he received from the kid were panic, anxiousness, and a squirrelly nature, as if the last thing in the world he wanted to do was get into a cockpit and fly out into war. “Why don’t you take a break, hmm?” It was as though he had just told the rookie that he was being awarded the highest possible honor, as his eyes grew so wide with excitement that they practically bulged from their sockets. “Poe Dameron, are you scaring the new recruits again?” As the pilot in training did everything but run away from him, he heard an amused female voice behind him before he even had a chance to sit down. The Black Squadron leader turned from where he was standing and shot her a roguish smirk, his shoulders hunching up once in a halfway casual shrug. “Perhaps I am, General Organa,” he teased a little, hearing his friend Jessika’s snort of laughter as she passed by on her way to her own X-wing. “Though, to be honest, that one scares perfectly fine on his own without my help.” He fell in step with her as they began to walk away from the training area and down towards the command center. “Another one?” Leia Organa was never one to accept failure, so she tried to think of another way to attempt to train the young recruit. “Perhaps we start him smaller than an X-wing fighter? Place him on a team and see how he fares in a Y-Wing as a gunner instead of a pilot, perhaps?” “Yes, General. I like the way you think,” Poe agreed as his eyes took a leisurely glance around them at his fellow pilots, each of them currently involved with their own task. There was an empty spot in the line of Starfighters where his good friend Snap’s X-wing normally sat, and he hoped it would get filled soon. Snap was a vital member of their team, and to not have him there in case of emergency was troublesome. Not to mention, the absence of Snap made for an irritable and nervous Jessika, and it was beginning to chip away at Poe’s patience as well. Whatever mission the superiors sent him on, it must have been incredibly important to pull him away during this period of unrest in the Resistance. “I wish to ask for your help on a certain matter, Poe. Can you spare me a few minutes?” Leia smiled warmly at her best pilot, which he returned tenfold. “Of course. I can always make time for you,” he replied with a small laugh, beckoning his droid BB-8 to accompany them. It chattered in droid speak but rolled alongside him curiously. The three of them headed straight for a quieter area where they could speak in private, and Poe raised a brow towards his leader. “The other counselors and I spoke about the newest information regarding my brother, Luke. He is alive and he is out there, but I know the First Order will be trying to find him.” “No doubt about that,” Poe muttered bitterly, his distaste for the Order poring through every syllable. “We have to find him first. He was attempting to find the Jedi Temple last time I spoke with him…but he needs to return now.” “What do you need me to do?” Poe asked with a growing smile, eager to return to his bird and make it fly again. “I have received word that a dear friend of the Resistance may have information that can lead us to Luke. I need you to go on a retrieval mission for that information.” As she explained in further detail what he would have to do, his face fell into a more serious expression as he listened intently to every word spoken to him. “I won’t let you down, General Organa. You can count on me,” he nodded once as he looked down at his droid with a small grin. “Looks like we have another mission, BB-Buddy.” The little droid beeped out a torrent of giddy noises, and his master laughed a little in response at its antics. “Commander! General!” Their gazes snapped up quickly to the pilot suddenly running towards them. “What is it, R1?” Poe asked at once, his brows furrowing at the sight of the other man’s panicked face. “Snap…it’s Snap!” the young man responded, out of breath. “Calm down. Has he returned with the intel he was searching for?” the leader inquired hopefully. “We do not know, Commander. He has been rushed to the medcenter.” “Why? What happened to him?” General Organa chimed in worriedly. Poe’s figure stiffened as millions of scenarios rushed through his head at once. “He was shot. The wound was severe, and blood loss was significant.” Poe’s heart sank as his body began to sag against the wall behind him, his mouth opening as his mind tried to compose what to say. “How did he fly himself home?” the general continued, giving Poe a moment to compose himself. “That’s the thing. He didn’t fly himself home, General. He had help. A young woman flew him home in his own X-wing.” “Is she Resistance?” “No. Civilian, it would seem.” “Where is she? I wish to see her, to thank her for bringing Snap back to us.” There was a disconcerting pause, and her frown deepened. “What is it, R1?” “She is also in the medcenter, General. She was shot in their escape from their attackers, as well.” “Are you saying that she flew the X-wing after she had been critically wounded?” Poe asked incredulously, his own frown tugging his normally smiling lips downwards. A nod in response had him glancing over at Leia in obvious shock and disbelief. “Are we sure that she’s a civilian then? A normal woman off of the street would not have been able to pull off such a feat without endurance training.” “When they arrived, she did not act like this sort of thing was normal for her life, Commander Dameron. All that she showed was pure fear and genuine concern for Snap’s safety. She would not release him from her grip until our medical personnel pried him from her.” “Thank you so much for your report, pilot.” The general could tell that Poe was growing more perplexed and uneasy by the second, so she wished to place him at ease and keep his head space calm and grounded. “Please keep us updated on the both of them.” Poe’s stare followed his fellow pilot’s retreating form until he was gone, and then he was staring back at his leader with a heavy sigh. “Where was he that he fell under such heavy fire? Snap usually walks away from these situations with a few cuts and bruises, but never a wound like this.” Thinking aloud, he placed both hands on the nearest crate and shook his head, a few pieces of his dark mess of hair falling across his forehead. “When he wakes, you will be there to ask him that question yourself. There will be no mission for your squadron until we are certain that he will survive this.” The statement from the older woman was more of a soft command rather than a suggestion, and Poe inclined his head almost instantly. “Yes, General. Of course.” “Have hope that he will pull through,” she spoke as she laid a soothing touch of her hand light against his arm. “That they both will pull through. I have to thank the woman who brought my dearest friend home,” Poe added with a deepening headache, his fingers pressing back to his forehead with a soft noise in the back of his throat. At that moment, he wished with everything inside of his soul that the woman who saved one of his best pilots would wake up so that he could personally tell her how grateful he was. Snap was the nearest thing to a brother that Poe had the pleasure of spending his days with, and to lose him would be to lose a piece of his soul. The drone of the different machines was dull and repetitive, but to Jessika Pava, they were a blessing. It meant that he was still alive. She placed her fingers on the glass of the bacta tank, her eyes glued on the trancelike man inside of the healing agent. The droids outside of the tank spoke to each other and continued their work around the human female, having been told that she would not leave the room for anything in the world. She had shed her flight suit as soon as she heard the news that he was here, and now the young woman stood unflinching in her civilian clothes waiting on a response…any kind of response. Hours had already passed since they had first brought him in, yet still she remained steadfast in her watch over the one person she could not live without in the entire universe. “Jess…” A gentle voice made itself known from behind her, and then a single hand on her shoulder let her know that her commander was there with her, lending moral support where he knew it was needed the most. “How is the woman?” The words fell out of her mouth, a distraction to keep her mind off her grim thoughts as she turned her head upwards to meet his gaze. “It is taking them longer to patch her blaster wound because there was only one bacta tank, and Snap’s condition…well, it was worse than hers upon arrival. They had to use the longer process on her. The medical personnel are keeping me updated, and I’ll see her as soon as she is awake.” Jessika nodded slowly and turned her gaze once more towards Snap’s healing body in the tank. “He’s going to be all right, Poe. Tell me he’s going to be all right.” “That’s the easiest command I’ve heard all day,” he smiled at her, though it did not reach his eyes. “Snap will be all right. He’s one of the strongest pilots I’ve ever known.” “That’s what I’m afraid of. He is our best recon pilot, Poe. How could this happen?” “None of us are invincible, Jess. Not me, not you, not him…we entered this fight knowing the possibilities even though we never want to believe it can happen to us.” His tone was soft but genuine, as though he hoped she would understand the realistic side of what had happened. “Whatever happened, we’ll know as soon as they both wake up and can tell us the story themselves.” “Commander Dameron.” At his name being called out, he glanced back over his shoulder at the medical officer standing there, cleaning off his red stained hands with a damp cloth. “I don’t mean to interrupt, but you asked to be updated with the patient’s status.” “Yes. How is she?” “We’ve managed to stabilize her and patch the wound. She is quite the fighter. A few weeks healing time and the only thing that will remain is a scar.” A small smile formed on the doctor’s lips as he glanced down at his hands. “She is resting now and still extremely weak. However, I'm quite sure you will be able to see her in a few hours when she wakes up.” Every part of Poe’s body seemed to sag downwards in immense relief at the news that Snap’s savior would survive. And more than that, she’d be all right in time. “Commander, there’s something else. Major Antilles is wishing to speak with you. He is in the command center.” “Major Antilles? Why?” He took a few steps towards the doctor, who cocked his head to the side a little as he surveyed the pilot. “He says the woman who flew Snap back to D’Qar is his niece.” Poe glanced in a stunned silence at Jess, who shooed him away with a wave of her hand and a soft frown. “Go speak to him. I’ll be okay, Poe. I’m not going anywhere,” she stated firmly. He smiled gratefully and jogged out of the bacta room to the command center. When he arrived, General Organa excused herself and walked over to her communications officers to give the two men some privacy, while an openly anxious Major Antilles was pacing back and forth. “Wedge. Is it true?” he asked upon seeing his friend and fellow pilot, who looked over at him and nodded with a deep sigh. “Yes. That is my niece. I do not know how this could have happened. She was safe…she was kept away from the Resistance and the fighting for a reason,” the older man responded as he halted his worried steps. “Can you tell me more about her?” Poe took a seat and urged his friend to do the same, and he smiled a little when he obliged. Wedge leaned in a little closer to keep his voice low so that only Poe could hear him. “Her name is Alida. Alida Salk. She is my sister’s child.” “Wait…the actress? I thought her married name was Fel. And, as I recall, you told me she had a son?” Poe quirked a brow, thinking that perhaps he did not know the Antilles family as well as he thought. “Not Syal. I had another sister…one who we choose not to speak of.” After Poe gave him a nod to continue, he went on. “When Alida was young, her mother defected to the Empire. She had been a pilot with the Rebellion…a damn good pilot…but she was taken, tortured, and brainwashed. There was no saving her from what they had done. We told Alida that her mother had been killed. The truth would’ve broken Alida’s heart much more than thinking her mother died a hero against the evil of the Empire and the Order.” “All this time she has not learned that her mother is alive?” “We do not know if she is or not. As far as the family is concerned, those of us who know the truth, she is dead. She died the day she was taken.” Wedge’s head bowed sadly as he wrung his hands in his lap, and Poe’s gaze turned sympathetic as he thought of the cruelty of the First Order and how merciless they could be. “I can understand that,” Poe spoke considerately. “Alida may have been born a Salk, but that girl is Antilles through and through. I believe it terrified her father every time I came around because he always believed she’d stow away on my ship and join the Alliance the first chance she got.” “Well, that never happened,” Poe smirked as he watched Wedge laugh under his breath. “No. No, it did not. As adventurous as she was, she also adored and respected her father. He wished for her to remain with him on Yavin 4, so that is what she did.” “She did not want him to be alone…” Poe took a guess, to which his companion nodded once in affirmation. “She sounds like she has a loyal soul.” Loyalty is one of the most sought after traits of a Resistance pilot, and Poe Dameron was one to take loyalty and honor quite seriously. He’d have to file away this information in case he needed it at a later date. “Alida is loyal to a fault to anyone or anything she believes to be worth it. I see she already built a connection with Snap, so much that she felt he was worth saving. To risk her own life for an X-wing pilot…it was Alida through and through.” “What do you mean by that?” “No matter how her father tried to shield her from this life, she absolutely loved the Resistance. She became a hypernautics engineer and studied all types of ships, but her love has always been Rebel ships…A-wings, Y-wings...I bet you can guess her favorite though.” “X-wings…Takes after her uncle, then?” Poe teased lightly, settling back in his chair more comfortably. “Takes after her father, as well,” Wedge’s eyes were soft with happier memories. “Her father…mother too…they were both pilots who flew in the Battle of Endor. That is where they fell in love, actually.” Poe thought of Snap and Jess and of how they fell in love fighting alongside each other in the different battles. While it was wonderful seeing two of his dearest friends happy, he could not imagine how difficult it was, falling in love with someone they could lose in a heartbeat. The Resistance was fighting a war. Love was something that they should not be able to afford…however, who was Poe to stop fate between two other people? “Anyways. I should be by her side when she wakes.” Poe snapped out of his reverie when Wedge’s voice cut through the thick silence. The only signal he returned was a distracted nod of assent. “I’m the only familiar face she has here. If you can later, come and meet her.” With a warm smile and a clap of his hand against the younger pilot’s shoulder, Wedge turned and walked out of the command center, leaving Poe sitting alone in the corner of the room with nothing but his perplexing thoughts.