0 Can we live without death? Can we love without hate? Can we want without need? Do we ever really live enough to appreciate that we can never truly grasp one without the other? That a concept has no meaning without an opposing force? If hate is what's inside us, And hate is what defines us, Then we will use our hate to drive us. And let death not deprive us. Do we want this or do we need this? You can always rinse the surface But the stain will remain. - Motionless in White, Creatures. Chapter 2 : I Kylo hated Hux for the way he looked at him. He was a sadist. Corrupted and cold, with frigid eyes that shined in the same fashion. Just like the way he propped himself up on his chair With a leather boot like onyx. Observing the men in the control room You could tell by the smirk on his face That they had done satisfactory work. And no one would want to make General Hux upset Considering that he owned every one of Those men Living with no purpose other than to serve Their higher power. Meaning: A single slip up could cost a life. But What those men didn't know was that he also owned The Commander. Their Superior, The Knight, Kylo Ren. Even from across the room Hux's eyes Pierced into him. And maybe the true reason why he was Smirking was because he was there too. Soon, none of his power would matter Because Supreme Leader would be there. When that does happen, Poor Totalitarian Hux Will be reduced to nothing but dirt. Chapter 3 : II What the men Hux owned didn't know Was that Hux's cold eyes could be warm Especially at nighttime. It was publicly known that Hux was a serial Insomniac, but what they didn't know Was the amount of Melatonin pills he took Just to Combat that. Kylo knew. He knows a lot about Hux. Probably more than Hux realizes. When the Melatonin doesn't work (As it always doesn't...) Hux turns to reading, or rarely smoking. That night was a kind of night for smoking. It turned the oxygen entirely claustrophobic Even made Kylo's breathes of despair loud enough for Hux to hear. He trickled the cigarette over the ashtray's edge, Quickly retreating to Kylo, Who had candle wax tears, And galaxies from outside's window speckled in his miserable eyes. Hux did not dare caress him. "What's wrong?" Kylo wiped the tears away, Ran fingers over his scar. "I miss him." Looking up at Hux's eyes, How caring they seemed Just made Kylo hate him a little more. Chapter 4 : III Hux did manage falling asleep that night, So maybe the Melatonin worked this time, But he was long gone by the time Kylo Awoke. It was typical of him to do that. Kylo yawned and stretched, staring out of His bedroom window for a good two Minutes, then proceeded to wake himself Up. He wasted most of his time trying to find His clothes, which he found on a counter By the bathroom, neat and folded, obviously Hux's doing, Because he doesn't do that. On top of his clothes laid a single Chocolate, accompanied by a paper. "I had this and didn't want it. Figured you would. -H." That made him smile. Hux is so nice. Kylo ate the chocolate and put on his Clothes, leaving the room to find Hux on the bridge. He had those icy eyes again. Chapter 5 : IV Hux bared his arms like a man held The Bible. Even if there wasn't anything visible, there Was always a guarantee that he always had them hidden Somewhere beneath his coat, And he was Bloodthirsty. Hux was a spider, and his men were the wretched flies. Waiting. Just waiting for that slight mishap that'll get Them tangled in his web, at the mercy of His clutches, Ultimately ending their lives. Today, That had happened. A man made his calculations wrong by Putting the decimal point in the wrong Place. Hux was not happy. Hux believed the army of the dominant race Should have only the most prestigious of People operating it. Hux took the man by the arm, Dragged him out of the chair. Oh, how he wailed and screamed and Begged for his life. The echoes Made Kylo cringe underneath his mask. Phasma did nothing. The amount of time it took Hux to take out A pistol took no longer than it took to end The man's life. People around him jumped at the bang, Soon returning to work harder than they Had before, because They didn't know who was next. "Take this as an example," He told them, "even the slightest mistake can cost the entire First Order; so I'd advise you to be a little more vigilant when it comes to your occupation, or you'll end up like him. For some, however, the curse of poor breeding will only make this situation inevitable." He kicked the corpse's head, Disappointed that the brains had not splattered. Nonetheless, he called a droid to clean the mess. Said it better do it now before he slipped. Hux never felt remorse for this. He enjoyed killing the men for sport. This was nothing like the man Kylo had been with last night. Chapter 6 : V Oh, what a hypocrite Kylo was When he obliterated control panels, One by one, Reducing them into pieces. Billions had been lost In a matter of minutes All over a random tantrum. ...Or was it random? Many things pissed Kylo off Possibly everything. But this was for a reason. It was for that damned scar on his face. He wanted it to go. Sadly, just like tragic memories, Scars last forever And clawing it would only make it bigger. Make him uglier. Two stormtroopers eventually made their Way into the room to sedate him, But he impaled the both of them with His lightsaber Right at the sight of them. Eventually, the General had to be called To investigate, He didn't even flinch at the dead bodies on The floor, Or the exasperated Kylo Ren in the middle Of them, Panting. It was obvious to Hux that he was crying Under the mask. "What a shame." He said. "Fucking shameful, Kylo." Kylo didn't move, But Hux held his gloved hand out to him. Beckoning him. Probing him. "Give me the lightsaber." He commanded. Nothing. His voice grew more strained. "Give me the goddamned lightsaber." In that stance, Kylo could see Hux's warm eyes. This was the Hux he admired. (But not necessarily the one he knew...) Kylo was reluctant, But he obeyed, So Hux quickly stashed it under his jacket. "What am I going to do now Kylo? You think I can fix anything, hire whoever to fix this shit ONLY for you to break it again. This whole army runs on money, and what does this do? It leads us towards debt. You have no concept of judgement." In all honesty, Kylo was not in the mood For listening. Hux could tell and that Nearly made him want to bellow in Frustration But there was something entirely different Radiating off of Hux's aura. It came and kindled Kylo And that's exactly when he knew He was about to get punished. Chapter 7 : VI Kylo could literally feel the velvet dripping Off Hux's tongue as he asked those words: " Can you please come with me?" Kylo tried to keep his cool Waiting for the eventual moment Hux Would sucker punch him in the stomach, But it never happened. (But Kylo wouldn't oblige if he did,) Kylo was taken to his very own quarters, Disregarding the work that The both of them were missing. He knew exactly what was happening, And the anticipation made his thighs hot as It boiled in his stomach. This was the special way Hux punishes. It was when they were behind the door, Kylo was commanded by Hux to Strip. And Kylo gladly stripped. Hux cocked his head, blatantly examining Kylo's bare body. (Kylo didn't know if it made him blush. Did it feel like anything at all?) "I want you against the wall." Kylo propelled himself onto the wall, Shuddering at its coldness. He would get used to it. "Now, to ensure you won't destroy anything else for the time being, I've decided to take these as a precaution." Hux walked to one of Kylo's curtains, Untied their tie backs. He brushed the tassels down his spine, All the way to his buttocks, Where Hux tied his hands at. Kylo feared blood constriction. "I can use the force." Kylo said. "Oh, I know," he replied, "but I also know that you won't use it on me." Hux turned him around, centered him forward. "Now, try to move your arms. I want to see if you can untie the tie." Kylo made an effort to squirm his arms Free, But the tie refused to avail him. Hux was pleased. He sat at the foot of Kylo's bed, Notioning to him to lay on his lap. When Kylo did that, Hux made sure To spank him across the ass Hard. Kylo muffled a groan after it, feeling His erection rub against Hux's thigh, Hoping he would feel it and Relieve Kylo of some of his lust. (He may have felt it, he may have not, Regardless, he did not help Kylo.) "Say, Kylo, how many spankings do you think you deserve for this?" Two. Five. Ten. Hux cleared the strands of hair covering Kylo's eyes. "Let's see, you destroyed multiple control panels... Which is an automatic five. Then you slaughtered two of my men-" "They're Phasma's men." "They become my men too in a situation like this," he snapped, "one for every life you took, plus another for talking back at me. So, Kylo, what does your knowledge of basic mathematics tell you about how many times I'm going to spank you?" "Eight." Kylo murmured. "What was that?" "Eight." "Eight what?" "Eight spankings, General." Kylo gritted his teeth at the second snap Across his thigh. "Correct. Maybe I won't be as hard on you tonight." The comment was followed by a third burst On his ass, Birthing tomorrow's welts that Hux Would definitely prize. Kylo refused to make a single noise during It, Because he could take pain. If he could take a blast from a bowcaster, He could certainly take some spankings From his General. Eliciting any noise would be pitiful And amateurish. Strike four came, Kylo held his breath. Strike five nearly made his eyes water, But he said nothing. "This is so boring," Hux whined, Almost overdramatically. "We're more than half way through and you haven't made a single noise." He ran a hand through Kylo's hair, Giving a gentle smooch On the temple. "Maybe you'll be louder if I spank you harder?" Surely, An explosion blossomed onto Kylo's right Cheek, Which did cause a mellow whine to escape From his lips. (He was done he was defeated.) Kylo heard that smirk stretch across Hux's Face, He was snickering. "You finally made a noise!" A seventh strike, which Accompanied with the sensitivity of his cock Continuously stroking against Hux's leg, Left his mouth hung open and Sounded more like an intense moan Than a murmur. Hux's monotonous face stayed fixated on Kylo. "Do you like it when I unravel you?" He asked. No reply. Hux leaned over and raised Kylo's chin up. Now they were eye to eye. Hux raised his eyebrows. Poor Kylo had drooled on himself. "Hux, please," he begged. Hux knew what he wanted but he wasn't Going to get it. He took the end of his coat and dabbed The wet spots on Kylo's neck and chin, "This is a punishment Kylo, not a reward. If you behaved, perhaps I would have been able to please the both of us. You need to have self control." Kylo didn't listen. Instead, he swayed his hips from Left to right, Desperate for any form of stimulation Hux's leg could provide him. "I have you acting like a dog now?" He asked. Kylo didn't hear him. He was too focused on his own Self pleasure. "Disgusting," he said. Spanked him the last time. Apart from Kylo's hefty moans, the echo Of the sting made metal rattle. Hux checked to see if Kylo had made A mess of his pant leg. Nothing was there. "Only dogs hump human legs," he said. Kylo shared the disgust. (And dear god the amount of Embarrassment he felt after doing that In the first place...) Hux was done. He hissed at Kylo to have self control, Left, Returned with a glass of water, And to a sexually frustrated Kylo Ren. On the floor, Still tied up, He couldn't touch himself. Hux untied him, Kissed him, And handed him the water. "Hopefully this will calm you down. Do you need anything for the pain?" Kylo shook his head, still he looked up at Hux, "Aren't you hard too?" The question made Hux's face turn pink. (Why does Kylo always ask questions like That?) "I'm not going to do that because it wouldn't be fair if one of us was pleased. I'm teaching you the self control that you can use not only inside the bedroom, but outside too. Do you understand?" (Do you Kylo?) "What am I going to do now then?" "It'll go away on its own." Kylo huffed and sighed, and leaned over to Hux's body. Hux shoved him off. "No, stop. I'm going to sleep." "How come?" "My speech is tomorrow." Chapter 8 : VII Kylo had awoken from a horrible dream. He never went back to sleep after that. The entire dream was about him And that wasn't surprising. HE was the source of Kylo's pain. Even after Divine Patricide, Kylo thought that HE would cease to live; Cease to come out of the Darkness And coil his black eerie fingers Around Kylo's waist Like the demon that HE is. But instead, HE had never been More alive. HE didn't just torture Kylo anymore, But, HE even had the nerve to curse his own Son! (Can you believe it?!?) Kylo was permanently damned now With that scar that stretched From his face to his shoulder. (No matter how many times he cried, No ocean could substitute the presence of Dear Father. Guess everyone has their price to pay...) Haunted, Kylo was awake for three hours All because of him. He fought with himself The whole time. Should he wake Hux? Should he not? The desire to wake him and Scream over how Father had Cursed him (Now he'll never get into Heaven...!) Was tempting, Though It would be rude to wake him. After all, Hux was teaching him self control. So Instead, Kylo watched him while he slept. Waiting For that little something. That something was the way Hux's eyelashes twitched And His eyes moving beneath his eyelids. That's when Kylo kissed him. Hux gave back adoring careless ones. He was gonna tell him But The more Hux touched his face, The more the scar healed away To the point Kylo forgot it Existed. None of Hux's men saw any part Of their lives And maybe Just maybe Kylo could get his lust satisfied If Hux allowed it. (Hopefully last night wouldn't be in his head Please don't let it be.) They turned into a whole silhouette. Colliding, Lips touching. Sexual dirty. Hux jerked back when Kylo bit his lip. He wiped the blood, And minimal light shining On his cheekbones Revealed a smile. "Why did you do that?" He asked. "I wanted it noticeable," Kylo smiled, "now everyone's going to see." Hux stayed in that position. Kylo stared back at him as he Hooked his arms around his freckled neck, Dangling beneath him. Hux still stared, Then kissed him again, And slid his pants down. (It was happening! He doesn't care!) He covered himself in lubricant, Eagerly stroked Kylo, And played with his entrance Until he knew he was ready. Before Kylo could fathom, Hux was inside of him. His thrusts were sloppy, He breathed heavy, But that didn't stop him from keeping A perfect tempo. He traced over the welts he had made On him from last night. It stung, but the pleasure far outweighed The feeling. Perhaps the pain dared to even compliment Kylo's pleasure. Hux added more to his canvas, Adding hickeys and bite marks, Scratches and bruises, All over Kylo. He had Kylo melting in his hands. Had him purring and mumbling and Moaning Hux's name. Hux. Oh, there something about it, Something so sensual. Something marvelous like Gold with platinum. It really made a mess of Kylo. He touched Hux. Wanting to see how He felt. Of course, it was all for gluttony- but, Was there something else? He would only nip and pick at the goody Parts Of Hux's brain. The most dominant feeling. Yes, that was ideal Because Hux would never know that Kylo Looked into him But not deep enough into the soul. What Kylo saw was Affection. Lots and lots of it. Hux was affectionate over Whether or not Kylo was okay, And how he looked when His face was taken over by complete Pleasure, And the noises he made along with it. That was only a peek though. (Too much and Hux would know...) It left Kylo feeling happy. And everything else seemed to be Fluffier. His groin tightened and Sensitivity took over as His muscles contracted. His body was controlling him now And his hips bucked into Hux As he fell to intense orgasm. He moaned and cried and reached for Hux, Feeling his stomach become wet Hearing Hux's soft moan follow after him. But he stopped abruptly. Kylo looked at his face Which was plastered to the wall In front of them. Kylo lifted his head and Upside down, Phasma was standing there. "General..." She knew about their relationship. She was the only one and She was completely desensitized. But never Had she caught them in the act of sex. Even that, She didn't care about. (Maybe then she had a lover too?) "Datoo called me to get you. It's past 8 and you didn't arrive to Breakfast. He wanted me to get you early enough That the ambush didn't have to be Postponed." She couldn't see but Hux was tremembling. He wasn't even outside of Kylo yet. Kylo didn't care however, and he Didn't know if that was because It was just Phasma- Or if it was due to his post-orgasmic state. Hux stumbled to pull himself out of him And struggled to get his uniform on. Kylo missed the warmth. He straightened his hat and Walked to Phasma. It was like Kylo wasn't even in the room. "You have fifteen minutes, General." "Alright." They disappeared, leaving Kylo All alone. Chapter 9 : VIII Kylo examined the marks on his body in The bathroom mirror. He swayed side to side, Turning to the left, Turning to the right, Making sure he saw every part of his body That Hux had touched. It all made him feel close to glamorous Until he saw the wretched scar on his face. He may had even seen the apparition of His father In the background of his reflection. He wasn't doing anything. He was just- Standing there! Kylo turned around hastily, "What the fuck do you want from me?!?" Father wasn't there. There was just another slim mirror behind him Showing a Tragic portrait of Kylo's bare body. Breathing heavy, he turned around again And Rushed to wash his face off. Father wasn't in the mirror that time he looked up, And he almost started crying but Kylo wasn't a boy anymore. He was a man. And Men don't cry, Especially not over dead parents. Chapter 10 : IX Hux is like a God. Given the recent tragedies with Star Destroyer, Hux took it upon himself to start from Phase one all over again. (Or at least, until Snoke arrived.) One of the flies Found a new planet. Called it Orellius. They notified Hux over how inadequate the Species on the planet were; How they seemed not to contain weapons Or sufficient knowledge of combat. They seemed peaceful. Officers called them weeds. Hux had known about them for over A month. Said if they were so feeble, They had no purpose for the First Order. Even Resistance Rats wouldn't take them. So Hux decided that They had to be wiped from the face of The Universe. The First Order still had to claim its place As a superpower. Instill fear into the Galaxy, Exterminate a lesser species, Assert dominance and superiority, All because of its "destiny". But of course Kylo knew that a part of Hux, Was only doing it for the hell of it. (Perhaps he was hitting two birds with one stone...) He was giving that traditional speech To thrill his men into such extermination. Charismatic, The emotion Hux put into them was almost Unreal; It wasn't hard to entice the Stormtroopers into listening to him. He knew his men would die for him just to See the First Order reign over the universe. Hux is a proud man because of that. Kylo couldn't make it to the platform from Which he stood, But he hid away from the Stormtroopers just To admire him. Hux always stood tall during these Speeches. The decadence was practically fused Into him. But why did he have to be God? Why did he get to choose what would Happen to those people? They did nothing to the First Order. It all had Kylo shaking his head. Dear god, it was happening again. It always happens. Always. Hux descended from the platform as allies Cheered, him noticing Kylo along the way. Kylo turned to look at him, And Hux's spider eyes turned into that of a Butterfly's within moments. "Did anyone ask you about your lip?" Kylo asked him. "Definitely. I didn't even think about the consequences of it." "What did you say?" "I said Millicent bit me." Hux could feel Kylo smiling from under the Mask. The two walked off into an abandoned Storage room, where Kylo was free to take His mask off. They kissed, noticing last night's bruises Finally forming out of unraveled clothing. There, Hux bit Kylo's lip too as an act of Vengeance. First Kylo whined over it, then he laughed, "Oh, Hux, I never take off my mask. Who's going to notice-" "Snoke will, when he has that talk with you." The smirk faded from Kylo, transferring onto Hux's face. He pursed his lips, then kissed him again, "Then I hope it heals within a short amount of time." Chapter 11 : X Hux carried on through the Transport Carrier. Marching down isles just to make sure all Of his Stormtroopers were in the best shape they Could possibly be in Before The ship landed its arrival on the planet. Poised and grand, Hux stood in front of all his troops Next to Kylo, speaking one last final word Before they departed. "Remember, just like the incident earlier this week, every mistake you could do can cost the entire First Order, so plan how you handle your objectives carefully, or there will be consequences, whether they be dictated by me, other generals, or basic karma. Treat every battle as if it were your last. We are here to exterminate every living thing on this planet: inhabitants, animals, flora, everything. Destroy every possible thing that gave this planet something unique to distinguish it from other s: destroy what made it beautiful. Don't feel any remorse about it, because you're helping the First Order, and you are the superior species. None of you deserve to feel pity for those inferior to you, because you are the master race. You are the reason why our imperial children will grow up knowing that the superior race always wins." The entire ship roared in an applause. Hux stayed silent Though the proud aura Was strong on him. The ship landed, shaking and rattling, But it did not deter Hux's men. From the way thier body language Projected, Kylo could tell they were excited To kill innocent lives (again) . The door slid downwards, With troops running out And nearly toppling over each other like dominoes when Hux gave them the okay to leave. Kylo turned to look at him, But he didn't look back. Chapter 12 : XI Maybe there was something flawed about Hux's word. Orellius's landscape Left Kylo in awe. It was nighttime, And the ferns and plants glowed in The dark Bright enough that no one needed Flashlights. They glowed turquoise and teal, But didn't when did shine his flashlight On them. Instead tehey lived with the most fantastic form Of greens, A color rare to see within the Finalizer. But these greens in particular- Were in shades that Kylo didn't even know Existed! My god, they were beautiful! He stepped from the flora and turned his head Around When he heard something screech. It was a bird, like a glowing crimson arrow, Darting from tree to tree. The laserfire must have scared it. (Why would Hux want to destroy this?) Something screeched. It was a bird That glowed just like the plants. It darted from tree to tree. Voice was anxious by foreign laserfire From the soldiers. It made him melancholic. (Why would Hux want to destroy this?) Kylo bit his lip, Murmuring to his grandfather in the Heavens; Begging him to pull the light away from Him. If only the planet wasn't as pretty Then maybe Kylo could be Just as stoic as Hux. (And maybe, just as cruel too...) Kylo entered the first village he came Across and Every time He held that lightsaber to someone's face, He felt light. Every time He heard those howls of anguish, He felt light. Every time (In hopes to make it go away...) Kylo took his lightsaber and Decapitated heads clean off their bodies, The light only became stronger. But Something stood out. Something entirely enigmatic enough to Almost make Kylo drop his lightsaber. He stopped. It weeped and wallowed, Piercing him as he stood. Dear God, It was a baby. Kylo darted from his previous position, Rushing to search for the owner of The screams. Hastily Checking under crates, Bumps under blankets, Any place a baby could fit. He found it in a hut of dead bodies. It was a family, Hugging each other as if they had always Planned that they would die in that position. Someone must have forgotten the baby. The baby Was on the opposite side to them and Lurched and cried in its crib as if it knew It's entire family had been murdered. Kylo approached it. Its lavender hue glowed on him. He glanced at the lightsaber in his Hand, Then at the child. It still cried. Kylo took his helmet off, Because maybe then the baby Would calm down after seeing a face that Wasn't a monster. It didn't really help. He was able to pick it up, though, Trying his damned hardest to sooth it. But suddenly, it fought against him, It's screaming shrill with painful intervals. It quieted, And Kylo glowed too, In blood. The a baby was limp now. Kylo turned around, Saw a gallant Stormtrooper with smoke thick at The muzzle of a their gun. (How had he not heard the footsteps?) Tears fell to his cheeks, And the pits of Hell boiled ire in his stomach. Gently, He put the body to rest in the crib, Then stared at the soldier with raw eyes. The soldier stepped back. (They had never even seen his face before) Kylo put his helmet on, And unsheathed his lightsaber. The soilder couldn't move anymore; Kylo wouldn't allow it. He became like Hux then, and impaled the Soldier's body, Slowly moving up the body until it looked More like scissors Than an actual human. The guts poured out of them like slop and rotten flesh, Damned to die with their own blasphemy. The flies would love to eat them. And maybe Kylo would stare at the corpse until they did come. Oh, Hux did not know what he was doing. Chapter 13 : XII Hux had accomplished his goal And he was proud. He destroyed "everything that mad Orellius pretty" Within only a few hours With that lone casualty, Unbeknownst to him that Kylo had committed. Flies only found the body lying there, Horrified by what had been made into it. And they would not stop talking about it. Despite such horror, Hux and his men celebrated their victory. (It was the only time they weren't afraid of Him.) They drank alcohol And dined on fine food. Comrades danced and sang Getting high, with some even passing out in their chairs With the most uncomfortable positions! Hux even had the audacity to say: "Shall we start planning another ambush tomorrow?" His men hurrahed in agreement. Kylo didn't celebrate any of it, however. He sat stoic in a corner Repulsed by the idea that he would Have to go through that ordeal all over Again. He wanted nothing other than to vomit. (Even though his mouth already tasted like It.) And All the way from the back of the control Room, he Looked at Hux. Sharp in melancholy. This time, Kylo could have sworn that he looked back. Chapter 14 : XIII Hux noticed Kylo's distress. He wasn't sure what it was about. (Probably crying over Father again...) But as all meltdowns do, It'll pass. He was sure of it. ...And he was right. But, it came with the cost of an Achromatic conundrum. It left Kylo to lie on his side of his bed, Lifeless As Hux made his final check on his Data pad, Looking forward to relishing the Tranquility of a book. He would poke out. Time and time again. Tell Kylo to "grow up" or to "talk to me" . Kylo disregarded him. (Pigheaded son of a bitch.) Hux didn't understand. He never will. Hux would never understand the Horror of killing one's father. How much it fucked Kylo up. Made his head implode with the Overwhelming disarray. (Should have thought twice before the Patricide...) But, And regarding what REALLY made Him upset, Stormtroopers had been taught to fight Their whole lives. Did Phasma- Or Hux Even teach them about babies? Did they know what babies were? Babies don't attack people! How naive it is to posses An army that was so- Repulsively benighted! (Except for FN-2187, he was special. No longer a traitor, Now maybe even a heretic .) "Are you proud of me?" The question came out of the blue Just to set Kylo on fire. "Are you proud of yourself, Hux? Are you proud of committing mass genocide?" Hux turned completely and utterly sour. "Are you saying you feel pity for them?" Kylo scowled, "maybe I am. Was it really necessary to destroy that planet like that?" Hux's face was red. He opened his mouth to speak, But nothing came out. Kylo's frown at him faded at a thought. His face started to soften. His bottom lip quivered. "A stormtrooper slaughtered a baby in my arms." "Why were you holding it? Why didn't you kill it?" Kylo sat up from the bed With a voice so horribly raucous that it even Made Hux cower. "IT'S NOT HUMAN TO KILL BABIES LIKE THAT, HUX. They're innocent, they can't defend themselves! They can't even plead for their life, neither can they comprehend the basic concept of life or death. But I do know that they feel pain, and the pain you caused to that insurmountable amount of babies is blasphemy! And you're all responsible for it! You could have stopped it, though I know you won't. Still, I dream you will someday! How DARE you gift them death when they don't even know what that is." Kylo shook, fragile as glass from his own words. "Why did you do it?" A vase shook, then shattered. No one touched it. (Kylo) The liquid inside Waterfalled over the edge of a table Until it was reduced to nothing but a trickle. Hux's browbone hurt. When he went to go touch it, A minuscule amount of blood Along with a shard of glass Stuck to it. He was disturbed, But He stayed poised. Thankful the glass had missed his eye. (Kylo oh Kylo the things Snoke would do To you if he just heard what you said.) "I did it for the First Order." "Oh yes because EVERYTHING has to be for the First Order. Is there anything you care about besides that?" Hux didn't dare make eye contact with him. If he did, he might have died. "Answer me, Hux." He gave in. "No." "Not even me?" Hux stood up at that. Such an absurd question! "What the fuck are you getting at Kylo?" It was as if Kylo's entire world had Been obliterated with a single question. All blood drained from his face, so he became As white as the pillows he lied upon. (Stupid Hux dumb Hux.) "Why do you always kiss me?" He asked. "They're called impulses, Kylo. We have never had a romantic relationship. Romance is hand holding and cuddling and love. I consider our relationship as nothing more than beneficial. Our relationship is kissing and fucking, both of which you can do without love, and it satisfies both of us. Kylo, I don't care about you at all." Heat flowed to Kylo's face And when he looked at Hux, He was red just like him. "Are you going to tell me anything?" Hux asked. (as if Kylo had anything to say...) Kylo gave no such response except for The lone tear that danced down his cheek. It was toxic. Cancer. "Forgive me, General, I shouldn't have brought it up." Kylo laid on his side, away from Hux, But hehad already left before He could realize. Chapter 15 : XIV Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Maybe Hux didn't care when Kylo cried. Oh, how cold he was. Quickly, He marched down the hallway from Kylo's Quarters. Stoic, He greeted Phasma during the walk, Though the image of an unraveled Kylo Ren was still raw in his head. He meant what he said. Everything he did, he did for the First Order... But the way he treated Kylo... Was it...? No. He steadily hurried back to his quarters. Loneliness's atmosphere lived there, And it looked entirely extraterrestrial After months of spending his nights Next to Kylo. He rushed to his bedroom, Fumbling and hastily investigating every Drawer or crevasse that could possibly Contain some trace of cigarette. (Drawers littered the floor. It was the first time Hux allowed Untidiness.) He eventually found one in the pocket of One of his jackets, and encapsulated it Between his lips. He washed his face, Poured himself a glass of water and Grabbed a Book, Fighting with his cigarette lighter to make It do its job. It fell pity to his frustration and lit the tip Of the tobacco rod. He sat on his leather armchair by the window After that, Because that was the only armchair That could relax him. He took a final sip of his water and Opened his book; Slowly, but surely dozing off with each Word read. Loneliness would cradle him tonight. Leaving those drowning ice cubes in the Water to melt, Exposing the horrid razor blades that Filled their insides. Notes: The reference to the Creatures music video in this chapter isn't even subtle I stg Chapter 16 : XV Kylo lied about being sick just so He wouldn't have to appear on the Bridge for the day. No, he did not spend that whole day to Wallow in depression and self-deprecation, He just didn't want to see the monstrosity That was General Hux's face. Restless, he spent that day meditating, And when it came to the point to where Even the meditation wasn't enough, He spent it brooding in the shower. Kylo leaned over the shower head, Allowing water to caress the nape of his Neck. He could feel drops race down his spine, Gifting him with relaxation as they did so. In that pose, Kylo noticed the markings Hux Had given him again. Sprawled all over his body, The ones that made him feel like art. He adored them the way he adored Hux. But No matter how much Kylo could adore him, No amount of adoration could Fend off the creatures that possessed him. They manipulated and brainwashed him. Made him into something he didn't have To be. (Made him into a monster.) Maybe, If it weren't for the First Order, Hux wouldn't be a monster. But, If the First Order didn't exist, Kylo would have never met him. He stepped out of the shower, Popping his lips as he did so. The pain of Hux's bite ghosted. Maybe Hux would look nicer if those Creatures left him.