Matt pushed through people, desperately searching every corridor, storage room, and hallway. He looked over the heads of people and tried to spot the beautiful hue of orange-red, but he couldn't. Matt felt panic rise in his heart. He spun around and around and around, desperately searching for his Techie. But nothing, he couldn't find him. Matt sobbed before growling, he placed his forehead on the cool glass wall and punched it. People ignored him and frantically pushed past him to rush to pods, and to their quarters to collect their belongings. Matt felt a sob tear out of his heart, and tears began to fall. Techie, where are you? Chapter 2 *Tap Tap Tap* Matt sniffled and looked up at the thin glass wall where he was leaning against. He smiled softly. His glasses were foggy from crying, but that didn’t prevent him from making out Techie’s features. His pale skin, long red hair, his bright mech blue eyes staring at him in tender concern. Techie was yelling at Matt, but he couldn’t hear him above all of the noise. Matt whipped his face free of tears and turned and started walking towards the end of the hallway, where the glass wall would eventually run out. Techie got the idea and followed Matt. They started off walking, then began speed walking, then were running towards the end of the hallway. Desperate to be in each other’s arms. Once they reached it, Matt grabbed Techie and practically threw him in his arms. Techie sobbed and his thin arms wrapped around Matt’s broad shoulders. “I thought I lost you,” Techie cried out. Matt shushed him and patted the silky-smooth hair that he loved so much . “Never, I’ll always be here for you Techie.” ☁ They rushed back to their quarters and quickly began packing. They were supposed to be at their workstations, doing everything that they could to make sure that Starkiller didn’t go down, but they both knew that there was nothing to be done. They didn’t know how much time they had before they were blown up completely- but they knew it wasn’t long. Matt gathered all of their non-regulation clothing and threw it into the one giant suitcase that they had. Matt stopped moving for a second, while Techie gathered their datapads, books, his figurines, and other items. How were they supposed to pack their entire lives in an extra large First Order issued suitcase? Outside of Techie, Matt realized that he had nothing else to live for. The First Order took everything away from him. And he wasn’t going to let it happen again. “Matt! Grab Thomas’ cage and hold on to him tightly, please! ” Matt immediately sprung back into action. Thomas was a mouse that Matt found while working, how a mouse managed to find its way into space and on a planet that was a superweapon was beyond him. But he immediately loved it, and wanted to cherish it, so he brought it home and Techie fell in love with him immediately. Matt grabbed Thomas’ cage and put him on their bed next to their suitcase. He grabbed Techie’s wrist and before Techie could question him, he kissed him. It was warm, and Matt opened his mouth the way that Techie liked and Techie moved forward, wrapping his arms around Matt’s neck. Techie’s tongue slid against Matt’s causing the blonde man to moan. Techie pulled back quickly, “Mattie, there’s no time!” Matt smiled gently and brought both of Techie’s hands to his lips. He inhaled Techie’s scent and gently kissed his knuckles. “Techie, why don’t we leave?” Techie made a confused face. “Isn’t that what we’re doing right now?” “No, I mean leave, like leave leave. ” Techie’s eyes widened and he trembled slighly. “Ww-where would we g-go?” “Anywhere Techie! It doesn’t matter! This is our chance! To live for ourselves, to live for each other! That’s all that I want.” Matt paused, sensing Techie’s uncertainty. “I-is that what you want too?” Techie was quiet for a moment. He looked around his quarters and thought about everything that he’d been through. Sure The First Order rescued him from MaMa, but all they did really was take him from one abusive and oppressive environment and throw him into another one. Techie never did care too much about the war- before and after he was in the First Order. There was only one thing, one person, that Techie’s ever cared about. The only thing he really has to live for. “Matt,” Techie inhaled shakily, “Let’s do it, let’s go. As long as you’re with me, I’ll go anywhere you go.” Matt smiled widely and hugged him. The hug was short and they both pulled back. Matt grabbed the heavy suitcase, and Techie grabbed Thomas’ cage. They both looked around the quarters one last time before turning towards each other. Mat held his hand out to Techie, who gladly took it. “Okay, let’s go.” Notes: If you liked this fic (and I hope you did lol!!) then pls reblog this moodboard that I made! I made this like weirdly abstract-ish techienician playlist Also, my tumblr is oforlikelalune , so feel free to hmu! <33 Thanks for reading! Comments, Kudos, and Bookmarks are greatly appreciated! <33