Bathtub (Modern) " View from the Water" "You're in here more than out and about. You do realize we're on holiday, right?" Hux stood above Rey, gazing down at her in the tub with his arms crossed tightly over his chest. He pursed his thick lips, and she trained her gaze on them, knowing he was fighting the urge to lick them. As she noticed this, Rey sat up a bit out of the bubbles, making sure he got a good view of her chest. Flat as it was, she knew that was usually enough to entice him. "Holidays are all about relaxation. And I choose to relax here, where I can order room service and wear as little as possible," she explained, reaching over to take another sip of her wine. Just a drink, the sound of the comforting waterfall at the end of the tub, the bubbles on her back, and the gorgeous, panoramic view of the shore. The window looked like a damned postcard—why would she leave her spot here? "Besides, this is the Imperial suite. And I want to enjoy this Imperial tub as long as I can." "I'm guessing that's a not-so-subtle suggestion to have the bathroom remodeled." Hux and his quips. At least half of them had instigated amazing sex, though, much to Rey's chagrin. "If you'd step in here instead of the shower, you'd start to understand why I'm so obsessed," she invited with a wink, tipping her glass toward him. "Wastes less water and I'm not soaking in my own filth." Which was the exact same thing he'd said when she'd first suggested the idea, not just here, but at home, too. Of course, on the other hand, Rey wasn't exactly fond of his quick military showers. Didn't he contemplate all of life's questions while standing under the hot water? And that was strangely giving her an idea… Rey set her glass down on the sink counter and sat up more, until she was on her knees. "Come here," she beckoned, holding a hand out. "More like you should get out and we should go about the town," Hux countered, still taking her hand regardless. But Rey could already feel him tugging on it, as if he could pull her out. Two could play at that game. Rey tugged a bit at Hux's hand back, shooting him a slight smirk. "How about… we compromise," she decided. "Join me here, and I'll show you that the money you put down on this damn suite wasn't all for naught, and we'll go out to dinner at a reasonable time." "Sounds like you win either way." But Rey could read that smirk, small as it was. She realized someone had to know him extraordinarily well in order to know it. "So do you. Now get in here or I'm going to ruin that dry clean only shirt when I drag you in." Already she was tugging harder, determined to get her way. On holiday, you were supposed to try new, exciting things, right? New foods, new locations, new experiences? And despite how often the two of them seemed to have sex, in water wasn't one of them. Not yet, anyway. With how they bathed, Rey could at least understand why it never happened. But she'd be damned if she was going another day in this huge tub without him in here with her. Hux stopped the tugging, leaning down to tease his lips over hers, not exactly kissing her just yet. "Little minx," he uttered, moving his hands up to start unbuttoning his shirt. "You're utterly impossible." "It's so warm in here…" Rey murmured, keeping her eyes on his. He wanted impossible? She was just getting warmed up. "And the view just isn't as beautiful without you here, Tage." "'Beautiful' and 'I' don't belong in the same sentence," Hux sighed, standing again as he shrugged his shirt off and started on his slacks. Raising a brow, Rey took in his frame, thin as it was, and fought the urge to splash water on him for such a ludicrous statement. "I beg to differ." Because she never knew what he was on about, not when he had those intense green eyes that, when focused on her, made her feel like she was actually loved , and those absolutely gorgeous lips, that whispered things she couldn't always understand against her skin. This view here, of Hux stripping before the window, that was the memory Rey would keep with her as everything she wanted from this holiday. And yet it was like he always seemed so grateful that she showed any interest in him. In reality, looking up at him, without a doubt she knew she was the lucky one. As soon as he stepped out of his boxers, Rey reached forward again and took his hands, leading him toward the tub. "Come on, love." She grinned as he stepped in with a sigh, and she knew it was from his slight exasperation, and not exactly because he enjoyed the temperature of the water. "There's a waterfall at the end of this thing and a floor-to-ceiling view of the ocean. How do you not enjoy this?" "Who said I wasn't?" Hux sank into the tub, his back to the window. Rey felt his long fingers brush her hips, drawing her toward him, and, knowing the routine, she quickly straddled his hips and wrapped her arms around his neck. "You certainly weren't kidding about the view." Rolling her eyes, Rey leaned in a bit closer, pressing her chest against his. "Now you're being the impossible one." She tried moving him around, so that he had a view of both her and the ocean. "Better?" "Only slightly." "Shut up." Her lips crashed to his, and immediately he responded in kind, expecting it. Her wet hands roamed into his bright hair, dampening it a bit, as her hips seemed to have a mind of their own, already moving slightly against his thigh, quickly getting things started. True, she wanted him to lay out, enjoy this, but honestly, the only true way she could get Hux to relax was after she got him to completion. After that, he actually took a few moments to stop and smell the roses, so to speak. Here, Rey was actually a bit grateful for the gap in their ages, as it meant he usually needed a bit more downtime. Noticing that she certainly didn't want to waste any time, Hux wrapped his arms around Rey's back, trailing his hands down to grab her ass, guiding her movements. She moaned against him, encouraging it as she moved faster, hearing the excitement of how she sloshed about the water despite the calming sounds of the jets and waterfall. God, she wanted him. She wanted him so badly and she needed to speed it along. One hand still tangled in his hair; the other trailed quickly down his chest, against his hip, and wrapped around his already half-hard cock, stroking him in time with her movements. Rey felt him still, then shudder, and he hid a moan against her jaw so he couldn't hear himself. "That's it, baby," she murmured, her voice breathy from that growing pleasure. She was ready for him, so ready for it… "That's what I want." And then, once he started rolling his hips to meet her, and she felt him harden under her touch, his breathing shallower and his eyes closed, Rey turned around so she had a good view of the outside. She could feel him against her hip and felt a warm shiver, starting from her curled toes and up her spine. His lips moved to her neck, his hands grabbing her hips tightly. But it wasn't because he liked this, Rey could tell from his possessive fingers squeezing her tightly. "You want to see me?" But she already knew the answer. Hux strangely had this thing about how he sounded, and where he looked… This thing about control, that Rey would never understand. She always surrendered to it, always gave herself in just to feel those sparks of pleasure erupt within her. Hux only lost control in those last moments, when Rey could look into those deep, green eyes and see something beyond the man who held himself so well. Hard as he was to read, in those moments, he could only convey what he felt for her. And she loved seeing that. Still, they could have that whenever. When was the next time they'd get a view like this? Back to his chest, she helped guide him inside her, her head lolling back against his shoulder, groaning right in his ear. The warm water only heightened the pleasure, she realized. And as she felt his teeth gently sink into her skin to suppress another moan, she could certainly feel he had no regrets. That full feeling certainly never got old, and when she moved, those soothing sounds of the water seemed to just melt away. There was only the pounding of her heartbeat in her ears, getting louder and faster, the rhythm of her panting and moaning when he hit the right spot, the shoreline blurring in the distance to where she couldn't tell where blue sky met blue sea. Her arm shot back, pushing his head against her neck, encouraging him to leave those marks all over her skin, to make sure anyone who saw her after this knew where she belonged, to whom she belonged. She built a slow, gentle pace, fighting against the warm water, her lips parted to make sure Hux heard every single thing he did to her, so that he knew that every ounce of pleasure she felt was because of him . Knowing this, his hands moved; one grazed up her stomach, his long fingers kneading and pinching her breast, and the other moved south, teasing her clit every so often to keep her on edge. Rey felt him twitch slightly inside her when she tightened a bit around him, his hips making more of an effort to meet her thrusts. Once he seemed to gain more of that footing, lose some of that control, Rey stilled, then slowly lifted herself from him. She bit back a smile as that look of complete confusion graced Hux's face, his red brow furrowing. "What— " Before he could speak, Rey quickly faced him again, wrapping an arm around his shoulders before she guided him back into her, as if they hadn't lost any of that footing. In fact, she sped up the pace a bit, and was able to draw another moan from Hux. God, when his voice got gravelly like that… it shot right to her core, only adding to the pleasure. "How's the view now?" she asked, making sure he noticed the smirk on her face, as she referred to that landscape behind her. His brow furrowed again, due to annoyance from such an abrupt change, but Rey knew she had him. "Perfect," he growled, before pulling her into a bruising the kiss, the type of kiss she wanted to draw out of him from primal frustration and passion. She longed for the moments when he let down that wall, when he acted instead of thought with such precision that could make him boring. And here, when he grabbed her ass and dug his teeth into her lip, she honestly didn't need much stimulation to reach completion. This was the Hux she waited for, the Hux she loved. When she did come, she threw her head back, breaking the kiss with a high-pitched call of his name. Her nails dug into his skin as she felt him moan into her neck, filling her with a few spasms not moments later. His grip loosened on her hips, and he slumped against the wall of the tub, spent. With a lazy grin, Rey collapsed against Hux, listening to his heartbeat slow. She felt his lips against her hair, his knuckles caressing her shoulder in no particular rhythm. Despite the warmth of the tub, the heat of their activities, she shivered. "We can head out soon," she suggested, starting to part from him. But Hux pulled her back down to him, his arms tightening around her frame. "Not yet, little minx," he uttered, the barest hint of annoyance present in his voice. "I think I'm going to enjoy this view a while longer." Rey hid her smirk against his neck. Notes: So if you'd like to see the list I have so far, you can always message me. I'm still taking suggestions, too, so if you have any ideas or just want to chat, feel free to contact my tumblr (thederpyhipster). I'm usually pretty quick to answer. As always, comments and reviews are always appreciated! Let me know if this is a decent idea so far.