Hux rolled over and squinted at the chrono on the night stand, the red display blurred by his bleary-eyed sleeplessness. 04:27 No one had bothered him upon his solo return to the Finalizer . No one had arrested him on sight or come for him in the middle of the night as he’d expected. Counting the two days it had taken them to rendezvous with the Finalizer after the destruction of Starkiller Base, he'd been awake for almost 120 consecutive hours. He was used to long, restless nights, but he hadn’t been kept awake by this kind of anxiety-laden watchfulness since his academy days. Then again, Hux hadn’t slept alone for some years now, and sharing a bed with the galaxy’s second-most wanted man had its benefits. With several hours yet to spare before his morning shift, the first since he'd returned, Hux pulled himself from the warmth of his sheets and padded over to the closet to select a fresh uniform. His greatcoat had come out of the launderer still smelling of soot and pine and Kylo’s burned flesh, so he’d tossed it in for another cycle before giving up on it. He would check on it again before he left. He showered, taking his time and letting the hot water sooth some of the pent-up tension in his neck and shoulders, and caught himself from tipping into sleep just in time. Splashing some water on his face, he scrubbed harder than usual, both to help him wake up and to get that damned smell out of his skin. It's been over three days now, why is that charred smell so hard to remove? Only now did it occur to him that he hadn't noticed that scent down on Jakku when he'd investigated the wreckage of the stolen TIE. Just one more shortsighted frackup in a growing list of frackups he'd paid for later, and was undoubtedly going to continue paying for. Miserable and exhausted, he stepped out and got dried off and dressed. The greatcoat was still not as fresh as he'd have preferred, but it would suffice. Even though he was leaving his quarters half an hour early, Lieutenant Mitaka was ready and waiting by his door in an impeccably pressed uniform and with Hux’s morning tumbler of caf. Mitaka was most assuredly not Force-sensitive, but Hux was convinced the young man could read his mind. That, or he had a hidden camera in Hux's quarters. No matter what time he left his quarters for his shift, Mitaka was always there to escort him to the bridge, filling him in on the previous shifts’ reports as they walked. “Good morning, sir.” Mitaka couldn’t salute, due to carrying his datapad and a fistful of flimsiplast reports in one hand and Hux’s cup in the other, but he snapped to attention at the general’s appearance. “Good morning, Lieutenant.” Hux nodded as he turned off the "Do Not Disturb" restriction from his door panel and accepted the cup. He took a deep draught of the steaming, bitter drink before sighing and starting to walk. “Alright, let me have it.” Mitaka had organized the reports in order of importance, but his hands fluttered through them nervously nonetheless. Hux trusted Mitaka with his career, and by extension, his life. He could say that about very few individuals. He might have even been fond of the young man, and he could say that about even fewer. On the other hand, he wondered if Mitaka was ever going to get used to his presence enough to stop being so awkward and flustered around him. Hux walked in silence, looking over each of Mitaka’s reports in turn, except when fellow officers stopped to salute and greet him in passing. Their expressions were businesslike as always, though Hux thought he detected a hint of trepidation in some of their glances. If they knew something he didn't, they were good at hiding it. Hux was still alive, though for how long was anyone's guess. He assumed the only reason he was still here and not demoted or dead was that Snoke either hadn't yet read Hux's full report on the unfortunate incident on Starkiller Base, or simply didn't care about the loss of the Starkiller weapon in the grander scheme of things. During the two days of countless hyperspace jumps it had taken them to meet up with the Finalizer, he and Ren had had some of the most intense arguments of their volatile, 4-year relationship. For some ridiculous reason, Ren had come to believe that the girl (the one who'd caused this whole mess to begin with) was his long-lost sister, and he wanted to join her, along with his wayward uncle, to team up against Snoke. Ren was convinced that the Supreme Leader would execute them both for their failures, and wanted Hux to defect along with him, but Hux had no intention of deserting the First Order in their finest hour. Even though the Starkiller weapon had been destroyed, it had served its purpose (and Hux had been secretly loathe to fire it again anyway; there was no need for such unnecessary loss of life with the war already won). The New Republic was in shambles without its precious Senate, and the majority of its fleet had been obliterated along with it. Snoke himself hadn't seemed too put out about the whole affair, even telling Hux to bring Ren to him for "completion of his training" (whatever that meant), which Hux reminded Ren of at least six times. In the end Ren had relented, but insisted he return to his master alone, despite his still serious injuries, and dropped Hux off in the hangar bay of the Finalizer . And for some stupid, sentimental reason, which Hux still could not fathom, he'd let him go. He wished, now, that he hadn't. Since the moment the command shuttle had departed, Hux had lived in mortal terror of his own imminent demise and had to constantly talk himself down with logic and reason. He might not think very highly of himself in most regards, but he was a brilliant strategist and technical designer, and the First Order needed him. Snoke would no more waste resources than Hux himself would. Although, as much as he hated to admit it, he felt much bolder with Kylo at his side, even when they were at odds with each other. Kylo's arguments had seemed foolhardy until Hux found himself on his own. Hux finished with the reports and handed them back (along with the empty cup) to Mitaka, tugging on the hem of his tunic to straighten his uniform once more. He stepped onto the bridge with three minutes to spare before his assigned shift began. Ensign Kante announced his presence, and he returned the salutes of the crew and the OIC as he reported for duty. He was surprised to see Admiral Doran standing at the viewport, hands on her hips and a smug smile on her face. "Admiral Doran," Hux tilted his chin a grade higher, "Apologies. Had I known you were aboard I would have--" "Had you seen fit to attend your duties, you'd have known I was aboard. Dispense with the pleasantries, Hux--" His lip twitched into a fleeting sneer at her interruption and the fact that she should have addressed him by rank, especially in front of his crew. "--you know why I'm here." Frowning, Hux glanced toward Mitaka; in fact, he had no idea why this insufferable woman was on his ship, and since Mitaka hadn't informed him of her presence, it was safe to assume he hadn't been told either. The lieutenant gave him a sheepish, confused look. "I confess, I have no idea what brings you to my bridge this morning." "Really?" she snorted, "You thought that allowing the destruction of the First Order's greatest expenditure would go unnoticed by High Command? You're even more laughable and useless than we suspected." Hux bristled at that particular insult. She knew. Everyone knew the things his father had said about him. It was a calculated jab, and one he would not let pass. "How dare you--" "Armitage Hux, under direction of the High Command and Supreme Leader Snoke, I hereby strip you of your rank and command, and place you and your executive officer under arrest for treason." "Supreme Leader-- Treason? You can't--" he sputtered, barely able to construct a complete sentence in his fury, "How-- What could possibly bring you to that conclusion?" "Sergeant, escort them to the brig." Mitaka, eyes wide and panicking at the approach of the two Stormtroopers, backed away from his station. "Damn you, Doran. You know damned well Lieutenant Mitaka has nothing to do with any of this. There is no reason to ruin his career over your pathetic power grab." "That's for the ISB to decide." Mitaka looked as though he might go for his blaster, so Hux looked him in the eye and gave him an almost imperceptible shake of his head. Raising his hands in a gesture of surrender, Mitaka allowed the troopers to arrest him. "You will regret this," Hux snarled at the admiral as two Stormtroopers came forward to grab him by the arms. "Unhand me! I know how to walk!" He jerked away and strode ahead, grumbling, "I'll not be dragged off my own bridge like some common criminal." Two more guards fell into place in front of him, boxing him in. With his head high and indignant fury in his eyes, Hux marched himself to the brig and into a cell. It was the same cell that had once held the Resistance pilot who later escaped with the help of that traitorous Stormtrooper, FN-2187. How droll. Chapter 2 Hux looked far more incensed than his officers or troops had ever seen him, but it was just another mask to hide the rising tide of fear within him. Blood pounded through his temples and he felt faint as he took a seat on one of the bare, metal bunks. He had at least expected Mitaka's company in the cold cell, but the guards activated the ray shield to lock Hux in and continued past him with Mitaka in tow. "Where are you taking him?" The officer on duty, Lt. Commander Savrin, explained, "He's to be interviewed first." Savrin hesitated then added a curt, "Sir." That's right, you had better. Hux thought. I won't be in here for long. And there will be a reckoning when I get out. He had a feeling his crew knew that, and would continue to show a modicum of respect toward him despite his recent... miscalculations. After all, unlike some commanders, he had always behaved respectfully and professionally toward his subordinates. An appropriate level of familiarity, just shy of friendship, existed between them and it had gone a long way toward earning their loyalty and trust when everyone first suspected he’d been promoted by virtue of nepotism alone. "And what, then?" "Supreme Leader Snoke is due to arrive this evening for a personal debriefing with you... Sir." "The Supreme Leader is coming here?" Hux leapt to his feet, brain already in work mode, and reached behind himself to the clip on his belt where his datapad usually hung. It had been confiscated, of course. He wasn't in charge anymore. He was a prisoner now. This would take some time getting used to -- hopefully, he wouldn't have to. He clenched his fists, for lack of anything better to do with his hands, and sat down again. He took a deep breath and exhaled it forcefully. "If you would, please, Lieutenant Commander Savrin, ensure that Major Brennit is placed in charge of the reception committee. The Supreme Leader has been pleased with his arrangements in the past." "I'll see it done, sir." Savrin took out his own datapad and tapped at it for a while, presumably sending along Hux's orders to the relevant parties. "Thank you, Savrin." Hux's leg twitched in agitation. He couldn't tolerate being sat here with nothing to do. Curling his fists in his lap, he kept his posture straight to ward off further agitation of his nerves as well as the temptation to fall asleep. He didn't allow his thoughts to drift to the Supreme Leader or his imminent visit, chances were, they were already being monitored by Snoke for hints of deception. Hux couldn't tell if his vague sense of queasiness were due to Snoke sifting through his thoughts already or just general anxiety over his situation. Better to play it safe. He focused his mind on work, and on everything that still needed to be done in the aftermath of the Starkiller fiasco. In his mind, he continued as though he still held his lofty position, ignoring Admiral Doran's ridiculous claims to have him stripped of his rank and command. He didn't believe that Leader Snoke would allow her to follow through on that; not only could that woman not lead a Firaxan shark to blood, Hux had been promised greatness by the Supreme Leader himself. Snoke would make him Emperor in return for his efficiency in destroying the Republic, and he had done just that. Well, a lmost. There was just the matter of moving on Chandrila, the last Republic holdout, for a quick and tidy clean-up operation. Though Kylo's words had haunted him at first, he felt much calmer now, even locked in a cell as he was. Hux wanted the First Order to succeed no matter his particular lot in it, and he would never betray it. Surely the Supreme Leader would know that to be true, and would release him and Mitaka so that they could return to duty immediately and see this through to victory. Whether Kylo had followed his master's orders or not had nothing to do with him. Ren had always done as he pleased; it would be unfair of Snoke to expect Hux to have any responsibility for his apprentice's actions. Although, he had been ordered to bring the knight to Snoke personally, and for that minor oversight he would have to accept culpability. He shook his head, putting Kylo out of mind for the moment. What the dark Jedi got up to in his own time was of no concern to him. Or so he told himself. He wished he'd had his datapad, but it was almost as effective to organize the documents and necessary correspondence in his thoughts. Hux had developed an elaborate internal system for compartmentalizing every detail he committed to memory. It would just be a matter of typing it all up when he got out. Doran would be sorry she'd had him locked up and wasted his, and everyone else's, time. He always knew that one day this would happen, though; the Navy resented an Army general being in charge of their flagship. They thought he didn't deserve this post, no matter how loyal his own mixed-service crew was, and no matter that he'd never made a tactical error until four days ago. Part of the reason he'd chosen the young Lieutenant Mitaka as his right-hand man was to help smooth the divide between service branches. Mitaka had graduated at the top of his class, and had held that position all five years throughout his academy career, just as Hux had. He was the only student in any branch of service to have even come close to Hux's number of academy records. Hux hoped he was holding up alright under the ISB's questioning. Truly, Mitaka knew nothing about this whole sordid affair, and Hux hoped that they would soon see that and leave him be. Already his first 4-hour shift had passed. The protesting of his stomach told him it must be about 13:00 ship's time, though he hadn't yet seen any droids come around delivering meals. Hux rarely ate breakfast, preferring the pique of his hunger to give him an edge on the morning shift, and he didn't eat much for lunch either, but he always ate on time. Sometime around the second shift change bell Hux smelled the distinct aroma of the protein mash that was served to the troopers and cadets. The bland scent took him back to the loneliness of his academy days: sitting by himself at the end of the long cafeteria tables with only his datapad and classroom texts to keep him company. He took advantage of the privacy afforded by the brief absence of the guards to use the fresher in the corner of his cell and wash up before mealtime. He could hear the whirring of the service droid as it trundled down the hall, distributing trays of the gray mush to prisoners through specialized breaks in the force fields. Hux stood by to receive his, but the droid continued past his cell as if he weren't there. "Hey!" he yelled after it, but it maintained its course, ignoring him. So this is the game Doran wants to play. Alright. It's not as though I haven ’t gone without before . His lip curled in irritation as he sat back down. A few moments later, two troopers appeared, dragging a drugged and unresponsive Mitaka between them. His cap sat askew atop disheveled, dark strands of hair. Tears streaked his pale cheeks. He had vomited several times, tracks of sick marring the front of his tunic, which hung open to reveal a sweat-stained undershirt. Hux caught himself frowning in disdain at these signs of weakness and softened his expression before Mitaka noticed. What in blazes is wrong with you? Don't take it out on him. The troops ordered Hux to stand back (which he obeyed) and tossed Mitaka in. Once they had departed, Hux knelt beside the young man, helping him to his feet and to the bunk across from his. He recognized the signs of the drug immediately, having endured mild doses of it during SERE training, and more severe administrations at the hands of his father. The ISB were extremely efficient at finding out what they wanted to know. Whoever had done this to Mitaka hadn't thought they'd get any relevant information out of him. They'd done it to frighten Hux. Otherwise they'd have let him go, relatively unharmed, and not thrown him back into the same cell. But Hux wasn't afraid. He was livid that they would stoop to using Mitaka this way. Hux became even more furious at Mitaka's involuntary reaction to his attempt to remove his tunic. The lieutenant panicked and flailed out at him weakly, whimpering and begging incoherently. It seemed he, too, had endured the unwanted attentions of his classmates during his academy days. That was something that no one deserved, let alone this intelligent, polite, and lonely young man who had come to serve him so well over the years. A pang of sympathy tightened his chest. "Dopheld, it's alright. It's me. I won't hurt you." Mitaka was shivering, from cold or fear Hux couldn't tell, but at the sound of his commander's voice he stopped resisting. Hux scooted aside as Mitaka heaved again, but he had apparently disgorged everything in his stomach already. "You've been drugged with Serum 7; the pain is going to come soon. I have to get you out of your clothes, alright?" Hux remembered that feeling well: first the nausea that seemed it wouldn't stop until you had heaved your entrails out, then the bitter chills that were accompanied by searing pain at the lightest of touches. You wanted to curl up under layers and layers of warm blankets, but even the feel of your own skin set fire to your nerves. Wearing any article of clothing was like being immersed in lava. Mitaka nodded, fresh sobs escaping as Hux slid the jacket off his shoulders (careful not to get any of the mess on his own uniform). He folded it over and set it aside, working quickly to take off Dopheld's boots, gloves, belt, and trousers. Hux couldn't bear to divest him of his underclothes, given Mitaka's frantic response to being undressed. "Can you do it yourself?" He groaned his acknowledgement, blushing in humiliation that his superior seemed to know what had befallen him. He didn't think about how it was that Hux recognized those signs, or he might have felt more at ease. Hux shrugged off his greatcoat and held it up like a screen for Mitaka to have a bit of privacy. After a few minutes the lieutenant stammered, "I-I'm done, s-sir." Gently, Hux draped his coat over Mitaka. Until the pain came he would want to be warm. Dopheld curled into it, clutching it around himself, muttering, "Th-thank you, sir." "Have you been through these symptoms before? At the academy?" Mitaka nodded, his jaw clenched and his eyes squeezed shut to stop his tears. "Alright. When it starts to hurt I'll talk you through it." Hux sat next to him on the bunk so that he could keep a close eye on him. He kept his posture stiff and straight, lest his own constant, low-level pain become a bother. Sitting or standing for too long always aggravated the nerve damage in his back, and it was already becoming an annoyance from having waited so long in the cell. As usual, he'd forgotten to get up and move around while he had been consumed with thoughts of work, but pacing about now would probably further upset Mitaka. His pain was minor compared to what the lieutenant was about to go through, so he put it out of mind, feeling weak and pathetic for having even acknowledged it. Mitaka's shaking became more violent, rattling the metal frame of the bunk, but he stayed silent. Only the squeaking metal and his tremulous breaths broke the silence of the room. Hux wanted to place a comforting hand on his shoulder, but he was uncertain if it would be welcome or not. Hux himself didn't like to be touched under most circumstances. Even the barest breath of an unexpected touch sometimes sent him back to those times at the academy -- those boys with their rough hands all over him while they took their turns inside him -- and given Mitaka's earlier response to disrobing, he wagered it reminded him of similar things, so he sat quietly until it was time to take the coat away. For Mitaka, it was a struggle between how much agony he could endure versus how much indignation and vulnerability at being seen naked and helpless. When Hux finally went to pull the coat off of him, he cried out and clung to it even though it felt like the soft lining was excoriating his skin. Hux loathed being the one to do this to him. "I'm sorry, Dopheld, it has to come off. It's only going to cause you more pain. It's alright. You'll be ok." Mitaka breathed out an ironic sigh of relief as Hux took the coat away and laid it on his own bunk. He couldn't believe what a difference the lack of pressure on his bare flesh made to his level of torment. On the other hand, the chill settled deep into his bones, making him tremble even more forcefully. The general came to sit beside him once more, and he was grateful for his presence, though he was mortified at being seen in this state by his mentor and idol. He was thankful, too, that General Hux seemed to intuit that he didn't want to be touched or looked at. Hux sat with his back to Mitaka, his eyes averted save for the occasional glance over his shoulder to check on his XO. He closed his eyes upon hearing Mitaka's pitiful whimpers, recalling his own embarrassing inability to stay silent throughout the mounting agony. Hux found it difficult to remain in the here and now, telling himself that this was not going to happen to him again, that it couldn't . Snoke was not going to allow this, and when Hux complained about the treatment of his protégé (which he had every intention of doing), Snoke would avenge him accordingly. Judging by his stuttering, choked-off howls, the pain was breaking him sooner than it should have. They must have given him a higher dose than the usual . Hux spoke in a low, soothing tone, looking over his shoulder to make sure Mitaka was paying attention, "Dopheld, I need you to listen to me. You don't have to answer; just listen." Hux thought back to how he'd overcome the relentless misery visited on him by the drug. "Remember your training. It's not going to stop the pain, but it will help you get through it. You have to focus on the future. Pain is only temporary. You will live through this. It's only time passing. I know that you can pull through this because you've done it before." Hearing someone talk about positive thinking when you felt like your guts were turning inside out, and your skin was simultaneously burning and freezing, was probably irritating as hell, Hux thought, but it had helped him through years of his father's abuse and the frequent bullying and assaults he'd endured at the academy. Dissociating wasn't necessarily a healthy way to deal with one's problems, but it worked, at least temporarily. Mitaka was still fighting, trying to choke back his cries. "I know you have a secret place here on the ship -- people like us always find somewhere to hide. Someplace that's yours and yours alone. Someplace to feel safe. Relaxed. Focus on that place. Think about how it sounds. How it smells. How it feels. You're there now. You're floating away from yourself and just watching this happen, as if it were happening to someone else. Your mind is safe somewhere else. It's just one night. You can get through this. You'll be ok." He nodded, comforted by Hux's words even if he couldn't quite follow through on them. His mind reeled at the thought of this agony continuing for a whole night, but he tried to keep to his training and put those thoughts aside, thinking of each moment passing as another moment closer to relief. "There's no shame in crying out," Hux said after a while, knowing it was true even though he himself didn't really believe it. His whole life, he had been taught the opposite. Maintaining a cold, stoic exterior had been essential in pleasing his father; it hadn't necessarily reduced the amount of abuse he went through, but it often prevented additional torments being heaped on top of whatever he was already suffering. Everyone had their breaking point, though, and Serum 6, 7, or 11 would bring someone to that point rather quickly. They had endured a mere hour of each in training before the antidotes had been administered, but the worst effects could last up to 12 hours, ramping up over time, depending on the dosage. As though permission were all he needed to let go, Mitaka let out a piercing wail. The only thing that interrupted his screams were deep gasps, and, much later, the loss of his voice. Hux sat for hours, his fists balled, eyes focused on the deck plates, trembling slightly as he tried to keep his need for sleep and his own dark recollections at bay. As the hours passed, the stress of exhaustion combined with his XO's rasping shrieks wore away at his resolve, and Hux began to question his conviction that Snoke wouldn't have him tortured and executed. But what could he do? Any attempt to escape would seal his fate for certain. And where would he go, anyway? What would he do with the rest of his life? His dreams? In the end there was only his duty. He had done it, and would continue to do it. He had faced his fear of death many times in his career, and he had always overcome it. As long as he remained calm and concealed his true thoughts under layers of protection, like Kylo had taught him, he was confident he could talk his way out of this as well. He might be demoted and humiliated, but he was certain he couldn't be replaced. He had developed Starkiller Base. He had programed loyalty to the Order into the hearts and minds of every single soldier in their fleet. He had organized that fleet into an unstoppable, unassailable force. And he was capable of so much more. Though his self-assessments tended to fall on the deprecating side, he knew that he was one of the sharpest minds the military had at their disposal. Snoke needed him. The First Order needed him. I did everything expected of me, and more. Ren does as he will. He always has. Husband or not, I'm not his keeper. There is no reason to believe Snoke will harm or even suspect me in his absence. Nor should he. I'm only in this cell because of Doran's misguided attempt to seize power. He’ll be furious when he discovers what she’s done. The sound of heavy footfalls snapped him out of his daze and he stood up, grunting at the sharp pain that lanced up his spine. He pulled his greatcoat over his shoulders, picking at stray lint and smoothing it down, attempting to assume an air of authority before whoever it was arrived. To his surprise and relief, four elite troopers stood before him, one barking a command to step back while another turned off the force field. No officers had accompanied them. Hux stood back as ordered. Once the ray shield was down, he lowered his voice and said, "Keyword: thranta. Activate Thesh Protocol: phase one." "Thesh Protocol activated," all four troopers recited in unison, snapping to attention despite whatever internal desires they may have had. "Awaiting orders, sir," they announced, their voices even more robotic and flat than their helmet vocoders usually sounded. Hux felt no remorse in controlling his troopers this way; this kind of situation was exactly what the mind-control conditioning had been created for. There was no other way he could ensure their absolute obedience and loyalty. And this, should he desire it, would be his last chance at escape. He shoved the temptation from his mind, turning his attention to the first trooper. "EF-2471, administer the antidote for Serum 7 to Lieutenant Mitaka at once. Return him to my quarters, then stand guard there until I return. No one but myself shall be allowed to enter, and you will answer only to him." "Yes, sir." The trooper executed a precise about face and went to retrieve the required antidote. "EF-9943, remain and assist EF-2471." "Yes, sir." She moved to the side, guarding the cell entrance. "EF-3501 and EF-2266, you are with me." "Yes, sir," they both said, falling into position on either side of him as he marched through the many corridors and turbolifts toward Snoke's reception hall. The closer they drew to that dark chamber, the harder Hux had to work to subjugate his fear in favor of anger. Without Kylo’s snark and wit to play off, he had to stay focused on the righteous indignation he felt at the mistreatment of his subordinate and himself, letting thoughts of revenge against Admiral Doran fuel his rage and mask his distrust of the Supreme Leader. "Guard the doors. Allow no one but Kylo Ren to enter," Hux commanded as he approached the door. Wordlessly, the troopers took up position on either side of the doors, blasters at the ready. Though the double blast doors that guarded the Supreme Leader's inner sanctum were as heavy as those that secured the bridge, they slid open in near-silence, allowing the ambiance of the dim and sinister vault to immediately consume whoever entered. The doors glided shut behind him, sealing off any hope of help or escape. From here on out, Hux would have to trust in his own resourcefulness and guile. Chapter 3 He could just make out the shape ahead, wreathed in mist and shadows upon his throne. Far be it from Hux to wonder where the smoky atmosphere came from in the middle of a ship; he well understood the benefits of dramatic flair – his greatcoat flowed about him, cutting a larger and more imposing figure than his slight frame allowed. Snoke was taller than all of them, but small and more frail-seeming in person. Still, he was no less frightening to behold. His presence lost nothing in being diminished from a towering 12-meter hologram to a wispy alien a little over 2 meters tall. Hux hadn't even made it three-fourths of the way down the hall before Snoke's voice boomed as though still amplified by the HoloEmitter, "General Hux, where is my apprentice?" Hux frowned. So , Ren hadn't returned to his master? "Supreme Leader, I--" His voice cut out as a sudden pressure pinched his throat closed. Hands twitching, Hux fought the useless urge to claw at his throat. He clenched his fists tighter, forcing them to remain at his sides. Panic leapt to fill the space his breath would have occupied, and he struggled to maintain control of it. If he were going to die, he would do so with as little shame as possible; he would not disgrace himself by scrabbling at his neck and mewling like an animal. "Spare me your polished words, General," Snoke growled, rising and lumbering toward him. "I will discover your treachery for myself." Hux opened his mouth to scream as spectral claws began slashing through his mind, but sound could no more escape his constricted throat than air could enter. Staggering under the shock of the intrusion, he dropped to his knees. A powerful nausea swirled in his gut as Snoke pierced through his most private, humiliating memories, slithering from thought to thought, weaving threads of pervasive sickness as he searched for evidence of betrayal. The queasiness was familiar, but Hux had not felt its like since he was a child, when the Supreme Leader would search his thoughts for hints of deception. Everything about this invasion was more violent, more urgent than any before, and he had no defense against it. The walls Kylo had taught him to put up crumbled like sandcastles under the surge of a tidal wave of malice. Though he tried to clamp down on his stomach, Hux threw up. His straining lungs pulled in a bit of the rising bile before Snoke released his stranglehold. It was only a small amount, but it was enough to set fire to his chest and choke him as he crumpled to the floor, vomiting, coughing, sucking in great gasps of air, clutching at his stomach and tortured throat, all pretense of dignity cast aside. His mind reeled in confusion. Memories flashed and were torn aside before he could take stock of them: reaching out for a pretty, young red-headed woman -- Mother! -- seeing her run out into the battlefield as the bombs thundered all around -- screaming and sobbing as his father dragged him into the shuttle while the loading ramp closed, shutting him away from her forever -- What happened to her? -- the first test he missed two points on, his father's hands looking fat and soft holding the flimsiplast with his scores, until they came down on him hard and fast as lightning strikes; years of bringing home scoresheet after perfect scoresheet, new academy records, a top level marksman medal -- I was proud of that -- his father, sipping Corellian brandy out of that same faceted, crystal glass and barely glancing in his direction -- almost worse than the physical abuse, the indifferent and dismissive sniff he'd give, never acknowledging his son's desperate attempts to please -- Why wasn't I ever good enough? Again, the image that Mitaka's panic had brought to the surface -- not that again, please -- four boys, one of whom he'd foolishly had a crush on, holding him down in an empty classroom -- teeth and tongues and fingers and cocks inside of him, hurting him, making him bleed -- laughing, mocking his scars, his skinny frame, beating him but not in places where any marks would show -- All of the plans -- so many plans -- vibroknives, poisons, blasters -- to kill his father, to kill the boys who had raped him, to kill himself. He wished he were dead now. "Where is he? I know you're hiding it somewhere!" Snoke hissed. Then a jumbled collection of images that made him feel even more vulnerable than the memory of the assaults: the face of a young man -- dark skinned, sandy haired, green-eyed, and all smiles; slow to act but quick to laugh; bold, easy-going, gentle, sometimes even lazy, doing the bare minimum to scrape by and yet always succeeding -- he was everything that Hux was not. Jayden Corrik, the first man Hux had ever kissed. The first man he'd ever loved. "No!" Hux cried, the memory so real he could feel the warmth of Jayden's hand on the back of his neck as he pulled Hux in for that first, hot kiss, and suddenly, the salty, sickening taste of Corrik’s blood at their last. Jayden Corrik, his face broken open on the rocks of some wasteland of a planet. Dead, because of Hux's carelessness. The sands below drinking up his blood and his life, while what was left of it glistened on Hux's trembling hands and lips. Kylo Ren, bleeding out in the snow. "No!" Hux shouted again, his hatred and contempt boiling to the surface, unbidden. If he could convince Snoke the loathing he felt was for Kylo ... but it was already too late for that. Snoke was here, in his head, so any thought he had would be heard, and felt, the instant he had it. Snoke's lips peeled back from his jagged, yellowed teeth as he snarled, his voice strained by barely-controlled rage. "Now, isn't this interesting?" Snoke cared not a whit for his underling's enmity; he expected his charges to fear and obey him, not to like him. He required loyalty, not love. But that this one, this slave with no Force-sensitivity whatsoever, had concealed other feelings from him... While he was this deep in Hux's mind, Hux could glean the barest sense of Snoke's thoughts as well: Hux and Kylo's public animosity had convinced more than just the crew. But now he knew . Furious that he'd been misled by these two insignificant minions, Snoke tore through Hux's thoughts of Kylo. The ones on the surface were, of necessity, guarded with feelings of mockery and disregard for one another. Some of that had been real. At first, anyway. Too late, Hux tried to rebuild his mental shields. Snoke ripped them away with a snarl. Hux screamed and clutched the sides of his head as though he could push his defenses back into place. Snoke lingered on memories of the unlikely pair’s initial explorations of each other. Hux felt sick again, violated by the dark lord's presence in such intimate moments of his life. At the beginning, every move of Hux's had been calculated to control, to seduce. He'd had an agenda. Every gentle caress, so craved by the affection-starved knight, crawling over Kylo's skin like a spider's delicate ministrations, wrapping up Hux’s prey. Hux had deceived the wild warrior, whose passions were all too easy to read when unmasked. He'd used Ren’s selfless desire for him to kill off his competition and earn that last, yearned for promotion. He'd had zero remorse or shame for having done so, until -- Snoke had nearly withdrawn then, amused by Hux's deception. Despite the complexity of Hux's feelings for Ren, Snoke almost believed in his loyalty once again. But then there was that dangling thread of confusion, and Snoke was not one to leave loose ends hanging. -- until, almost year into their torrid "relationship", Hux fell in love. If he were honest with himself, he’d been attracted to Kylo the moment they’d met. But love was weakness, and weakness was unacceptable. So he’d used Kylo like he’d used everyone else around him, and worked to suppress those useless emotions that would only serve to hurt him. It was even possible that those initial feelings for Kylo had served him in his deception; people told themselves all sorts of pretty lies if it got them what they wanted. It was only a year later that he finally allowed himself to acknowledge that these feelings would not be eliminated as easily as his enemies had been. Snoke cackled, an ominous sound like the snapping of bones. "Played by your own game, General?" Now he felt the shame, roiling and burning like the sun’s energy in the belly of the Starkiller. He had promised himself he would never love again, that every waking moment would be devoted in single-minded service to the Order. He had even attempted to re-condition himself, in the privacy of his quarters, so desperate to be free of these painful feelings, these defects in himself. People were merely tools to be used. There was no room for weakness. The most painful truth of all: his father had been right. Weakness brought only torment. Snoke knew that Kylo had fallen for Hux almost from the moment he'd introduced them. There was nothing his apprentice could hide from him. He didn't blame the young knight; this had been intended, after all. Fostering co-dependence and rivalry in his servants had always been part of the plan. But he had expected the general to rebuff him at every turn, use him (as he had) to stoke further bitterness and anger in Kylo's heart. To drive home the lesson that sentiment was useless and damaging. The fact that Hux had fallen prey to his own desires -- Hux, his obedient, disciplined pet, always so in control -- it was unexpected... and delectable. Hux's turmoil was like a sumptuous feast spread out before the dark lord, to consume at his leisure. And devour it he would. Hux had always buried his emotions. That, in itself was not suspect. Still, Snoke felt a nagging doubt around Hux's subterfuge, and he had not risen to the position of Supreme Leader by leaving things unfinished. There was something even deeper going on here. He must not allow Hux's feelings for Kylo to distract him from his goal. Before, he would have thought to send Hux after Ren personally -- such a menial task perhaps punishment enough for one who held himself in such high regard -- but now, with Hux's emotional integrity in question, could his loyalty be suspect as well? Snoke dove back into Hux's thoughts, ignoring the general's retching and sobbing. He swept aside images of tender kisses and soft touches, even skipping over their secret engagement and subsequent marriage two years ago, looking for something more recent. There! The chill of fear and sting of defeat as Starkiller Base collapsed behind them, their shuttle jumping to lightspeed just before the shockwave of the expanding corona caught up to them. Terror. Anger, as they argued over the next two days about what to do. Kylo. Kylo had wanted to leave. To search for that girl . And Skywalker. Perhaps he'd wanted to please his master after such a scathing failure by returning with these prized prisoners. Hux argued with him, and eventually Kylo relented, agreeing to go to Snoke on his own and continue his training. But Kylo Ren had not returned to him. There was something flat about the scene. It lacked emotion, which was to be expected on Hux's part, but logic and reason had never been known to sway the fiery young warrior whose reckless heart ruled his head more often than not. They had been shouting, Hux becoming increasingly worried and desperate, and then… nothing. The knight had acquiesced. Kylo Ren never relented so easily. Snoke explored this memory with more care, and the discrepancy leapt out at him. There, at the mid-point of their argument, just after the mention of Skywalker and the girl, a wall. The Force was at work in Hux's mind, a palpable barrier around this particular moment. A pulsating layer of darkness and haze, obscuring Hux's thoughts. This was the work of his apprentice. Hux, too, blinked in surprise at this turn of events, his confusion registering briefly over his mental anguish as Snoke ripped through the last of the obstacles in his mind. He mind-tricked me ? Why? >>>>>>>>><<<<<<<<<< "I can find her, Hux. I think I know where she went. I’ve seen that place before. The island. Even if she won't be my apprentice, she still wants the same thing that we do! So does Luke! And if I can convince them that it isn't a trap, that we really want Snoke gone--" Hope. Frustration. Fear. "Why are you telling me this? Ren, if you want to go then just go." Betrayal. Abandonment . "Now you've made me just as culpable! How can I go back now and pretend everything is normal? He'll know, Ren. I can't keep this hidden from him." "I can." Derision. "You can try ." "I can't do it if you won't let me. You're too strong-willed for a simple mind-trick . You have to let me in." Pride. Trepidation. "Don't... Don't go too far." "I won't." Trust. Hope. "Alright." Kylo's fingers, soft at his temples. Leaning into the touch as though it might be their la st, even though he knows he won’t remember it. A twinge of pain and then... A sigh. "You're right. I'll drop you off and go back to complete my training. It's the only way. And you must have a lot of work to do." Smugness. Irritation. "Indeed, and I'd rather not waste time ferrying your ass all over the galaxy." >>>>>>>>><<<<<<<<<< So they were planning to betray him after all, at least, the son of Solo was. And Hux had been willing to go along with it at the very least. Snoke sighed, nearly a growl. It was to be expected, albeit not so soon. Snoke searched for other evidence of Kylo’s tampering, but found only a vague presence fluttering around the edges of Hux’s thoughts and feelings. A pale, moth-like light that remained in his mind. A piece of Kylo’s presence in the Force, connecting him to Hux’s subconscious even through the vastness of space. Snoke grinned. He knew, now, how to bring his wayward apprentice to heel. Chapter 4 It was a shame, really. Hux was useful, and perhaps, even now still loyal. He would be difficult to replace. Possibly, when Snoke had finished with him, and Kylo was once again under his thrall, the general could be restored and reconditioned to forget all of this unpleasantness. But, for now, he would be instrumental in destroying Kylo's last bit of resistance to Snoke’s wisdom and teachings. Hux felt the flicker of Snoke's doubt as he withdrew from his mind, leaving a deep void like an old wound that had been ripped open. The emptiness immediately filled with a tumult of conflicting thoughts. Sensing his end was near, Hux pushed himself up and forced himself to stand, swaying. He would not grovel. He would not die in a pool of his own sick and tears. He would not . He wiped his mouth and hoped his voice would come out steadier than his balance. He told himself he wasn't begging, he was reassuring . "Supreme Leader, I am loyal." "We shall see." Hux heard the tromping of boots approaching from behind but refused to look over his shoulder like frightened prey. He kept his hands by his side, fighting to still the tremors that shook him. "I could have fled, but I came back," he said, too quickly, the pitch of panic coloring his voice more than he would have liked. Snoke, who'd already begun to walk back to his throne, whirled on him. "Then endure your punishment for yet another ill-considered failure, and in doing so, serve me," he growled, his voice rumbling in the chamber. To the troopers, he commanded, "Take him away. Strip him and march him through the corridors of the ship, so that every officer and soldier here sees the cost of failure, so that they know none of them is above reproach. Then, shackle him in the courtyard for anyone to use as they see fit. Do as you will with him; so long as he does not die, I care not what befalls him. Let him see what enmity his ruthlessness has earned him." "Supreme Leader--" Even gripped by terror Hux had to force the word past his lips. "-- please !" Snoke had already resumed his position on the throne, looking down on Hux with same indifference his father had once shown. He waved them away with a gesture of his gnarled hand, and said nothing further as the troopers grabbed Hux by the arms and dragged him from the throne room. Hux wasn't fighting them; he'd gone limp, numb with fear. He had to think. Quickly. His mind raced through calculations, contingency plans, tactics, but could settle on nothing. He had been wrong -- so wrong -- and that hurt almost as much as to admit that Kylo had been right. He should have fled when he had the chance. There was nothing to be done now. These troopers were not the ones he had conditioned to follow his orders earlier. The conditioning! "Keywo--" An armored fist landed on his jaw hard enough to snap his head to the side. Pain bloomed across his face with such ferocity he nearly blacked out. "Key--" he slurred and spat out blood and fragments of a tooth. He had to keep trying. "Keyword--" Another trooper rushed forward and grabbed him by the jaw -- fractured, or at the very least, bruised, judging by the agony it caused -- while another tied a greasy rag around his mouth and tightened it mercilessly, stifling his gurgled groans. Save your strength. This is going to get worse. Cold, betaplast-covered hands forced him to his knees and began roughly undressing him, punching and kicking him to discourage any struggling. They tossed his coat to the ground and ripped open his tunic and undershirt, exposing Hux's pale, scarred flesh. The implications of what was about to happen to him slammed into his consciousness like a hammerhead corvette, and the instinct to flee clawed its way through Hux's tattered dignity. This is going to get worse. Fear granted him a strength he didn't know he had. As soon as they pulled his tunic free their grip on his arms loosened momentarily and Hux seized his chance. He slipped out of the stiffened but silky material and launched himself forward, ducking between two passing lieutenants who'd stopped to stare at the unbelievable sight before them. He snatched a blaster from the young woman's holster, but before he could even raise it blue stun rings fanned out around him, catching him in the shoulder. The unfortunate lieutenant took the brunt of the blast, but Hux dropped to his knees in a blinding flash of light and pain nonetheless. An unintelligible groan sounded in his throat. His body felt heavy, too heavy, as though he had suddenly been subjected to the increased gravity of an oversized planet. Though they jerked and twitched, his arms and legs no longer responded to his mental commands, and if he hadn't just used the ‘fresher he was quite certain this situation would have been even more uncomfortable and humiliating. Being lifted up with little effort by the troopers while still feeling crushed by his own weight played havoc on his senses. The paralysis did nothing to relieve the throbbing in his jaw, either. Vertigo swept through him, chased by shame, as they manhandled him into an easier position to disrobe him, yanking off his boots and pants, even his underwear. Panic shot a burst of adrenaline through him, helping to clear the effects of the stun from his system, though not fast enough. He shivered in the sudden cold. His tongue pushed against the sodden cloth in his mouth, tasting the salt of his blood, but even without the gag his protests would have been slurred and ineffectual. The troopers were laughing, spitting insults and joking about his size, his scars, his cock. An involuntary blush colored his cheeks, and he struggled in vain against their iron grip. Several of them raised him up, parallel to the floor. He couldn't lift his head to see what they were doing. "If the traitor wants to run away so badly," a metallic voice sounded from behind a trooper's mask, "Let's see how well he does after this." Hux had barely registered the rapid succession of clicks that signaled a stun baton snapping into place before a blow to the soles of his feet lanced pain all the way up his spine to settle at the base of his skull. His cry, though muffled by the gag, was loud enough to draw a larger crowd of onlookers. The strikes continued, building in intensity, stinging and burning. He tried to bite down on the gag, but his cracked tooth and jaw ached so badly his stomach heaved in response. He gave up trying to hold in his screams when a bone cracked, then several bones. It had been too long since he'd felt this kind of agony, and his endurance had diminished. This had been one of his father's preferred tests and punishments -- pain receptors in the feet never acclimated to the violence being inflicted. The pain grew and grew until he eventually lost control and cried out, every time. The beating finally subsided, though his panic did not. He twisted and writhed in their grip, but had no leverage and little strength to break free. Not being able to see what was coming amplified his anxiety. His heart raced. He tried again to lift his head, but someone snatched a handful of his hair, wrenched his head back and spit in his eye. Hux squeezed his eyes shut against further assaults and they released his head to dangle toward the floor once more. Panting, he tried to catch his breath before they hurt him again. A new sensation, sharper and more focused than the truncheon, set his nerves ablaze. He bucked against their renewed hold on him as the point of a vibroknife sliced through his skin from the point of his heel to his toes. On top of the beating he'd just received, it felt like his feet were on fire. The slashes continued -- two, three, six before he lost count -- then started on the other foot as well. The agony restored his strength and he jerked and contorted so wildly that they eventually dropped him, kicking and punching him as he clawed at the deck plates to get away. He heard a rib snap a split second before he felt it, then three more. Pain stabbed through his chest. He curled up and flailed out, trying to defend himself, to cover his face and neck, and fought against the instinct to kick at them. The blows stopped as if in unison, and through his tears -- was he sobbing? How pathetic -- he saw their shadows slide away. "You want to get away, traitor?" a tinny, modulated voice taunted him, "Then, go on. Run. We'll give you a 30 second head start." Hux looked up. Hundreds, thousands of officers and troops alike lined the corridor, having arrived to gawk at the spectacle of his disgrace while he had been blinded by agony. His officers. His troops. And yet they stood by, offering nothing but pity at best, and more insults and attacks at worst. Their betrayal hurt almost as badly as any of his injuries. The majority of the officers at least had the decency to avert their eyes as he clambered to his feet only to stagger and fall again with a cry of despair. The burning, throbbing agony in his feet pulsed all the way up to his chest, which tightened in response. He gasped for breath, wishing that the cold air could somehow cool the fire spreading throughout his body. He knew this was just a trap, a trick to get him to injure himself even more, to teach him the futility of escape, but the instinct to flee was too strong to suppress. This is going to get worse. The sadistic laughter of the troopers drowned out the whimpers that escaped him as he pulled himself up to his knees and half-crawled, half-stumbled away. Thirty seconds wasn’t a lot of time, but he knew this ship better than the engineers who designed and built it. There were places he could go. Places he could hide. If only he could get away. He could do this. Pain was only time passing. He'd been through worse. With a growl that morphed into a scream of determination, he stood and lurched down the corridor. It was less running than a sort of controlled falling, keeping his hands out in front of him like a blind man in case he tripped. The splintered bones in his feet and toes cracked and ground against one another. It was excruciating to remain upright, but not impossible. No matter how much his mind railed against this futility, he couldn't stop himself from trying. Hux was well aware he was merely being forced to participate in his own degradation, but if there were a chance, even a small one... The ache of betrayal was nearly as strong as the torture of movement. The faces he passed were all familiar to him, even the ones concealed behind helmets. He knew every one of them by name, or number. Had grown up with them or supervised their growth. None offered a hand. Not even a word of encouragement. Most refused to meet his gaze. "Time's up!" Someone tripped him as he rounded a corner. He crashed hard, twisting to land on his left side, which was less injured but no less painful to skid down the metal deck plates on. The walls seemed to move in on him as more troopers jumped him, striking him with the butts of their blasters, slashing at him with vibroknives, and stomping and kicking him with their durasteel-tipped boots. He shielded his face and head with his arms again, and tried to untie the knot at the back of the gag. Pain and desperation made his hands tremble. He couldn't get ahold of the knot and it was too tight to just pull off. Just as it started to slip, someone realized what he was doing and yanked his hands away, up and over his head. They kept hold of his wrists, his thin bones grinding against one another as they dragged him down the corridor toward the assembly grounds. His bare skin, slicked with the sweat of his efforts and the blood of his injuries, squeaked against the polished, chromium flooring. Hux went limp, accepting that it was over and attempting to conserve what little strength he had left for the torments to come. At least, as dead weight he would make them work for it, though the extra effort on their part was minimal and meaningless to anything other than his pride. The assembly hall, typically used for the academy's sports and parade drills, and for publicly rendered punishments and executions, was large enough to host the entirety of their military complement and then some: around 100,000 beings in total. A sense of dread, mingled with shame, overcame Hux as they hauled him into the cavernous space. This was where, as a child, and later as a cadet, he'd been publicly lashed for his transgressions. His back ached at the memory. A great many of the older officers aboard this ship had witnessed his humiliation in the past, and several of the ones currently running drills had stopped to see what all the commotion was about. Stopping just short of the pillar to which he was to be shackled, the Stormtroopers encircled him. The one who had taken the lead, IS-5287, stood over him, removing his belt and lower armor, and beginning to unfasten his pants. Horror seized Hux's heart. They wouldn't! They wouldn't dare ! Before the trooper could finish, a voice cut through the commotion of the crowd. "What is all this about?" The nasally voice belonged to one of Hux's former classmates, Lieutenant Commander Talav, now an instructor at their alma mater on the Finalizer. IS-5287 took a step back and saluted. "Direct orders from Supreme Leader Snoke, sir. The traitor is to be shackled here and tortured to the point of death by any who desire to take part in his punishment." "Is that so?" Talav's eyes narrowed as he looked down at Hux in cold disdain. Hux looked up at him, eyes wide with fear and pleading for Talav to stop them. Although Talav had been friends with those who'd bullied him, and no doubt knew about the multiple violations Hux had suffered at their hands, he himself had never participated. Still, Hux’s hope was tempered. Talav leered at Hux, his lips curling into a smirk as he stared into his eyes, "Carry on then." Hux's anguished shout, garbled by the gag, was nonetheless understood as Talav turned and walked away. The troopers closed around him once more, IS-5287 continuing where he'd left off. Several others began removing their belts and armor as well. This can't be happening. Laughter swirled around him, chasing his panic to new heights. This was never supposed to happen again. He was a general. He had power. With renewed vigor, he lashed out, howling and twisting and kicking at them, heedless of the pain. He had to get away. Two troopers wrenched his arms apart until he was pinned down. Despite the burn in his straining muscles, his back seized up against the frigid flooring. Unbearable pain shot through him as his lacerated heel connected with one trooper's chin, sending his attacker flying back into another. The ones fighting to keep hold of his arms slammed him down hard against the ground, dazing him just long enough for another two to grab hold of his pale thighs and yank them apart. Humiliation washed over him at being so exposed, so helpless, the heat of shame coloring his cheeks. He looked up into those faceless, skull-like masks, wailing protests that went ignored. IS-5287 -- "Ice" his squadmates called him, due to his cold-blooded, cruel nature – lifted his helmet just enough to spit in his hand, and pumped it over his already hardened cock a few times before settling his weight over Hux and thrusting through his clenched hole in one violent stroke. Hux screamed, squirming under the trooper's immense weight, chest heaving to draw breath again. He wished he could bite down to stifle his pitiful grunts and yelps as Ice continued to hammer into him. The pain tore at his insides -- he could already feel blood trickling down his backside -- but it didn't burn as badly as the violation of having someone other than his husband inside him. He turned his head to the side and squeezed his eyes shut against the image of the man rutting above him. An instinct fostered by years of abuse drained the fight from him. His arms and legs went slack, trembling from exhaustion and fear. Behind closed eyes, memories surfaced from the times before. Faces of the boys at the academy. Sometimes the teachers. Leering. Predatory. This can't be happening! He had worked so hard, and for so long, to finally have power so that no one could ever use him like this again. And it had all been for nothing. None of that mattered now. Now he was nothing more than a scared cadet, powerless and exploitable. Tears pooled in the corners of his eyes and streamed over the bridge of his nose as the next man, and the next took their turns. As the shadow of the fourth trooper fell over him, eclipsing any hope of mercy or reprieve, a blaster shot rang out. Hux gasped as the hot spray of blood showered over him, expecting (and secretly hoping for) it to have been his own. He opened his eyes at the sound of a familiar voice: metallic but higher-pitched. Phasma . "What is the meaning of this?" She demanded, leveling the barrel of her still-smoking blaster at the next trooper in line. "Explain!" The troopers' words tumbled over one another as they rushed to defend their actions, citing Snoke's orders. "Back off. Now!" Phasma barked. The troopers stepped away and stood there, shuffling about in uncertainty. Phasma took one hand from her weapon to remove the clasp that held her cape in place, then knelt beside Hux, who had curled himself into a tight ball, covering his face in shame. She draped her cape over him, her actions gentle in spite of her formidable size and strength. The soft falls of fabric conformed to his thin, battered frame, shielding Hux from the gaze of the large crowd that had gathered. "General, can you stand?" She asked, her voice soft, even through the harshness of the vocabulator in her mask. Hux tried to answer, but in his confusion forgot all about the gag. Even so, she understood his garbled response as a negative. He tried again to untie it, but Phasma brushed aside his shaking hands and unfastened it herself. "Sir! You can't do that! He'll--" "Keyword: Thranta." Phasma said without turning to see their reaction. The troopers' eyes went wide. "Activate Thesh Protocol: phase one." All 20 of the soldiers gathered there jerked to attention as one, intoning in a deadpan chorus, “Thesh Protocol activated. Awaiting orders, sir.” "Did you not think I had knowledge of your activation codes? Fools." If her helmet had been off, she would have spit on them. Disgusting, atrocious… The representatives of the Order should be better than this. She stood, drawing up to her full height. "Which of you participated in this barbarism?" The three rapists raised their hands, fear racing through them as their bodies moved entirely against their wills. “Step forward.” They did so. “Elevate protocol: phase four,” she said to those who had confessed. Without question or hesitation the three troopers removed their helmets, raised their sidearms to their heads, terror at having lost control of their bodies evident in their eyes before they blasted themselves into the next world. "Which of you beat him, or held him down?" Another round of hands –- to these she extended a modicum of mercy -– “Keyword: Vorn. Terminate.” Their bodies crumpled to the ground, unconscious from instantaneous, massive cerebral hemorrhaging and dead within half a minute. "The rest of you, clean up this mess and get out of my sight! You six, clear the corridors to the medbay!" The troopers scrambled to obey, though less from fear than a deep-seated and involuntary need to carry out the tasks assigned, corralling the onlookers and ushering them away. Phasma knelt again, scooping up her general (and friend) with great care. Hux let out one hitching sob before turning his face to her chromium-plated shoulder and going quiet, staring at nothing, shock overtaking him. Dare he hope that Phasma would defy the orders of the Supreme Leader? For the longest time, she had been his only friend aboard this lonely ship. He couldn't allow the same fate to befall her. "It's true..." his voice rasped from his raw throat, "Snoke ordered... this." She gave no indication that she had heard him. Her metal boots continued to clank down the now emptied corridors and into a turbolift. "Don't... don't ruin yourself for me. It's not worth it." "Armitage," she began, her voice taking on a more familiar, tender inflection, "I know you. You are no traitor." Her tone hardened into its frosty professionalism again, brooking no further arguments, "And I will not allow you to be harmed, nor my soldiers to behave in such a depraved and uncivilized manner." After a while, fighting against the humiliation of acknowledging what had just happened to him, and that his friend had seen it, he whispered, "Thank you." She only nodded and continued walking. As they approached the medbay, she said quietly, "Sir, there is a holdout blaster on my hip. Can you reach it?" Hux wriggled an arm out and unsnapped her holster, pulling the small pistol back up to hide it under the folds of the cloak. "If we are intercepted, do not hesitate to use it." He nodded, understanding the meaning in the shadow of her words. The culture that had birthed Naleen Phasma prized honor above all else. The fact that he had not already used it to end his shame must have lowered her estimation of him. “Medic!” Phasma’s metallic voice demanded as she strode into the medbay and laid Hux down on a bed. The chief medical officer approached, but upon seeing Hux he shook his head. “I’m sorry. On orders of the Supreme Leader and Admiral Doran, he is not to be treated unless he is in danger of dying.” Phasma’s long legs made up the distance between them in the space of a single heartbeat. She grabbed the doctor by the collar of his lab coat and thrust the barrel of her blaster into his stomach. “If you do not wish to be in danger of dying, you will do your duty and tend to him now . And fetch painkillers.” “Y-yessir,” the older man stammered, scurrying off and returning with an FX-7 med droid. Phasma turned to stand guard at the door, glancing over now and again to make sure her orders were being followed. The droid pressed a hypospray to Hux’s bicep, and he felt the immediate effects of sluggishness settling into him, weighing down his limbs, but no relief from the pain. It took him precious, wasted seconds to realize he’d been sedated rather than anesthetized. He drew breath to warn Phasma, but it was too late. Blasterfire erupted in the hall, and the chromed captain dropped to one knee, returning bright red bursts of fire into the corridor. Under the cape, Hux strained against the artificial heaviness pushing down on him, angling the blaster millimeter by millimeter toward his chin. His eyelids felt too thick to keep open and his arm felt as though it were moving through rapidly hardening permacrete. For all his tiredness, his heart was racing. The med droid had noticed what he was trying to do and extended one claw-like arm to stop him. He couldn’t even draw deep enough breath to warn Phasma, not that any sound he could make would carry over the firestorm of laser blasts anyway. Please. Please let me end this. Sleep tugged his eyelids closed, just as his finger twitched on the trigger. Chapter 5 The constant humming and beeping of the ship’s systems and the hissing of the air recyclers had faded into something that passed for silence to Kylo Ren. Even the cold seeping up through his robes from the durasteel plating, as he sat cross-legged on the floor in his quarters, didn’t distract from his meditations. He had long since learned to tune out the various manifestations of irritation the human body could supply indefinitely when one wished to be still. What he hadn’t prepared for was the sudden jolt of terror and agony that yanked him back into the world of physical sensation like a parent snatching a child back from a dangerous precipice. He sat for a moment, stunned, holding his head in his hands and gasping for breath. It felt as though he were spinning and falling all at once, the bulkheads closing in around him. Pain came at him from every angle, every strike punctuated with fear, making it difficult to tell where one injury ended and the next began. Kylo immediately identified the source as Hux, but the reason for his suffering eluded him. Kylo had been flying from system to system for three days since dropping Hux off on the Finalizer, and nothing had happened between then and now. Hux had been restless and exhausted, but that was just so much background noise for Kylo. His husband rarely slept, and tended to fret over the most miniscule of details when Kylo wasn’t around to make him go to sleep and take care of himself. There had been ample time for someone to punish Hux, if that was what they were going to do. So, why now? The why didn’t really matter. All that mattered was that it was happening. Now. And he wasn’t there to stop it. He jumped up, intending to head toward the cockpit …and do what, exactly? Turn the ship around? Go back? After days of guesswork and meditation to hone his Force senses, not to mention how much effort he’d put into obfuscating his own distinct Force signature, he had just entered the coordinates for the final hyperspace jump to a system near enough to where he thought Ahch-To was that he was certain he could find Luke. If he went back now, he would be unprepared to deal with Hux’s injuries and Snoke. He couldn’t even be sure if the Knights, his Knights, would be loyal to him over the Supreme Leader. Unless he brought along Luke and the scavenger girl -- Rey, the traitor had called her, though that wasn’t his sister’s name -- he wouldn’t stand a chance against Snoke. His father had had to die for him to acknowledge that it was true. Snoke was using him. Had tricked him into thinking patricide was the only path to power when, in fact, it had weakened him. No doubt to keep him under control. Whatever the reason, he was useless to Hux now. Without the completion of his training, the Dark or the Light, he was useless to everyone. It took every last bit of concentration to push back against his bond to his husband, to keep it in periphery so that he remained aware but was no longer feeling the pain as though it were his own. But I deserve to feel it . In some terrible way, he was grateful for the pain. He had killed his own father. Han Solo had never been there for him, and yet… he was nowhere near as atrocious as Hux’s father. Han hadn’t deserved death for trying, in his typically stoic and ineffectual way, to show his son that he loved him. Kylo slumped down onto the edge of his bed, and stared at his big, empty hands. Tears plonked onto the deckplates below. As Kylo Ren, he had never felt this helpless. Now, he didn’t even have a lightsaber. He wasn’t even sure he had a name anymore. Who was Kylo Ren without his master, without his Knights, and without his darkness? The ship would drop out of hyperspace in less than two hours. He had to keep going. For Hux and for himself. Whoever he was now.