Cold Smoke Light crept along the floor, highlighting the paint stained carpet further and further as the door creaked open. Kylo shifted from where he laid, an arm instinctively raising to cover his eyes. Turning slightly, he allowed his eyes to open tentatively as they adjusted to the harsh fluorescents. Hux stood wavering in the doorway, one foot hesitantly in the apartment, and the other still in the hallway. Kylo lazily propped himself on his elbows, squinting at the man through the darkness. A trail of discarded clothing and empty bottles of paint laid a clear path between them, yet Hux made no attempt to step over them to cross the room. “What are you doing?” Kylo yawned, bitterness lacing his voice, “Quit loitering in the hallway and get in the fucking apartment,” Hux stared back blankly, unaffected by the obvious anger Kylo directed towards him. Kylo blinked once more, vaguely wondering if he was still asleep and dreaming. Any other night, Hux would have lit into him already. He rolled his eyes, throwing himself back onto the mattress and yanking the blanket up. “Shut the goddamn door, Hux. I don’t have time to coddle your drunk ass tonight, I’m trying to sleep,” Kylo demanded, “I have things to do tomorrow-” “Like what?” Hux shot back finally, “Sulk around the apartment until you work up the effort to splatter some paint on a canvas the same way you’ve done it a hundred times before? Ignore phone calls from your mother? Punch another hole in the wall?” Kylo stared at him, watched the way Hux still left half of his body in the hallway. Raking his fingers through his hair, he tried to ignore the way the other man was staring at him as if waiting for a tantrum. He was exhausted, and the scene was too predictable. Hux would antagonize him. Kylo would try to ignore it and remain calm. Hux would continue to push him. Kylo would lose his temper. They would fight. They would fuck. They would fall asleep on separate sides of the bed and pretend it was fine in the morning. “Keep your voice down,” Kylo pleaded, “Do you want the neighbors calling the police again?” Hux didn’t answer, just watched Kylo from where he stood. Despite being on different sides of the apartment, there could not have been more than twenty five feet between them. Perhaps, Kylo reasoned, it was the close quarters that had them constantly at one another’s neck. Not their incessant need to one up each other, to be the one with the last word in, the winner of a game that they shouldn’t play in the first place. Perhaps it was the lack of space, Kylo told himself once more, even though Hux had been coming home less and less in the last few weeks. That had to be it. “They called the police because of your screaming,” Hux hissed, snapping Kylo back into reality, “I have nothing to do with the noise complaints that have almost gotten us evicted four times-” “For fuck’s sake,” Kylo shouted, drawing in a deep breath in an attempt to calm himself, “If you’d just listen to a goddamn thing I have to say for once-” “That’s really something coming from you,” Hux laughed, and for the first time Kylo noticed the redness around his eyes. Instinctively, his body sat up a little more, like it was trying to pull him from the bed to Hux’s side. Kylo smothered the desire to run the pad of his thumb along the dark, sunken in bags beneath Hux’s eyes that shone like bruises against his pale skin. “Hux,” Kylo rubbed the bridge of his nose, “I’m tired. Get inside,” Hux pulled his coat tighter around his shoulders, like it had suddenly grown colder. Instead of moving into the apartment, he shifted back slightly. Kylo covered his face with his hands, trying his hardest not to launch into yet another screaming match in the middle of the night. “I’m tired too,” Hux spoke up finally, voice flatter than usual. Kylo sensed the tension between them, and squeezed his eyes closed as he prepared himself for a night of arguing that would just end in the same cutting insults as always. “It’s four in the morning,” he murmured from his spot on the bed, tugging back the blankets for Hux to climb in, as if some final plea, “Just come to bed. We’ll talk when it’s-” “I don’t love you anymore,” Hux announced, the words tumbling out quickly. It was as if he couldn’t hold them in a second longer. Kylo’s head raised slightly from where he laid, still unable to open his eyes all the way from sleep. Hux was more jittery now, visibly trembling from where he stood in the doorway. “Hux,” Kylo sighed, “I don’t want to fight with you tonight, can you just-” “I’m done fighting,” Hux continued, the slight shake of his voice evening out with a sharp intake of air, “I don’t love you, and I’m not staying. I came to get my things, then I’m leaving for good,” “You don’t mean that,” Kylo narrowed his eyes, menacing gaze almost daring Hux to do anything besides go to bed. Hux moved suddenly, swooping around the room to gather the things that he had tucked away neatly around the apartment. It was calculated, like he had made a list of everything he needed to procure ahead of time. Kylo realized, helplessly, that this wasn’t a spur of the moment decision. “Would you slow down and just talk to me-” Kylo started, noticing the way Hux’s eyebrows crinkled in frustration until his gaze landed upon him. “That’s my shirt,” he noted cooly, eyes drawn to the fabric clinging to Kylo’s body. Kylo looked down, realizing that he had in fact snagged one of Hux’s shirts from their shared drawers. It hadn’t been on purpose, the two of them had shared everything in their years living in the dingy studio apartment. Kylo hadn’t thought twice about it. “Hux,” Kylo warned, making no effort to remove the clothing. Hux waited patiently, swaying only slightly from the alcohol he had ingested earlier that night. “Stop acting like a child and give me the shirt,” Hux demanded, eyes shifting around the room like he was counting down the seconds until he could leave. Kylo searched the other man for an article of his own clothing, something to point out and level the playing field. They had worn at least one piece of each other’s clothes nearly every day for the last two years, perhaps even longer, yet Kylo could make out nothing adorning Hux’s body that belonged to him. He wondered, suddenly, how premeditated this plan truly was. Kylo felt something like a stab in his chest at the thought of Hux wanting to leave him midday sober. They had threatened to end it at four in the morning plenty of times, but always reevaluated by the morning to decide against it. Perhaps, this time was different. Kylo sat up suddenly, tearing the shirt off in a mixture of anger and disgust, and threw it across the room. It landed at Hux’s feet, and he bent down effortlessly to swipe it up with the rest of his belongings. It was folded mid-air, and placed in the nearly overflowing duffel back resting on Hux’s shoulder. They stared at each other for a moment, neither one moving for what felt like ages. Finally, Hux turned away and looked slowly around the room a final time. Kylo couldn’t tell if he was searching for a belonging he missed, or trying to remember every detail of the home he was about to say goodbye to. “For the record,” Kylo shattered the silence as Hux approached the door, “I don’t love you anymore either,” Hux paused, one foot across the threshold of the apartment. Kylo half believed that the words could be enough to draw them back into one final fight, an argument that would last them until morning when Hux could sober up and reassess his decision. Hux kept his back to Kylo, and after a beat he took the final step to exit the apartment fully. “I know,” he answered finally. The door closed gently behind him, and Kylo fell asleep as the gentle light of dawn washed through half drawn curtains. Chapter 2 : Colder Throats Kylo’s hands turned the pale cardstock over in his hands. Faintly, he registered the scent of lavender drifting up from the paper. The jutting text bumped along his fingertips, tangible proof of the words he could barely make out through bleary eyes. Save the Date! The loopy lettering read out, and Kylo faintly noticed the tell-tale sign of Poe’s signature curved exclamation point. Leave it to Dameron to write out every wedding invitation by hand, in calligraphy so perfect Kylo assumed it was printed. The phone in his hand nearly vibrated from the excited rambling on the other end, and Kylo realized it had been a fair amount of time since he spoke last. Clenching the card a little tighter, he shifted his gaze to the kitchen sink. “I’m really so happy for you guys,” Kylo repeated for the third time into the phone, and Finn’s sparkling laughter drifted back into his ear. “So you’ve said,” Poe agreed, something playful in his voice. Kylo felt his cheeks heat up, trying desperately to recall the previous events of the conversation. Poe had called him, asking some mundane question about the next exhibition at his art gallery, joking about Kylo finally getting his own work up there. From there, the conversation shifted to Finn and Poe’s new house, but Kylo found that portion to be blurry. “Am I on speaker?” Kylo demanded, huffing as he dropped the card onto his kitchen counter and turned around so that his back was pressed against it. “What?” Poe asked distractedly, “No- baby, it’s a left turn up here, you’re in the wrong lane, use your turn signal Finn, for god’s sake-” Kylo amusedly listened to the sound of tires screeching, followed by Poe’s quickening breath and an array of half sincere compliments. Finn’s voice was garbled, and Kylo gave up on trying to make out his words. “Is Finn driving? When did that start happening?” Kylo quirked an eyebrow, running a hand through his tangled hair in an attempt to tuck it behind his ear. “Is he what?” Poe repeated, “Driving! Oh, yes, Finn is driving. He got his permit last week, I’m teaching him as an engagement gift,” “And you thought this would be a good time to give old Kylo a call,” Kylo snorted, fumbling with the ring adorning his middle finger. It had belonged to his father. For some reason, he gave it to Kylo before he left for school. Kylo never asked about it, but kept it on nevertheless. It made for something to fiddle with when his nerves acted up. “It’s more for my sake than yours. Finn is really spiking my anxiety with his driving, and you’re just such a calming presence, Kylie,” Poe laughed, and Kylo heard the expected thwack of the back of Finn’s hand against the passenger’s arm. Kylo rolled his eyes, already feeling ill from the positivity and adoration the two had for each other that he could feel from just a five minute phone call. It was one of the reasons he could rarely make it through anything more than a few hours with the two of them: they were sickeningly in love. Distractedly, he picked the invitation up once more and ran his fingers along it. The date was about a month away, certainly a rushed event. However, Kylo noted to himself, Poe and Finn had a way of rushing everything. “Ky?” Poe prodded, voice softer and Kylo snapped out of his trance. “Sorry,” he swallowed thickly, setting the card down gently once more and averting his gaze from it, “What were you saying?” “You got our Save the Date,” Poe stated, and Kylo hated how well his childhood friend could read him. It was like nothing could be kept secret from Poe Dameron. “Ask him… the… ‘ea?” Finn’s broken voice came excitedly in patches, and Kylo struggled to make out the question. “Finn wants to know if the handwritten calligraphy was a good idea,” Poe scoffed, like he couldn’t believe the other man had the nerve to ask the question. “I assumed it was printed when I first saw it,” Kylo replied earnestly, trying his hardest to sound cheery and excited. The two emotions, however, were some of the most difficult for Kylo to pull off. Fake anger was no problem, as Kylo was secretly stifling rage practically his whole life. It didn’t take much to irritate him, or even send him into a spiraling pit of self loathing. Cheeriness was the emotion he hadn’t quite mastered, no matter how many times he tried. “Isn’t it customary to send save the dates six months before a wedding?” Kylo asked curiously, “Especially a destination wedding lasting an entire goddamn weekend,” “Kylo. When have Finn and I ever played by the rules?” Poe asked cooly, and Kylo rolled his eyes. “So I have a month’s notice to get time of work, book a plane ticket to Ireland, and get a decent gift together for the two of you?” Kylo griped. “Don’t forget you also have to plan the bachelor party,” Poe quipped cheerily, and Kylo clenched his fists. “You’re joking, Dameron,” he cried out, “That’s the job of the best man, not-” “Did… not ask…?” Finn shouted from his spot in the driver’s seat, and Poe laughed easily like they were trading childhood stories over dinner. “Right, Kylo, I might have forgotten to mention, but you’re my best man,” Poe announced casually, “Which also means you need to come out for four days, instead of just the two listed on the card,” Kylo’s grip on the counter tightened, and he squeezed his eyes closed tightly. Out of every possible path his day could have taken, he did not expect it to end up this way. A part of him had spent the morning considering excuses to get out of going to the wedding in the first place, not like it should have been hard with a month’s notice for a weekend abroad. “Do I have no say in the matter?” Kylo asked helplessly. “Nope!” Poe cheered, “You already agreed six or seven years ago, remember? Back in college when I saved your poor ass after you participated in almost a dozen keg stands within two hours-” “Christ,” Kylo shook his head, “Yeah, fine, take my drunken ramblings as legitimate promises,” “I will,” Poe laughed, his smile audible through the phone. Kylo, of course, should have expected the trickery. Poe knew him too well, knew that Kylo would do just about anything to get out of this weekend. Now, he wasn’t even able to show up for the sole night of the wedding, he was expected to spend the entire long weekend by Poe’s side. “You’re a piece of shit fucking friend,” Kylo admitted sullenly. “Kylo, you’re overreacting. You could use a break, when was the last time you took a vacation?” Poe protested. “Being the best man at a poorly planned wedding is far from a vacation,” Kylo pointed out. “Poorly planned?” Poe quipped, “Who says we’re-” “I know you,” Kylo reminded him, “Finn is the only shot at a saving grace for this production you have, and I guarantee you’ve spent the majority of your time convincing him to ‘have fun now, and plan later’,” For the first time, Poe had no witty comeback. While Kylo could have assumed it was because he was correct in saying they had no real plans besides the date, something in him shifted. It was unlike Poe not to battle it out until Kylo resigned and took back his, usually correct, accusation. “Poe?” Kylo narrowed his eyes slowly. “I’m so happy you’re coming, Kylo! Especially for the whole-” Poe started, somewhat panicked. “Just tell me the bad news,” Kylo pinched the bridge of his nose, checking his watch briefly. He was expected back at the art gallery within the hour to help design the next exhibition, and if Poe kept beating around the bush there was no way he would make it. He had a way of drawing everything out until Kylo was too tired to care anymore. “It’s not bad news,” Poe spoke softly, “I just don’t know how you’ll-” “He’s coming, isn’t he?” Kylo blinked, the words dripping out of his mouth like venom. “Hux is going to be at your wedding,” After all this time, he still could barely get through saying Hux’s name without dry heaving. Five years later, and Poe still felt the need to coddle him over his ex-boyfriend. Roommate with benefits. Whatever they were. “He RSVP’ed yesterday,” Poe admitted softly, “Sent an e-mail in case his invitation didn’t arrive quickly,” “Of course,” Kylo breathed out, the twist in his heart all too familiar. “His invitation arrived this morning. Priority mail,” Poe continued, and Kylo wanted to scream for him to stop. It was one thing to mention Hux, it was another to hear that he was so obviously still the man Kylo knew all that time ago. Next, Poe would be discussing the color coded schedule Hux had drawn up for the weekend in the five minute break he had between meetings. The invitation sitting next to him shimmered under the sunlight of the kitchen window, like something out of a fairytale. Kylo wanted nothing more than to hang up the phone, rip up the invitation, and pretend that everything was completely and totally fine. “There’s something else,” Poe spoke up quietly, worry lacing his voice. Kylo didn’t answer, just stared straight ahead out into the city below. If he squinted, he could make out the building where he used to live with Hux. Taking a step forward, he yanked the dark curtain closed and tore his eyes away from the window. “Hux is our wedding planner,” Poe admitted, “So he’ll be there the whole time too, but it’s not-” Kylo tuned out the sound of Poe’s voice. On the other end, he was desperately explaining himself and the situation. It all happened so fast. He happened to be hanging out in a bar they visited after a long day of unsuccessfully planning the wedding. Hux offered to help out as retribution for missing their engagement party. “-had to see him again at some point, Kylo,” Poe finished, somewhat defensively, but mostly anxious. Kylo remembered every morning he woke up beside Hux, every kiss they shared, every laugh and smile and secret glance. After five years, those memories hadn’t blurred. Not in the slightest. After five years, he could still reach out in the middle of the night and expect his hand to land in a mess of red hair. “You’re right, it’s been five years,” Kylo replied, “I’ve been putting this off long enough,” Poe paused on the other end of the line, and Kylo noticed faintly that there was no longer the background noise of a car driving. Instead, it was completely silent. He wondered when they had stopped, whether or not Finn was listening to his voice that threatened to break with every breath, how he could possibly convince them that he wasn’t still a wreck. “I didn’t love him when we ended things, and I feel nothing for him now,” Kylo stated slowly, “It’s just four days with him. What could go wrong?” - The plane landed with a jerk, and Kylo gripped onto the armrest so tightly his hand hurt. The elderly woman sat beside him, Doris she said her name was, looked on curiously. Kylo kept his eyes focused out the window and at the rolling expanse of green. “Ladies and gentlemen,” a static ridden voice that Kylo recognized as the pilot announced suddenly, “Welcome to Shannon Airport,” Scattered applause littered the cabin, and Kylo almost groaned at the sound. More than anything, he just wanted to get out of his cramped seat and out into fresh air. From beside him, Doris stared daggers until Kylo finally lifted his hands to clap quietly. The woman, seemingly pleased, began to rise to move out into the aisle. Kylo let out a tentative sigh, and tugged on his hair as he waited for the rest of the passengers to collect their belongings and clear the walkway. After nearly ten minutes, he finally rose to snag his carry on from the overhead compartment. The half tattered bookbag was slung around his shoulders, and Kylo breathed a sigh of relief as he moved from the middle of the plane to the front. The stewardess with a smile so large it seemed painted on waved goodbye, and Kylo simply nodded sleepily as he stepped off the plane. The airport, unfortunately, was not much of a reliever of his anxiety. Kylo rubbed his eyes and carefully planned his steps so that he wouldn’t collide into the bustling crowd. People swirled around him, moving as quickly as humanly possible to either catch a flight or travel to baggage claim. His eyes scanned the signs from above, trying to piece together where exactly he was supposed to go. Flying wasn’t Kylo’s favorite activity, had he been able to drive across the ocean he most likely would have. The journey left him disoriented and on edge, and he somehow managed to navigate his way to baggage claim without screaming. Kylo desperately desired just a breath of fresh air, something that would soothe him after the nearly seven hour flight. However, the crowd surrounding him did not seem enthusiastic in giving him what he wanted. Instead, they stopped directly in front of him, cut him off, knocked into him, and left him more unhinged than before. By the time Kylo retrieved his bag, he was ready to curl up and fall asleep on the floor of the airport. It might have looked dirty, but he had certainly slept in worse. Before he could drop down and curl up with his heavy duffel back, he caught the eye of a familiar face from across the room. Upon seeing him, Rey’s face broke into a wide smile. She jumped up and down, waving her arm like he hadn’t noticed her already. Kylo waved back shyly, ignoring the eyes that landed on him. Rey weaved her way effortlessly through the pockets of people waiting for their bags, and launched herself to latch her arms around Kylo’s neck. “I’m so glad you’re here,” she cried out cheerily, “It’s so nice to see you,” “Rey,” Kylo smiled gently, patting her back, “I saw you last month,” “A month is too long,” Rey announced, tucking a fallen strand of hair behind her ear. She held out her hand expectantly, and Kylo confusedly went to take it. Rey snorted, smacking his hand away from her and instead grabbing the luggage resting on his forearm. Kylo furrowed his eyebrows, opening his mouth to protest before she waved him off. “You look about on the verge of death,” she taunted, “So how about we focus on getting you into the car? Then you can have your bag back,” “Exactly what I wanted,” Kylo whispered softly, some genuinity in his voice. Rey looked at him sympathetically, and Kylo just sighed. The weekend was likely to be filled with pitiful glances like that, even though Kylo had assured everyone for years that he was fine. More than fine, even. Thankfully, Rey said nothing more and simply led him through the baggage claim to where the car was idling outside. “Ren!” Finn waved excitedly from his spot in the passenger’s seat. Kylo waved back, only to realize that Finn was, in fact, behind the wheel. He looked to Rey in a panic, and she simply shrugged as she tossed his bag into the trunk. “Finn,” Kylo cleared his throat, “Driving again, I see,” “I hope you weren’t listening to Poe!” Finn shook his head with a smile, “I’m really a great driver, right, Rey?” Rey glanced between the two of them, a stoic look on her face. It could be hard to decipher her feelings at times, it was always where she and Kylo differed. He wore his heart on his sleeve for the most part, and worked his hardest to have a fraction of his emotions somewhat hidden. Rey didn’t even need to try. “We didn’t die on the way here,” Rey nodded, content with her answer. “See!” Finn threw his hands up, “Great driver,” Kylo blamed it on the jetlag, but when Rey hopped into the passenger seat and gestured to the back door, he climbed in without another word. The backpack resting on his shoulders was pulled off, and set on the seat next to him. “I’m tired,” Kylo announced, and Rey snickered from the front. “No shit,” she shook her head, “You look like a corpse,” “You two had better not bicker the entire time,” Finn warned, pulling out into the street. Kylo dug his fingers into the leather of the seat, “And watch your language, Rey! It’s a family event,” “Don’t worry,” Kylo yawned, “Once she starts downing champagne it’ll be all smiles, and her words will be so slurred you won’t be able to tell she’s cursing,” Rey spun around and flicked Kylo in the knee. He lazily kicked at her, but settled back into his seat after missing the first time. His head lolled to the side, and he let out a slow sigh. “Aw, Finn, look at our little baby all snuggled up in the back seat,” Rey cooed, wiggling a finger in Kylo’s direction. Kylo considered flipping her off, but settled instead to let his eyes fall shut. They had a forty five minute ride from the airport to Uncle Luke’s place, why not catch up on the sleep he couldn’t get during his overnight flight? From the front seat, he could hear Rey barking out driving directions to Finn. At nineteen, she was already more confident than Kylo could ever hope to be. He remembered how different she was when they first met, when she wanted nothing to do with anyone except Finn. Finn laughed back, keeping the car under surprising control. He had changed as well, from a kid that blamed the world for everything negative, to a man that found beauty in everything around him. Kylo made a mental note to include how proud he was of his friend in his best man’s speech before their words became muffled and he stopped listening altogether. When the car stopped moving, Kylo’s head dropped down. He groaned, and tried to find the position he had been in earlier. After a few minutes of sleepily shuffling and straining against the seatbelt, he felt a warm hand on his cheek. “Buddy? Kylo, hey, wake up,” a warbled voice beckoned, and Kylo lifted his head. His bleary eyes opened, and he looked around the dark interior of the car. From outside, the gray skies created a dreary setting that made him want to curl up once more and go back to bed. “There you go, come on, let’s get you inside,” Poe smiled from beside him, waiting in the open door of the car with arms outstretched. Kylo huffed, blindly reaching to undo his seatbelt. The bag from beside him had already been removed, and he looked around dazedly. Poe waited patiently, like he was helping a child, and Kylo finally managed to pull himself out of the car. “Rey?” he asked sleepily, and Poe just laughed as he pulled the man in for a hug. “Inside. Finn too,” Poe slung an arm around Kylo’s shoulder and led him down the driveway, “He managed to get you all back in one piece,” Kylo managed a little laugh, but quickly reverted back to nearly falling asleep on his feet. It had been a long time since he traveled this far out of his usual timezone, and he struggled to adapt to the feeling. It should still be the middle of the night, he reasoned, he should be asleep. They approached Luke’s property, and Kylo smiled gently. It had been years since he visited his Uncle’s Ireland home, since before Rey left for college, but it was just as beautiful as ever. The old castle-converted-home stood beautifully at the edge of a cliff overlooking the ocean, and Kylo could faintly make out the crashing of the waves from farther on. “How does a little nap sound?” Poe asked gently, and Kylo could only hum appreciatively in response. “Should I… you know,” Kylo started, waving his hands in some attempt to replace the words he couldn’t find. Should he say hello to everyone? Should he launch into celebration with his best friends over their rapid engagement? Should he find his Uncle Luke, reminisce about the last time he visited, lie through his teeth about the wellbeing of his parents’ mental health? Kylo wasn’t sure what the protocol was, but he felt a nap wasn’t the best first step to take. “Just get some rest,” Poe urged gently, “No one likes a grouchy Kylo, after all,” Kylo snickered, letting his head roll slightly to rest atop Poe’s. They’d been friends for nearly thirty years now, and even if they didn’t spend as much time together Kylo still felt more than comfortable around the other man. His eyes remained open just enough so that he could see where he was going, and it wasn’t long before Poe was dumping Kylo on a perfectly made bed covered almost completely in pillows. Kylo sank into the fluff, smiling dazedly as a heavy knit blanket was draped across his body. “Just an hour or two,” Poe warned, “I’ll send Rey in to wake you up if you’re late,” Kylo sighed at the threat, knowing the girl would most likely come bounding in with a bucket of water or blaring siren. He nodded sleepily, and could barely register Poe gently patting his head before he was fast asleep. There Kylo laid for nearly two hours, snoring loudly and drooling into the lacy pillows. He had never been the most elegant sleeper, which he predicted was the reason they had given him a room at the opposite end of the home from everyone else. When he finally stirred, the midday sun was nearly blinding. Kylo huffed, tugging the blanket up to cover his eyes in an attempt to go back to bed. After five or so minutes of tossing and turning, he gave up. Checking the clock, he realized he would be awake if he were back home. He only hoped the nap was enough to give him enough energy to make it through the rest of the day. Kylo pulled himself from the bed, shivering slightly as his skin was exposed to the cool air. He looked longingly towards the nest of pillows and blankets, but resigned to doing his job as Poe’s best man and socializing with the rest of the wedding party. His hair was curly from having pulled it back into a bun for the majority of his flight, falling in sharp waves along his neck and to his shoulders. The red of his eyes from sleep had not yet worn away, and his cheeks were stained a bright pink from overheating while he napped. Kylo stretched his arms behind his back as he moved to the door, not bothering to redo his button up shirt past his mid-chest, where it had somehow come undone to. The sleeves were rolled up to just below his elbows, and he ran a finger along the red indents left on his arms from it. From the kitchen, he heard the sound of voices. Still too tired to make out the words, he was nearly positive he heard Finn’s bright laughter and decided to follow the noise. The closer he got, the more heightened the buzz of the room was. Kylo padded into the room quietly, his bare feet sticking slightly to the tile. They were crowded around the dining hall table, but Kylo could clearly see Rey perched in a seat through the archway separating the rooms. She hadn’t noticed him yet, too entranced in whatever conversation was happening. Kylo snagged a beer from the fridge, figuring that day drinking was acceptable when abroad for a wedding, and shuffled out of the kitchen towards the rest. “-just love the colors, I really think it’ll go so well with Poe’s eyes, y’know?” Finn beamed, and Kylo yawned as he leaned against the wall looking in. “What shade of purple we talking, Finn?” Kylo teased lightly, and all at once the chatter stopped. Kylo opened his mouth to apologize and explain it was just a joke, until he realized why they were looking at him so fearfully. Sitting at the end of the table, almost tucked away behind Poe and Finn, was Hux. His eyes were cast down at a thick white binder, and Kylo noticed the planning materials spread out along the table. As expected, he was dressed to the nines in a dark blue suit. His hair was longer than Kylo had ever seen it, but combed back so that it didn’t fall in his face. Kylo could have laughed at the beard adorning his face, something he never would have expected from the other man. It was like seeing a ghost. No amount of mental preparation, of chanting into the mirror that he was going to be fine, of promising himself that every old feeling had flickered out years ago could take away the feeling of being punched in the guy. Kylo forgot how to breathe. The silence was tense, awkward even, and Kylo waited for Hux to just look at him. He didn’t. His eyes were kept on the phone in his hands, fingers tapping at an impossible speed against the glass. Kylo, on the other hand, couldn’t pull his eyes away. “What a shame,” Rey spoke up, voice jarring, “I was really looking forward to waking you up,” Kylo licked his lips, restraining himself from drinking the rest of his beer in one go in some attempt to calm his nerves. He knew how that would look. He knew what they were all expecting from him, how they were watching and waiting for him to crack. Instead, Kylo broke out into a wide grin and slid into the seat beside Rey, reaching over to mess with her hair. She swatted his hand away, flipping him off as soon as he pulled away. Rey looked at him, concern obvious in her gaze, and he nodded slightly as some sign that he was fine. “What route were you considering?” Kylo inquired curiously. “My clarinet from middle school is tucked away somewhere,” Rey beamed, “I was going to wake you with a beautiful concert,” “Dick move. Thankfully you’ll have plenty of opportunities the next few days,” Kylo promised her, raising the beer to his lips. The tension surrounding him had seemingly deflated, but Kylo noticed the way Poe and Finn watched him. Their eyes flickered from Kylo to Hux, like they were expecting one of them to crack at any moment. Kylo resolved that he wouldn’t give them the satisfaction. “Day drinking already,” Rey snorted, “You just woke up,” “The last time I day drank,” Kylo reminded her pensively, “Was when you challenged me to seven rounds of flip cup, then ended up pu-” Rey laughed loudly, head tilting back at the memory. Poe snickered as well, having been just sober enough at that point to pull out his phone and take pictures of he and Kylo squished together with Rey vomiting into the grass behind them. “Seven rounds really is a pathetic point to wimp out on,” Finn noted sympathetically. Kylo glanced in his direction, nodding in agreement, and tried to ignore the man sitting next to him. Hux had remained quiet the entire time, tapping away at his phone while Poe and Finn flipped through the binder dreamily. All at once, Hux locked his phone and set it on the table, sitting up straighter and clearing his throat. Kylo looked back to Rey, hoping desperately that his already tinted cheeks would not grow redder throughout the interaction. “Right,” Hux leaned forward, “Sorry about that, the office is utterly unable to function without me there cleaning up the mess,” The sound of his voice winded Kylo. He wanted to roll his eyes at the pretentiousness, if only to convince himself that his heart didn’t flutter at the sound. Suddenly, every word that he had tried so hard to push from his mind came back in Hux’s lilted voice. Kylo kept his eyes focused securely on the dark bottle in his hands. It could only get easier, he promised himself, this initial meeting was going to be the worst of it. They were adults now, real adults with jobs and homes and responsibilities. Not kids drunkenly fighting over insignificant details in their sad excuse of an apartment, claiming to love each other because they slept together regularly. Kylo was going to prove that he had grown up, that he could make it through four days of brief interactions with a man he hadn’t seen in five years. It wasn’t to rub it in Hux’s face, he promised himself, to show him how wrong he had been about Kylo remaining petty and childish until the day he died. No, this was about being the perfect best man for his best friend, and enjoying a wedding in one of his favorite places in the world. Kylo took a heavy swig of the beer and vowed to himself that this was the low point. It would be all uphill from here. Around him, the conversation had picked up once more about floral arrangements and what time the caterer would arrive the day of the wedding. Kylo tapped his fingers daintily against the glass of the bottle until Rey reached out to pinch his arm. “This is boring,” she mouthed, and Kylo snorted. Three sets of eyes from across the table fell upon him, but Kylo just pretended to cough into his elbow. Rey hid her laughter in her hand and kicked him under the table. “Dear god,” Finn sighed, “We picked the worst bridal party we could have, didn’t we?” Rey feigned surprise, a hand resting on her chest as her jaw dropped. Kylo hid his face in his hands, chest shaking with laughter. Sleep deprivation had a way of making him laugh at almost anything, and this was apparently no exception. “We have planning of our own to do,” Rey shot back, “Very important party planning that’s going to blow your wedding out of the fucking water. Kylo and I have at least thirty two strippers to call back, so if you would excuse us-” Kylo lost it at that, trembling as he broke into a fit of laughter. Rey looked pleased with herself, patting him on the back and shaking her head in Finn’s direction. “Look what you’ve done,” she accused, “Made him cry! You know how emotional he can be. Our poor, sensitive artist,” Kylo wasn’t sure if it was the overwhelming anxiety that had been building up until that moment, or the utter anticlimactic moment of finally seeing Hux, but he could barely catch his breath from laughing. Rey popped out of her chair, dragging Kylo from his as she flipped the rest off. “I’m sorry,” Kylo apologized through bursts of laughter, “I haven’t slept in about four days so I’m-” Kylo’s head tilted back with laughter again, and Rey easily leapt onto his back. She hooked her legs around his waist, yanking his hair as she attempted to direct him out of the room. “It’s like Ratatouille,” Kylo wheezed, staggering forward into the kitchen. He turned back to wave goodbye to the room, blowing a kiss to Poe as Rey continued to yank on his hair. In the last second before he walked off, Hux finally looked at him. Their eyes met for only a second or two, both glancing away as quickly as possible. But Kylo felt the familiar leap in his chest, and his booming laughter cut away to reveal a hitch in his breath. Moving as quickly as possible, Kylo carried Rey on his back to the living room. Dumping her on the couch, he collapsed into the cushions and struggled to regulate his breathing. Rey had already launched into a description of her perfect bachelor party, pulling up photos on her phone to shove in Kylo’s face. He played along, laughing when the moment called for it and offering up a few ideas of his own. However, Kylo’s focus was far from his duties as a best man. Instead, he ran through the color of Hux’s eyes, how his hair shone in the midday sun, the ever present flush of his cheeks, how much he had changed yet stayed the same. Perhaps, he realized, this wasn’t going to be as easy as he thought. Chapter 3 : Darkness Falling Notes: thank u all for the comments I love getting feedback, if you wanna follow my twitter it's @bennaberrie and my tumblr is @armisticehux Kylo stood, the bottle of his beer pressed firmly to his lips, leaning carefully against the living room wall. Since he had woken from his nap, the house began to accumulate more and more people in the wedding party. First, Phasma came bounding through the doors with two massive St. Bernard puppies. She claimed she couldn’t bear to leave them at home, but Finn and Poe didn’t seem to mind. Then, Luke descended the stairs and swept dramatically into the kitchen. Kylo wondered how it was possible for such a kind and jovial man to look so mysterious. The house filled quickly after that, with family and friends filling every available space in the soon crowded living area. No matter where Kylo turned, there was someone new to greet. By the evening, they milled all around him, catching up excitedly and sharing nostalgic stories with some of the younger guests. It was loud, despite no more than a dozen guests having arrived so early, and Kylo found that he needed a break after a mere hour of the dinner party. He let his eyes land on Leia, who was encircled by Rey and Finn eagerly listening to one of her famous Senate stories. Her hands waved wildly, and Kylo unknowingly smiled softly to himself at the predictable dramatic gesticulation. Rey and Finn were entranced, practically keeling over from laughter, and in their distraction Kylo saw the sadness in his mother’s eyes. She looked towards the door, as if expecting someone to march through, and Kylo clenched his fists. Han hadn’t come with her. The last Kylo heard, they were working things out. Yet again, it hadn’t been much more than two months earlier that Han had moved out “for good this time,” Leia promised him. It seemed the scale had shifted once more since they last spoke, as it always did. Before Kylo could march over and tell his mother to stop being so hung up on a man that probably wasn’t thinking twice about her, or any of them for that matter, he heard the soft thud of another body resting against the wall a few feet down. Kylo expected Poe, coming over to talk him into resuming his mingling and stop getting so hung up on Han, to enjoy the party. Poe had never understood the tension, had only seen the charismatic side of Kylo’s father that everyone adored. He sighed, standing up slightly and preparing himself for a lecture before his head turned to the right. The last thing he expected was Hux, sipping greedily on his wine pressed up against the wall beside him. Kylo swallowed thickly, turning back to face the crowd that hadn’t changed much since his last glance. Poe was spotted across the way, strumming at a guitar while Finn watched on dreamily. “Christ,” Kylo muttered under his breath. Poe had been infamous throughout their lives for his dramatic renditions of Latin love songs, and they had only gotten worse since he fell for Finn. From beside him, he heard a slight chuckle. It cut off quickly, as if surprised to have come in the first place. Kylo’s grip on his beer tightened slightly, like he was desperate for something to hold onto. For a moment, neither one of them spoke. The gentle sound of Poe’s guitar filled the room, accompanied by his soft voice. Acoustic music had never really been Kylo’s favorite, he appreciated a heavy bass that he could feel in his chest. And Hux. Kylo remembered Hux rarely listened to anything besides classical music, the boring stuff. But, if you got him just drunk enough, and if he trusted you, Hux could burst into a perfect rendition of almost any bubblegum pop song playing through the radio. Kylo felt an ache in his chest at the thought of never hearing it again. “Poe,” Kylo called out suddenly, “Didn’t you say you wanted to play that Meatloaf song first,” Poe lit up, pointing to him excitedly. The mood changed almost immediately as he launched into a rendition of one of his favorite classic rock songs, with the rest of the room excitedly singing along. Kylo let out a sigh of relief, unsure how he would have been able to stay awake in the previous setting. “Nice work,” the lilted voice from beside him came suddenly, and Kylo’s heart dropped in his chest. Internally, he ran over every possible thing that he could say. He had been thinking about this interaction for five years, trying to decide on the perfect way to talk to Hux. It had to seem like he was completely unaffected, like Hux was any other person in the room. “Thank,” Kylo nodded curtly, and alarms went off in his head. Kylo dared let himself look at Hux, expecting to see that familiar expression of triumph on the other man’s face. However, he was as stoic as ever, staring straight ahead at Poe and Finn. Kylo hoped the word hadn’t sounded as choked as it felt, and that Hux wasn’t paying close enough attention to hear his mistake. The next few minutes passed slowly, with Kylo waiting on edge for another word from Hux. This time, he promised himself, he would be ready. He would redeem himself through casual conversation at his best friend’s wedding, and prove to everyone that he wasn’t still hung up on the red headed man beside him. “Before we start this next one,” Poe cheered happily, “I just wanted to thank Phasma for the guitar. No matter what Rey says, it’s a very useful engagement gift,” Rey launched into a speech of defense, and Phasma stared at her accusatorily. Poe took off into more classic rock without further introduction, and Kylo pinched the bridge of his nose as he tried to calculate the exact amount of time before his flight home. “Leave it to Phasma,” Hux said under his breath, more to himself than to Kylo. “I’ll bet you anything the actual wedding gift is something louder,” Kylo offered, eliciting a slight smile from the other man. “I wouldn’t put it past her,” he retorted, eyes still straight ahead. Kylo wondered if Hux had looked at him more than once since he first arrived. It seemed like he was going out of his way to avoid it even, like looking at Kylo was the last thing he wanted. Kylo, on the other hand, couldn’t pull his eyes away. No matter how hard he tried, he found his gaze constantly flickering towards Hux. Over and over again, he caught himself staring without meaning to. It wasn’t intentional, Hux just had something magnetic about him. Kylo blamed the hair. “Aren’t you supposed to give microwaves for weddings?” Kylo hummed. “You’re talking about the woman that showed up with two puppies she adopted on the way to the airport,” Hux pointed out, “When has she ever been conventional,” “I suppose you’re right,” Kylo skipped a beat, “As always,” Hux snickered at that, shaking his head while he tapped against his wine glass. Kylo’s tone had been venomless, but he wondered if the words read that way. It was too difficult to tell with Hux, he had a habit of hiding his feelings around those he didn’t trust. Kylo felt winded for a moment. For those he didn’t trust. There was a time when he trusted Kylo more than anyone in the world, shared every emotion he had with him, held nothing back. And now, here they were. Pretending like everything was normal and fine. It was fine, Kylo reminded himself. Perhaps, not normal. But this was fine. He had been fine for years, this weekend wasn’t about to break down those carefully built walls he had spent sleepless nights and lonely afternoons cultivating. “So, wedding planner, huh?” Kylo cleared his throat slightly, “How has that been?” Hux didn’t answer him at first, just stared into his glass of wine pensively. Kylo reworked the conversation through his head, trying to determine how his Hux would be feeling at this point. The man in front of him, however, was too difficult to read. “You hate small talk,” Hux answered finally, voice flat. I don’t hate you, Kylo wanted to say, and the words sat at the tip of his tongue. He was afraid to open his mouth, as if they might come tumbling out without his permission. Instead, he swallowed past the lump in his throat and took another sip of his drink. “And you used to hate cats,” Kylo quipped, “Funny how five years can change people,” Kylo kept his eyes straight ahead, but from his peripheral vision he noticed Hux’s head snap over in his direction. More than anything, he wanted to see the look on his face. Instead, he held his resolve and watched the way Poe’s fingers moved along the guitar strings. “Apparently so,” Hux maintained, “I had never taken you for a stalker,” Kylo snorted, rolling his eyes as he finished off the last of his drink. The pit in his stomach had grown tighter, and he felt the familiar heat rush to his face. He hated himself for letting Hux get to him so easily, in a way that no one else was quite able to do. “Don’t flatter yourself,” Kylo replied hotly. “Oh don’t worry,” Hux smiled sarcastically, “You’re less than flattering,” “I just didn’t want you to get confused,” Kylo shot out through gritted teeth, “I can’t imagine you experience flattery very often,” “Keep trying,” Hux hummed, “You’ll land one soon enough,” Kylo huffed, doing his best not to explode. It was even harder seeing how completely unaffected Hux was, how he could shoot back a cutting retort with almost no effort at all. Hux seemed pleased enough with himself, sipping the last of his wine until the glass was empty. Glancing between them, he noticed the bottle in Kylo’s hands that was being gripped just a little too tightly. “Can I get you another drink?” Hux asked pleasantly, and Kylo could feel the cockiness in his voice, “I’m headed to the kitchen anyways,” “That would be wonderful,” Kylo grimaced, “I’ll need another beer if I’m going to survive interacting with you,” Hux laughed bitterly, reaching out to take the bottle from Kylo. Their hands brushed, if only for a second, and Kylo’s memory was flooded with the feeling of Hux’s fingertips trailing along his body. It sent a shock to his heart, and he shoved his hands into the pockets of his jeans as quickly as he could. “Acting out for attention,” Hux clicked his tongue, “Perhaps you haven’t changed at all, Kylo,” “Your attention is hardly something I’d go out of my way to gain,” Kylo shot back, though his voice faltered slightly. Hux didn’t seem to notice. He walked away, his wine glass in one hand and Kylo’s beer bottle in the other. As he weaved through the crowd, he smiled to those he passed. It was fake. Kylo could tell. There was no crinkling at the side of his eyes, no slight tilt of his mouth towards the left. That was how he could tell Hux was truly smiling, not faking it to keep up with appearances. Kylo stared across the packed room at the man who so effortlessly walked out of his life five years prior. They might have been stuck at the same wedding for a weekend, but that didn’t require interaction. He had no reason to feel anything but bitterness and resentment towards him. And yet. When Hux returned, he handed Kylo a brand of beer he hated. There was something in his look, like he was waiting for Kylo to explode. It reminded him of years before, when they would piss each other off for the fun of it. “Thank you,” Kylo spoke quietly, raising the bottle to his lips. It tasted awful, just like it always had, but he didn’t make a fuss. Hux, no matter how he tried, wasn’t going to revert Kylo to the insecure, angry mess he had been five years prior. He had grown since then, had become a real adult and not the child-playing-pretend he used to be. Maybe Hux hadn’t changed afterall. Maybe, he was still the cunning and conniving man that had always tried his best to get under Kylo’s skin because he couldn’t handle his own feelings. What they had, Kylo romanticized. But this weekend, he thought, this weekend would be the perfect opportunity to close the door between them once and for all. To stop Kylo from wondering whether or not it was a mistake to just let Hux walk out of his life. “Kylo,” Hux murmured, and Kylo felt his heart nearly beat out of his chest at that voice whispering his name, “I was just teasing,” Kylo turned to him, saw the beer he preferred being held out in his direction. Hux shrugged shyly, seemingly insecure for a beat before his normally emotionless expression returned. Kylo took the bottle from him gently, and Hux hurriedly snagged the bad beer and set it on a nearby end table. “I’ll throw it away later,” Hux assured him with a wave of his hand, “That or Phasma will drift by and down the whole thing in one go,” Hux laughed awkwardly, and quickly cut himself off at the sound of it. For the first time, Kylo realized that Hux migt have been just as on edge about their reunion as he was. It didn’t make him feel better, but it did twist something in his chest. “Right,” Kylo nodded slowly, “Thanks,” Neither one of them spoke again, just sipped their drinks in silence leaning against the wall. The distance between them remained the same, even after Hux came back from the kitchen. They were just far enough apart that if they reached out to touch one another, there would still be an inch or so of space between them. After some time, Kylo was yanked into a dance circle with Rey, who had drank her weight in wine up until that point. He laughed loudly at her horrible, untimely version of the macarena, remembering when she was a child and he tried to teach her the moves at home. “Rey,” he laughed, “No, hands on your head, then waist,” Rey didn’t listen, simply twirled around the room while throwing herself into advanced ballet moves. Leave it to her, he thought, to be classically trained in the art of dance, yet not be able to perfect one of the simplest line dances of all time. Kylo’s barking laughter rang out, hardly audible over the thudding music. He turned to follow Rey’s movements, but instead found himself staring straight into Hux’s eyes. The man was still leaning against the wall, with Phasma talking excitedly beside him. Hux didn’t look away for a few seconds, just watched Kylo with something he couldn’t quite make out. All at once, the crowd became more dense between them, filled with a drunken wedding party doing the conga line around the living room. When the smoke cleared, and the path between them was empty once again, Hux had turned away completely. Kylo stared after him a moment longer, wondering if Hux’s heart was threatening to beat out of his chest as well. Hux didn’t glance in his direction for the rest of the night. Kylo wondered if he was really looking at him in the first place. - The clock read half past six, barely visible through the darkness. Kylo stared at it, watching the thin red line tick around the circle, counting the seconds. He had been awake for almost twenty minutes, lying in complete darkness in some attempt to lull himself back to sleep. Kylo counted back in his head. It would be almost two in the morning back home, a time that he was usually active during. In reality, there were few points in the day where he wasn’t active. Sleeping was difficult, and he had next to no time during the day. So, Kylo spent the majority of his nights on his art. Currently, he had slept for about five hours. That was more than enough to keep him functioning for a typical day, but this was his vacation after all. He deserved more rest, he bargained with himself. Ten minutes later, sleep had still not come. Kylo let out an aggravated huff, throwing the heavy quilt off of his body and deciding to get moving. It would be nice to have some time to himself before the house exploded with activity again. Kylo padded down the hallway, toothbrush in hand, to complete his morning routine. His hair was yanked back in a bun, a few pieces falling down to frame his face. Kylo sighed, ignored the bags under his eyes, and continued to get ready for the day without looking again into the mirror. The house was quiet, and Kylo was quickly thankful that he had been given the bedroom on the first floor as opposed to one of the others in an upper part of the house. It made him feel less self conscious about moving around, though he still kept his footsteps as soft as possible. From the kitchen, he heard quiet clinking and aggravated muttering. It seemed he was not the first out of bed, despite it still being a few minutes before seven. Kylo followed the noise, expecting to see his Uncle Luke fussing with the pots and pans. When he was younger, every time he came to visit there was always a spread waiting out for him when he awoke in the morning. Luke claimed, without fail, that a fairy must have come overnight and prepared them breakfast. “This is a castle,” he would remind Kylo, “Magic is all about,” Kylo, as he grew, was less and less intrigued by the magical aspect, and more interested in the food before him. However, the tradition never ceased, and even became more intense when an eleven year old Rey was adopted into the family. He stood in the doorway of the kitchen, opening his mouth to say a good-morning to his Uncle, when he caught a glimpse of red hair. Kylo’s first instinct was to pull away, run back to his room quietly and pretend he was still asleep. Yet, as he watched Hux curse at the egg shells littering the bowl before him, he couldn’t bring himself to leave. Hux was illuminated by the gentle light of dawn, soft around the edges like a smudged painting. The pajamas he wore looked a size or two too big, and he continuously pulled up the sleeves of his sweater so they would stop getting in the way. It was rare to see him so vulnerable, rare even when Kylo lived with the man. He knew he should have spoken up sooner, but Kylo clung to every last second he had with this blurry version of Hux. Finally, he took a timid step forward. “G’Morning,” Kylo greeted quietly. Hux jumped, an egg in his hand going flying and landing with a splat on the floor. He raised a hand to his heart, clutching the counter as he attempted to regain composure. Kylo smirked as he leaned his head against the wall. “It was great, until now,” Hux mumbled, clearing his throat abruptly. Kylo looked around the kitchen, nearly bursting into laughter over the sight. It looked like something out of a bad advert, with pots and pans spread out nearly everywhere, food splattered on every available surface. “Perfect,” Hux muttered, “Now I have to clean this egg up-” “I don’t think one egg made a very big difference in this mess,” Kylo interjected. Hux shot him a warning look, and Kylo surrendered with the raising of his hands. He stepped forward, and before Hux could scold him further he was kneeling beside the cracked egg and cleaning it up with a few paper towels. “Clean it properly if you’re going to do it at all,” Hux grumbled, “One of Phasma’s dogs might get salmonella from licking the floor,” “I just think you enjoy seeing me down on my knees,” Kylo quipped, snagging soap and a wet sponge from the counter. Hux sputtered slightly, but said nothing more on the subject. Kylo looked up once he was done, and noticed the pink that tinged Hux’s cheeks. It was strange to see him like this, Kylo thought. The night before he had been so collected and calculating, completely in charge. Yet here stood a completely different side of him, a side that Kylo had always prided himself on knowing better than anyone else. “I see you’re still not a morning person, no matter how hard you try,” Kylo commented lightly, “And that you’ve picked up no further skill in the kitchen,” Hux didn’t look amused. He just grimaced at the cook book before him, head tilted down like it might hide the reddening of his face. His arms were crossed over his chest, with his fingers tapping rapidly against his arm. “Stop pretending that you know me,” Hux demanded bitterly, “You’re not proving anything more than your foolishness,” “Well, that is my plan. If I come off at least half as foolish as you are bitchy, this whole thing will be a success,” Kylo admitted, shaking his head, “It’s a tall order, but someone’s got to fill it,” Hux glared at him for a moment before turning back to his eggs, trying unsuccessfully to scoop the shells from the bowl with a spoon. Behind him, a batch of toast popped up from the toaster and he jumped slightly at the sound. “I was hoping to have a relaxing, peaceful morning, but of course you had to crawl from your cave and ruin it,” Hux noted, “Do you have nothing better to do but come into the kitchen and bother me? Why are you not in bed?” Kylo noticed how tense Hux was, and wondered how much he was to blame. It seemed, moreso, that Hux was upset at his utter lack of culinary skills. Kylo reminded himself that he likely had no effect on the other man, no matter how much he wanted to. “Can’t sleep,” Kylo shrugged, rinsing the sponge under the faucet. He could feel Hux’s eyes on him, but he kept his head ducked down. When his eyes finally met Hux’s, he could have sworn concern laced his gaze. It was almost a question, can you still not sleep at night unless there is someone beside you?, but Hux said nothing aloud. As quickly as he looked up, he looked away. Hux’s eyes went back to the whisking of the eggs, impatiently stabbing at the yolks. Still, they didn’t seem to mix as well as he wanted. Hux gripped the counter in exasperation. Kylo licked his lips, watching Hux pensively. Finally, he stepped forward towards the other man. Kylo reached out to take the bowl from him, and Hux’s head snapped up angrily. He opened his mouth but paused, like he was trying to find the right words to berate the other with. “Here,” Kylo moved the whisk quickly, “Like this, see?” Hux’s eyebrows were furrowed, his lips pursed in a thin line as he watched on. Kylo held the bowl back to him, and Hux gingerly took it into his own hands. Suspiciously, he followed Kylo’s direction. Within a moment, he was content in the mixing. Kylo smiled softly, nodding approvingly as Hux moved to the stove. There was still so much going on, and Kylo looked around in astonishment. Hux was always able to handle multitasking to the extreme, but this seemed over the top. He moved to the edge of the kitchen, grabbing a faded white apron off of the hook beside the door and letting it fall over his t-shirt. Hux looked at him through narrowed eyes, and Kylo went on tying the apron behind his back. “What do you think you’re doing?” Hux hissed. “Saving your ass,” Kylo answered simply. “Excuse me?” Hux tilted his head, “You’re saving nothing. I am doing just fine here, and if you think that jumping onto this will somehow make you look good in front of-” “You can have all of the credit,” Kylo interrupted, shrugging his shoulders and moving to butter the toast. “Oh, yeah,” Hux scoffed, “Because I’m such a credit whore, right? You think that the credit is all that matters to me? I knew you hadn’t changed a bit, I knew you would be the same pretentious, self proclaimed angel, pretend pariah that wants nothing more than to piss me off-” “Armitage,” Kylo sighed softly, “Would you please let me help you?” Hux stopped short at that, staring at Kylo from where he stood. In retrospect, Kylo thought, perhaps he shouldn’t have challenged Hux when he was wielding one of the biggest knives he had ever seen. Hux didn’t answer at first, he just watched Kylo suspiciously. The only noise in the room was the dripping of the faucet, and the eggs frying in their pan. After thirty or so seconds, Kylo sighed and stepped towards the stove. Raising the knife slightly, Hux seemed to snap out of his deerlike expression and back into something more deadly. Kylo merely used a spatula to stir the eggs in the pan so that they wouldn’t burn, before moving back to butter the toast. “It’s just breakfast,” Kylo pointed out, “And I’ve nothing better to do,” The silence was tense, like Hux was just waiting for Kylo to turn around and destroy everything he had accomplished already. Not like that was much, Kylo thought, and the kitchen was not likely to get much messier than its current state. “I’m not trying to sabotage you,” Kylo teased, “Promise,” Hux resigned finally, turning back to the stove. He mimicked Kylo’s actions in stirring the eggs, watching them as if his life depended on it. Kylo just rolled his eyes, noting that Hux’s lack of expertise in the kitchen certainly hadn’t changed. They worked without speaking, Kylo finishing the toast and pancakes while Hux painstakingly stirred the eggs. It was enough food to feed the half dozen or so people staying in the house, and Kylo certainly hoped he wouldn’t be stuck on lunch duty when the rest came from their hotels. At some point, Kylo had begun to hum out some tune that was stuck in his head. It was typical for him to do while he was working, it always had been. Hux had always complained about the noise he made while he painted, despite Kylo never realizing he was humming in the first place. Snapping out of his pancake trance, Kylo caught himself singing softly under his breath. He turned bright red, trying to trace back the moment he had begun. When he glanced up to see if Hux was staring daggers at him, he met the other man’s eyes. The way he looked at him had Kylo’s breath catching in his throat. Hux stared unabashedly at Kylo with wide, glassy eyes. It wasn’t angry or irritated, and Kylo could have sworn the expression resembled something of heartbreak. “You still sing,” Hux breathed, “When you’re trying to focus,” “It’s usually just humming,” Kylo apologized quickly, “Sorry, I never seem to realize I’m doing it,” “I know,” Hux reminded him. All at once Kylo couldn’t handle it anymore. There they were, dancing around each other in the kitchen of his childhood summer-home, shooting secret glances from across the room when they thought the other was looking, trying to pretend that everything was fine and normal. It wasn’t fine. Kylo wasn’t fine. It was supposed to be him getting married in the rolling hills of Ireland beneath the spring sunset, surrounded by friends and family that couldn’t stop talking about how beautiful his love was. It was supposed to be Hux beside him. Kylo spent the last five years convincing himself he felt nothing for Hux, that he never had in the first place, that their breakup didn’t turn his life upside down and change him completely. But that wasn’t true. Nothing he told Hux that night was true, it was just Kylo trying to build himself up in an attempt to hurt Hux the way he hurt him. He should have run after Hux. He should have chased him down the apartment building hall, picked him up, begged him to stay, told him how much he loved him. He shouldn’t have cared what his neighbors thought, he should have screamed at the top of his lungs how in love he was, how he didn’t think it was possible to survive without Hux in his life. Kylo wished he was honest with Hux. Kylo wished he hadn’t let his pride get the best of him, the best of both of them. He wished he had been able to make Hux love him again. He wished it was the two of them with rings on their fingers. Instead, they stared at each other with so much fear it was almost tangible. They slept in different beds on different floors. They choreographed their movements to avoid one another. They tried to hurt each other through pointed comments and dirty looks. They pretended that everything was normal and fine. Kylo wanted to step forward and pull Hux into his arms, to whisper to him every feeling he had denied himself since he left. Hux looked like he wanted to run. “Stop looking at me like that,” Hux demanded, no heat in his voice. “Like what?” Kylo asked, refusing to pull his eyes away. Hux turned away, jabbing at the eggs in the pan with his spatula. Kylo continued to watch him, every thought racing through his head threatening to spill from his lips. He had held it in for so long, but no longer. “Hux,” Kylo whispered, stepping forward. “I’m so glad I decided to come,” Hux announced suddenly, “I think this weekend is going to be a great opportunity in developing our friendship,” Kylo’s eyes widened slightly, slinking back. Hux was still turned away from him, pouring the eggs from the frying pan into a bowl. He floated around the kitchen, like something new had come over him. Kylo watched on confusedly. “Five years is a while to be apart,” Hux continued, “But it gave us time to get over any lingering feelings we might have had for one another,” Kylo felt an arrow rip through his chest, and reached out to hold onto the counter. His legs threatened to give out at any moment. Hux continued working around the kitchen like nothing had happened, and Kylo blinked back the tears that threatened his eyes. “Not that those feelings were much else besides the crazy libido of twenty year olds, right?” Hux laughed easily, like he wasn’t snapping Kylo’s heart with every word. Kylo’s hands shook, and he clenched his fists as tightly as possible. From upstairs, he heard the first signs of the others stirring for the morning. Even from a flight down, he could hear Finn’s unmistakable laughter. “After all, we were just awful to each other,” Hux remarked with a shake of his head, “Just a couple of kids clinging to something that so obviously wasn’t even there,” All this time, Kylo had told himself the same thing. But there was a difference in trying to convince himself that it was how Hux felt versus hearing the words directly from his mouth. Kylo’s bottom lip wobbled slightly, and he bit it until he tasted blood. “I’m so glad you agree,” Kylo spoke up finally, voice somehow level, “I can’t believe we were so stupid,” Hux laughed in agreement before announcing he would handle setting the table. Kylo moved towards the fridge, pulling out the necessary things for the table, and set them in a line on the counter. Maybe he was lying, Kylo considered desperately. But when he met Hux’s eyes as he entered the dining room and was met with a wide smile, eye crinkle and all, Kylo realized he had been holding onto a dream that was even more unrealistic than he previously thought. Chapter 4 : Nowhere to Go Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The waves crashed against the rocky shore, reaching with all of their might for Kylo. He sat just out of reach, staring at the horizon in an attempt to distinguish the ocean from the gray skies. From above, birds called out to one another as they swirled among the clouds. He was fine, he told himself, it was okay to need a break after an entire day of interacting with a large group. A boat rocked on the water, sail billowing against the wind. Kylo wished he was aboard. From behind him, footsteps approached slowly. “You know,” Rey sighed, throwing herself onto the ground beside him, “Artists don’t have to be so overly dramatic in every single day of their lives. Especially while on vacation,” Kylo offered a small smile, but his eyes remained on the water. If he focused hard enough, he could pinpoint the moment a wave was born, and watch until it died out. Rey reached out to touch his shoulder lightly, worry in her eyes. The entire house waking up to Hux and Kylo working alongside each other in the kitchen had certainly been a surprise, though no one said anything aloud. Rey seemed to be watching him more closely than usual, like he might fall apart at any moment. “How long has it been,” Kylo murmured quietly, fingers trailing through the sand. “Almost a half hour,” Rey whispered, “Your mother sent me over,” Kylo snorted, shaking his head as he drew a sip from his drink. Glancing over his shoulder, he caught the eye of his mother. She was leaning against Luke, watching him like she was waiting for him to dive into the ocean and disappear. He considered it. Rey patted his back sympathetically, and Kylo pulled himself from the ground. The interaction was certainly overwhelming, but he had taken enough time away from the party. Thankfully, the amount of people hadn’t grown by more than two or three since the night before. The rest of the guests would most likely be arriving Sunday, the day of the actual wedding. That meant Kylo had one more day to prepare himself, though he wasn’t sure how much more he could do. “Kylo,” Leia grinned as he approached, “How are you doing, hun?” Kylo smiled politely, placing a kiss on top of his mother’s head. Of course, he would much rather be alone somewhere, but he decided that this wasn’t so bad. It was rare for him to get to spend time with his mother, their interactions being restricted to hurried lunches when she visited the city, which wasn’t often. “I’m doing fine, Mother,” Kylo assured her gently. Leia looked at him, the disbelief in her eyes obvious. Kylo squeezed her shoulder before he settled in to the small group, preferring to melt into the background rather than command the conversation. Leia seemed pleased he was there at all. The group of older adults exchanged their stories, doing their best to impress Kylo with their grandeur. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he realized they tip-toed around the name of his father. Kylo kept his mouth shut for the most part, laughing when it was expected and counting up and down from one hundred in his head to pass the time. “Ben Solo!” a loud voice cried out from across the beach, and Kylo flinched only slightly at the name. “Ms. Kanata,” Kylo did his best to sound excited, “How are you, ma’am?” The elderly woman hobbled across the beach, swatting away Finn as he anxiously trailed behind her. Even in her old age, she was intent on doing things by herself. Kylo smiled sympathetically in Finn’s direction, holding his hand out for Maz Kanata to take as she joined the rest. “Now, Maz,” Leia touched her shoulder gently, “Benny changed his name to Kylo, remember? A pseudonym of sorts for his art-” “Well if it’s a pseudonym,” Maz crossed her arms, “Why isn’t he referred to as Ben by friends and family?” Kylo fought back a grimace, but did his best to keep up his smile. He laughed a little too loudly, waving the topic off with a flick of his hand. Maz had never addressed him by Kylo, and he didn’t really expect her to at this point. “How has your visit been so far?” Kylo segued, and noticed the appreciative glance Finn threw in his direction. “Lovely spot for a wedding,” Maz nodded, “But I had a few suggestions my Finn just wouldn’t consider, which I think would have worked better,” Kylo listened to her rattle off places around the world that could be suitable for future wedding destinations. Maz was one of the most traveled people he had ever met, and was still visiting around the world in her old age. It was admirable, to say the least. “-perfect for your wedding, Benny,” Maz urged. Kylo choked on his drink, shaking his head rapidly. Leia opened her mouth to speak, but Luke seemed to hold her back. Kylo offered a pleasant smile, promising to keep the suggestions in mind in the future. Not that he had much of a romantic future. “Now,” Maz clapped her hands together, “Where’s Han? I haven’t seen him all day,” All at once the mood shifted, and Kylo felt the heat rushing through him. Leia touched his hand softly, a gentle promise that everything was fine, and a plea for him to contain himself. She easily explained that Han would be arriving on Sunday for the ceremony and reception, and that he couldn’t manage to get more time off than that. Maz launched into a speech about how family was always more important than work, which ended up turning into a discussion of the wedding floral arrangements somehow. Kylo silently thanked Luke, who could always manage to shift the conversation where he pleased without anyone realizing. Kylo risked a look at his mother, and noticed the way her eyes had fixated on her hands. It was obvious she was lost in thought, systematically answering questions and contributing to the conversation just enough to pass as if nothing was bothering her. But Kylo knew her. Kylo knew how much her marital issues impacted her, whether or not she discussed it aloud. He had seen her at her worst, when his father ran off for weeks at a time to ‘cool off’ from one of their fights, claiming it was what Leia wanted even if she didn’t say it aloud. And now, they stood at the wedding of two people Leia watched grow up and fall in love as her own life fell apart around her. And her husband, Han Solo, was nowhere to be found. Instead, Leia had to deliver his excuses for him, same as always. Kylo excused himself suddenly, ignoring his uncle’s heavy sigh of protest. He approached the bar, helping himself to another drink as if it would subdue the racing thoughts infecting his head. “That bad?” Rey approached quietly, leaning against the bar. Her eyes fluttered slightly, and Kylo noticed the nearly empty margarita in her hand. He simply shrugged, and kept his gaze away from his mother. The last thing he needed was an internal crisis over the reality of love at a wedding. Rey reached across the bar for the bottle of champagne, but Kylo caught her wrist before she could get it. She let out a startled noise, staring at him confusedly. “You’ve probably had enough for now,” Kylo asserted, voice low, “Didn’t Luke give you a three drink limit for tonight?” Rey scoffed, obviously angry. A part of Kylo knew that he wasn’t being fair, that he was trying to compensate for his inability to take care of his mother by babying Rey. But he couldn’t help it, he just needed to have something in his control. “Come on,” she shook his hand off of her, “Han would let me have another,” The anger from before bubbled up once more at the mention of his name. Kylo assumed that Rey was right, that the fun-loving Han Solo would be sure to smuggle his favorite god-daughter another drink from behind the bar, no matter what her father had wanted. “Well Han isn’t here, is he?” Kylo snapped suddenly, voice practically dripping with venom. Rey looked at him almost angrily, and all at once Kylo dropped her wrist and took a step back. He brought the beer to his lips, staring out at the party and trying to imagine whether it would have been better if his father was there. He wasn’t sure. “Get over yourself,” Rey hissed, “You’re not my father-” “Neither is he,” Kylo shot back, and noticed the way Rey’s face fell. He shook his head, reaching out to touch her arm, but Rey yanked herself back. Pointedly, she filled a glass with champagne and took a long sip. It was obvious how unpleasant it was to drink so much as once by the look of her face, but she didn’t flinch. “I didn’t-” Kylo started, but Rey cut him off. “You’re a dick,” she announced confidently. “Yeah,” Kylo agreed easily, looking down at his shoes. “I get that you have issues with your dad, whatever, I understand,” Rey continued, “But stop acting like we’re idiots for believing he’s a good man,” Kylo sighed, rubbing his eyes as he nodded. Rey was practically bursting at this point, on the tips of her toes to seem taller and more intimidating. Kylo was surprised she hadn’t already climbed up onto the bar. “You didn’t have the easiest upbringing, and he’s made some mistakes,” Rey huffed, “But I’m sick and tired of watching you sulk around like a kicked puppy just because your daddy isn’t thrilled with your career choices-” “I don’t care what my dad thinks of me,” Kylo cut her off. Rey looked at him suspiciously, like she didn’t believe what she was hearing. Kylo turned away from her for a moment, watching Leia talk and laugh like everything was perfectly fine. He remembered all of the times he heard her crying from down the hall, begging Han to come home to an overflowing voicemail inbox. “I understand why he means so much to you,” Kylo murmured. He flashed back to when he was barely twenty, coming home from work to find the house fuller than when he had left it. An eleven year old Rey sat on the couch, clinging to the fifteen year old Finn beside her. Their eyes darted around the room, like they were looking for a way to escape. Han sat beside them, talking to them softly. It took a few hours, but they finally accepted dinner and a place to sleep for the night. Kylo was confined to the kitchen with his mother, too afraid to spook the kids by overwhelming them with more people. “Your father found them on the side of the highway driving to work this morning,” Leia had explained quietly, watching them from around the corner of the wall, “They ran away from their foster home a few days ago and have been on the road since,” Han, who could barely look his own son in the eyes without getting uncomfortable, was knelt in front of the children, assuring them that everything was going to be okay. He had promised to find them somewhere safe to live, somewhere they would be happy. Finn was scared, so sure that Han wouldn’t be able to find somewhere for him to stay. He whispered to Kylo late at night, asked him what they would do when they found out no one wanted him. After fifteen years of living in the foster care system, he had given up any hope of finding a stable home. Han spoke to every person he had ever known, trying his best to find a suitable home for Finn. For six months he stayed in Kylo’s room, slowly opening up as he learned to trust them. Han introduced him to Maz Kanata, an old friend, one night at a dinner party. She took him into her home after a thirty second conversation, no further questions asked. And Rey, who was barely a week over eleven years old, spent just a little less time in the house than Finn did. She was adopted by Leia’s brother, Luke. It took dusk til dawn conversations between Kylo’s family and Luke, going over the pros of letting the young girl into his life. He wasn’t sure he could handle raising a child, not after having lost so many friends throughout his life. Luke did his best to stay away, to let his anxiety confine him to a life alone. But Han didn’t give up. He knew that the two of them would be good for each other, and after months of talking it out, Luke realized that Han was right. It was Rey that drew Luke out of the hermit tendencies he adopted over the years, that gave new meaning to his life. And it was Luke that taught Rey it was okay to trust people, and what a real family felt like. Han kept up with the two of them, checking in whenever possible and promising to be there whenever they needed him. For Finn and Rey, Han was like a second father. And in that aspect, Kylo agreed, he was a good man. But the two of them saw a different side of Han than Kylo ever did. Perhaps it was because they met him when he was older, more mellowed out and less on edge. Or maybe, it was because he had the choice to be in their lives. For Kylo and Leia, he treated it as an obligation he hated to fulfill. “He’s been good to you,” Kylo agreed softly. Rey narrowed her eyes, still convinced that Kylo’s mistrusting of Han was rooted within their own issues. Of course, it was difficult to have a father that wanted little to do with him growing up, that was disappointed in the paths he had chosen. But that wasn’t the bulk of it. “I just hate what he’s done to her,” Kylo admitted, and Rey’s gaze followed his to where Leia leaned against her brother. Kylo caught Leia’s eye from across the way, and smiled broadly when she waved wildly in his direction. In the next moment, she was looking towards the entrance of the beach, always waiting for the man that would never come. Slowly, his eye caught a flash of red. Hux stood staring into the ocean, his hair shaken loose by the wind. It felt like something out of a dream, and he noticed the same blurry edges around Hux that had softened him that morning. Kylo wished, if only for a moment, that Hux might understand the love that Kylo still felt for him, the love he couldn’t deny no matter how hard he tried. Distantly, he wondered if he had become his mother: waiting on a man that would never truly return to him, and might have never been there in the first place. As if on cue, Hux turned around to meet Kylo’s eye. In that second, it felt like they were the only people on the beach, like everything else had melted away. Hux turned back to the ocean, and Kylo listened to the waves crash against the shore. From beside him, Rey placed a hand on his shoulder. Kylo wanted to shove her away, but he only leaned into the touch. “You’re a walking cliche, Kylo,” Rey joked softly, “A depressed artist with daddy issues that can’t get over his first love, and is too stupid to see that he’s loved back,” Kylo’s eyes snapped back to Rey, mouth opening a little too quickly to refute her accusation. The ferocity of his denial just made her smile sadly, and she gave his shoulder a squeeze. Rey grabbed the bottle of champagne, pressed a quick kiss to Kylo’s cheek, and walked off to join Phasma and Poe in playing flip cup. The three of them cheered excitedly as they chugged champagne, howling with laughter at the burn of the bubbles. Kylo, for a moment, considered joining them. He had always been particularly good at drinking games, which he blamed on Poe for exposing him to them at such an early age. Kylo took a step towards the trio, before something urged him to turn around once more. Hux was watching him once more, though he didn’t look away quite as quickly this time. Kylo noticed the red of his cheeks, remembered the times he had kissed his face until they burned. Hux turned away again, and Kylo stood frozen. He ran over Rey’s words in his head, too stupid to see that he’s loved back. She was drunk, he reminded himself, and had no romantic experience of her own to draw from. She was wrong. Hux had never loved him to begin with, he had made that much perfectly clear. They were horrible for each other. This weekend was about friendship, and his best friend’s love, not trying to rekindle something that had never ignited in the first place. Kylo thought about the fights. Yelling at each other that escalated to the point of their neighbors calling the police. Half of the bed left empty until it was almost sunrise. Insults that cut so deep they had to hide their tears. Hux with one foot out of their home before Kylo could open his eyes. Kylo thought about Hux’s eyes. His laugh. The way he squeezed Kylo’s hand tighter when he was cold. The lazy mornings, and the sleepy afternoons. Messes in the kitchen from poorly made dinners. Slow dancing in the elevator. Races to build the newly purchased Ikea furniture. The way Hux used to cling to him at night like it could keep them together. Hux stood at the edge of the beach, staring into the ocean. Kylo stood beside him, close enough that if he reached out, his fingers might brush the other man’s shoulder. They didn’t look at one another, just stood in silence listening to the hum of the party in the background. “I’m surprised the King of Flip-Cup isn’t competing,” Hux noted as the chorus of cheers rang out behind them. Kylo turned slightly, watching Hux’s hair blow easily in the wind. His eyes shimmered against the setting sun, reflecting the gray, rolling waves. He thought about joining his friends in knocking back cheap champagne, exchanging old stories, laughing like he hadn’t in years. He thought about sitting in silence with the man that continuously broke his heart, watching the waves beat tirelessly against the shore without relent. “Not in the mood,” Kylo answered finally, barely noticing the shimmer of a smile on Hux’s lips before it was gone. - “No adults!” Rey cried out gleefully, plopping down onto a blanket spread out beside the roaring fire. “Rey,” Finn chuckled, “You’re nineteen. You’re legally an adult,” Rey narrowed her eyes, flipping him off. Finn rolled his eyes, snuggling further into Poe’s chest from their extra large lawn chair. “Plus, four out of six of us are about thirty-” Phasma pointed out, and Rey cut her off with a hiss. “We’re children tonight,” she demanded, “And we’re celebrating the end of Poe and Finn’s childhood. Because soon they will be married. And have babies of their own. And pay taxes,” Rey nodded securely, and everyone around the fire looked at her curiously. She was the youngest by almost half a decade next to Finn, and about a full decade to the rest of the group. However, she was usually the most mature of them all. Alcohol brought out the childhood in Rey that had never quite been there. “Rey,” Hux spoke slowly, “Have you never paid taxes?” The girl simply shrugged, reaching her hands out to warm them by the fire. Kylo snickered, shaking his head at the simplicity of her life. When Kylo was Rey’s age, he had just met Phasma and Hux. Rey and Finn weren’t yet in his life. Everything was still bright and new, and he saw that still shimmering in the young girl’s eyes. Rey looked at him curiously, like she was trying to read his thoughts. He hadn’t spoken much since their last conversation, save his gentle teasing of Hux next to the water. In reality, Kylo was exhausted. He considering turning in early, claiming that he was resting up for the bachelor parties tomorrow. But this, he thought, this he could handle. Seeing his best friends all together for the first time in over five years, joking and reminiscing, warming himself by a sturdy fire on the shore, that would be just fine. Hux’s laugh rang out from beside him, and his heart flipped in his chest. Perhaps he spoke too soon. “Game time,” Rey announced abruptly, throwing her arms excitedly into the air. “Of course the child wants to play a game,” Poe sighed dramatically, and Rey threw a marshmallow at him, reiterating once again that they were all children for the night. “Alright, alright,” Finn mediated, “What game are you thinking?” Rey tapped her chin, thinking pensively. Poe lit into her for not already having something in mind, suggesting hide and seek or tag while Rey bickered back. Kylo watched them amusedly, eyes drooping slightly by the fire. From beside him, he saw Hux clutching his arms. He almost laughed to himself, it was no surprise that he was cold even with the fire in front of him. Without a second thought, Kylo stripped his sweatshirt from his body and placed it in Hux’s lap. “What-” Hux looked at him dazedly, instantly holding out the sweater for Kylo to take back. “M’fine,” he yawned, and Hux stuttered over a thank you. When Kylo snapped out of his sleepy trance, he realized that all eyes were on him. Poe looked concerned, reworking what had happened in his mind and staring between Hux and Kylo. Kylo’s face flushed, and he looked down at his hands. “I know a game,” Kylo blurted out suddenly, trying to take the attention off of the sweatshirt, “Never Have I Ever,” Phasma burst into laughter, leaning back in her chair and staring wildly at Kylo. It was like something out of their freshman year of college, where they would get a little too drunk and play ridiculous tween games sitting on the floor of their dorm. “Every time you put a hand down you have to take a shot,” Kylo offered up, and a chorus of cheers rang out around him. “Well, now that you’ve made it a drinking game,” Poe laughed, pulling a bottle of whiskey from under their chair. “You just had that on hand?” Rey deadpanned, “What kind of tell-tale sign…” “You never know when you’re going to need dark liquor,” Poe pointed out. The two of them continued to bicker for some time while Finn filled little plastic shot glasses and passed them around the circle. Kylo flinched at the smell of the whiskey, wishing more than anything it was something slightly less revolting. Turning to pass a cup to Hux, he caught the other man staring at him. The sweater was finally on him, and Kylo could have laughed at how tiny he looked in it. While they were about the same height, Kylo was far bulkier than his counterpart. “You’re staring,” Hux whispered, something teasing in his tone. “You’re one to talk,” Kylo joked back, holding out the cup. Hux took it, looking away and back to Rey and Poe’s mini-battle. It was as if he couldn’t handle more than a few seconds of looking at Kylo, while Kylo couldn’t handle looking away. When everyone was given their drinks, Phasma cleared her throat and wiggled her fingers. “Never have I ever,” she announced confidently, “been engaged,” Poe and Finn both groaned, shaking their heads at her pointed turn. Phasma just laughed, claiming it was too good of an opportunity to pass up. Poe flipped her off, and Finn dejectedly lowered one of his fingers. “Never have I ever,” Poe narrowed his eyes, “Been over six feet tall,” “That is not how you play the game!” Phasma shrieked, but put a finger down anyways. Kylo and Hux looked at each other, both following her lead. Hux smirked, shaking his head and scrunching his nose up at the liquor in his lap. Four more fingers, and they would be knocking those back. Kylo could hardly wait. With the pointed plays, it wasn’t long until everyone had taken more than a few shots. Rey was nearly tipping over from her spot on the ground, and Kylo distantly was thankful that she hadn’t taken a place in an actual seat. “Never have I ever,” Phasma giggled, “Had a crush on Poe Dameron,” “Jesus Christ,” Kylo muttered to himself, lowering his final finger and reaching for the whiskey. Poe howled with laughter, shooting a wink in his direction. Phasma looked to Rey, who was glaring at her angrily. The bottle was passed around the circle until it landed in her lap, and she drank straight from the bottle while flipping Phasma off. “It’s not fair,” Kylo coughed, “Everyone had a crush on Poe. He was the only cute guy in the entire town,” “And the only other gay one,” Poe pointed out, and Kylo laughed loudly. The group fell into a lull, each racking their brains for another example. It grew harder the drunker they became, and Kylo found it almost impossible to think of something he hadn’t done. “I have one,” Rey giggled sweetly, teetering back and forth. Kylo looked at her fondly, wondering what other horrible secrets she would dredge up. They had already exposed Poe for peeing out of a second story window, Finn for vomiting on the hood of a random car in a parking garage, Phasma for being in an orgy, Hux for knowing every word to an entire Nicki Minaj album, and Kylo for spending the majority of a flight in the bathroom because he couldn’t stop crying. “Go ahead, Rey,” Finn scoffed, “Just skip everyone else’s turn,” “Let her go,” Hux snickered, “She’ll forget it within a minute if you don’t,” “Hux,” Rey hiccuped, “Have some little tiny faith,” “Little tiny faith,” Hux repeated, “Got it,” Kylo laughed into the palm of his hand, his shoulders shaking as he stole a glance at Hux. Hux looked proud of himself, and his gaze held onto Kylo’s for a few seconds too long. It was easier not to look away with the help of alcohol, apparently. “Thank you, Arm,” Rey raised the bottle of whiskey like a toast. “Already regretting it,” Hux nodded, and Kylo’s head fell back as he laughed. “Never have I ever, ever! In my whole life, ever,” Rey warned, eliciting an understanding nod from the others, “Have been in lo-o-ove with someone in this circle,” The word was drawn out in a sing-songy voice, and Rey stared directly at Finn and Poe. They laughed, throwing marshmallows at her for the jab. Kylo watched as Poe nuzzled against Finn, placing a soft kiss to his lips and tapping their noses together. He sat silently for a moment, playing the words over and over in his head. Phasma and Rey were cackling in their seats, bickering over the last of the graham crackers, while Poe and Finn were too wrapped up in each other to pay attention. Without further fuss, Kylo folded his thumb over his palm. He was done lying. Even to himself. Four fingers remained straight up on his hand. He stared at them, eyes glazed over from the alcohol and need for sleep. The buzz of laughter became garbled in the background as Kylo flexed his fingers, counting them over and over again. There was a soft noise beside him, between a gasp and a sigh. Kylo turned, and Hux was staring at his hand. Kylo sat frozen, caught in his own drunken mistake. Of course it was Hux sitting next to him, and of course he had to be dramatic and put a finger down when no one was paying attention, and of course the rest of the circle was too caught up in their own fun to notice. Unable to breathe, Kylo let his eyes wander to Hux. The other man had jerked his gaze away, staring straight ahead into the fire. His hand sat in his lap, and Kylo squeezed his eyes closed for a moment. It was now or never, he told himself, and finally worked up the courage to look. Hux’s elbow moved to rest on his knee, his hand held straight in the air. His attention had turned towards Phasma and Rey’s bickering, completely disregarding Kylo next to him. Kylo’s attention flickered to his hand, and felt his heart drop to his stomach. Five fingers were raised on Hux’s hand, on proud display for each of the others to see. For Kylo to see. It felt like it was all falling apart suddenly, like he couldn’t pull in a deep enough breath to fill his lungs. The ground fell out from beneath him, and Kylo felt his chest constrict tighter with every passing second. And Hux. Hux sat up perfectly straight, wide grin spread across his face, twinkling laughter ringing out across the fire. Hux didn’t look at him, didn’t see the way he had ripped Kylo’s heart out of his chest and thrown it into the fire before them. Hux proved again and again that he never loved Kylo, that the two years they spent together meant next to nothing to him, perhaps less. And all this time later, when Kylo tried to stifle the protruding hope of a potential future between them, Hux proved that nothing could ever make him love Kylo. Once again, he ran over Rey’s words to him in his head. Too stupid to see that he’s loved back. No, Kylo decided, he was stupid enough to believe that Hux might have loved him in the first place. “Kylo?” Finn’s voice cut through his thoughts, “It’s your turn, do you have anything?” All eyes were on him, and he noticed the slight fade of their enthusiasm. Rey’s drunken mind was working hard, and Kylo felt the need to get away before they put it together. Before they noticed his finger down and asked him what it was about. Never have I ever broken someone’s heart. Never have I ever walked out on someone without a second thought. Never have I ever laid beside someone that loved me until the ends of the Earth, and lied through my teeth that I felt the same way. “Never have I ever been kicked out of Chili’s Bar and Grill,” Kylo offered with a fake smile. “It was one time!” Phasma bellowed, and the circle erupted into a myriad of arguments once again. Kylo felt Hux’s eyes on him. He didn’t bother looking up. Notes: let's be honest - is it a dallystrings modern au if there isn't a drunk bonfire scene? Chapter 5 : Spiraling Down Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo yawned, arms stretched behind his back as he made his way through the quiet house. To work off his slight hangover, he went on a run around his uncle’s property with the sunrise. It gave the illusion of having his life together which, obviously, he did not. The night ended with Kylo holding onto his pillow for dear life, biting back the tears that threatened to fall from his eyes. He blamed it on the alcohol, amplifying the rejection he felt from Hux to a million times what it should have been. In reality, he had almost sobered up by the time he went to sleep. There was a crash from the kitchen, and Kylo rolled his eyes. Of course Hux would be there, trying to prove to himself that he could manage to make everyone breakfast. Of course, he thought sullenly, he wouldn’t bother to ask Kylo for help. Pulling an earbud from his ear, Kylo considered just heading back to his room. A shower was necessary, he told himself, that was a good enough excuse to get out of there. Checking his watch, he sighed as he considered drinking the water from the tap. Kylo reasoned that if he snagged his smoothie from the fridge and drank it before showering, he wouldn’t have to sit through the giant breakfast. Then, he would have time to check in on work, and answer the e-mails flooding his inbox. Maybe, he thought hopefully, he would even get a chance to paint. It was a stretch, but it would be a real stress reliever for the next two days. Kylo stood up straighter, nodded to himself, and stepped forward. Hux had no right to make him feel anxious in a house that had practically been a second home to him during his childhood. He was sick and tired of stepping on eggshells around the other man. It was time to finally enjoy himself. He walked confidently into the kitchen, replacing the earbud to signal that he wasn’t looking for interaction. Kylo kept his eyes straight ahead, refusing to even look at Hux. He pulled his smoothie from the fridge, as well as a bottled water, and drew in a deep breath. In a perfect world, he would have been able to walk away without needing to look. He wouldn’t have thought back to the morning before, when they worked quietly around each other and pretended they didn’t catch the other staring. But Kylo wasn’t as strong as he hoped. Hux sat on the floor, hands tugging at his hair, forehead resting against his knees. It was as if he hadn’t noticed Kylo coming in, or hoped that he was out of sight enough for Kylo not to notice him. There was something off about him, and Kylo didn’t like it. He removed both earbuds, letting them hang from the strap on his arm. Hux hadn’t moved, but the raggedness of his breathing was obvious without the music playing in Kylo’s ears. He was trembling, visible from where Kylo stood from across the kitchen. Taking a tentative step forward, Kylo placed the things in his hands on the counter. The same mess was surrounding him as the day before, and he wondered how it was possible for someone to take up almost every possible surface available just to make eggs. “Hux,” Kylo inquired softly, tilting his head to the side, “You okay?” Hux didn’t answer, only pulled his knees tighter to his chest. It seemed as if he was trying to disappear from the room entirely. Kylo had never seen him look so small. Kylo knelt beside him, still a few feet away. His arm twitched, like it was itching to reach out for Hux. He kept it plastered to his side, unsure of what to do. It was the last thing he expected to walk in on that morning for sure. “Hey,” Kylo whispered, “Hux, I’m here. Talk to me,” In their time together, Kylo had only seen Hux so far gone a handful of times. He was the type to hide his anxiety, to internally break down while he was outward smiles and functionality. But sometimes, it all became too much and he couldn’t pretend anymore. Still, he remembered what to do. Get Hux talking. Comfort him. Bring him to bed. Hold him. The last step flashed through his mind, and Kylo felt himself recoil slightly. That was a boundary he couldn’t cross, no matter how badly he wanted Hux in his arms. He couldn’t take advantage of him like that. “Armie,” Kylo smiled gently, using the name he knew the other man hated to draw him out, “Come on,” “Leave me the fuck alone,” Hux snapped his head up, teeth bared like an animal. Kylo didn’t flinch, just leaned back to sit on his heels. Hux buried his face once more, his body shaking as he attempted to breathe deeply. It was like he couldn’t get enough air, no matter how quickly he breathed. Standing up, Kylo delicately stepped around Hux to get to the stove. The kettle was set on one of the burners, and he listened carefully for its whistle as he swept into the living room. A throw from the couch was bundled up in his arms, and Kylo hurried back to the kitchen. “Lean forward,” he ushered quietly. “I don’t want that,” Hux hissed, “I don’t want your help. I don’t want you,” Kylo waited patiently, ignoring the ache of his knees on the hard floor. Finally, Hux leaned forward just enough for Kylo to drape the blanket around his shoulders. The kettle began to sing, and he snagged an Earl Grey tea bag from the cupboard. Hux still had his eyes squeezed tightly closed, though he was now gripping the blanket that covered him. The shaking was no longer as visible, but Kylo doubted that it had truly died down at all. The throw just did a good job of covering it. Kylo stirred the tea, waiting until it had turned a paler brown before he removed the spoon and set it in the sink. He pulled a few tea biscuits from the cupboard as well, knowing plenty well that Hux was unlikely to eat them. Kneeling before the red headed man, Kylo prodded at his hands. Hux shoved him away at first, nearly spilling the tea all over the kitchen floor. Kylo stood firm, despite the ache in his heart that begged him to just leave it be. Finally, Hux gave his pushing up and raised his head. He blinked dazedly as the steaming cup held before him, like he was trying to piece together what it was. Kylo waited patiently until Hux took the mug into his hands, clinging to its warmth. “Two sugars and a splash of milk,” Kylo offered quietly, “I hope that’s still how you like it,” Hux stared into the cup, watching the swirling liquid steadily even itself out. It was as if he was trying to discover its secret so that he might do the same for himself. “It is,” Hux nodded slowly, his voice hitching with his uneven breathing. “It’s okay,” Kylo assured him as the panicked look flooded Hux’s eyes once more, “Hey, Hux, you’re okay,” Hux shook his head, his body shuddering. It was terrifying to watch, like someone drowning on dry land. Kylo wanted nothing more than to help him come back to reality, to teach him how to breathe once again. “Hux,” Kylo pleaded softly, “Talk to me,” Hux continued to shake his head, clutching to the mug of tea for dear life. Drops spilled down his fingers, but it was like he didn’t even notice. Having him hold onto something warm had helped years ago, but Kylo wondered if it was doing anything currently. “Please,” Kylo whispered, reaching out to wipe away the drink from his hands. Raising his head, Hux met Kylo’s eyes. His face was red and splotchy, and the rims of his eyes were red. The expression on his face threatened to spill tears at any moment, and Kylo decided it was his mission to prevent that. “I can’t do it,” Hux whispered, “It’s too much,” “Can’t do what,” Kylo prodded gently. “Anything,” Hux admitted, “This. Planning a wedding,” A shaky breath fell from his lips, like he hadn’t been able to get the words out before. Kylo watched him sadly, knowing that Hux needed his space. It didn’t take away his desperate desire to pull him into his arms. “I don’t know why I thought I could do it,” Hux shook his head, “I just felt so awful about being so out of the loop for so long, and I thought this might make it up to Finn and Poe but-” Hux’s bottom lip trembled, and his voice cut out abruptly. Kylo saw how hard he was working to keep himself in control, but he was slipping quickly. Kylo remembered an anxiety attack so awful it left Hux in bed for an entire weekend. He could barely stay awake, and if he was awake he was shaking beneath an infinite supply of blankets. It was obvious how fearful he was about something of that degree taking him over. “Hey, breathe,” Kylo reminded him. Hux was on the verge of hyperventilating, eyes darting around the room wildly. Kylo couldn’t stand to watch it anymore, and gingerly took the mug of tea from Hux’s hands. He laced their fingers together, squeezing tightly to draw him back. “With me,” Kylo instructed gently. Hux watched him, following his breathing pattern the best he could. Kylo counted in his head, remembering the pattern that had always worked best for Hux. They sat on the kitchen floor for five or so minutes before Hux’s crazed expression settled slightly. “Okay?” Kylo asked carefully. “Okay,” Hux nodded, and Kylo saw his mind working as he continued counting the seconds between breaths. “Good,” Kylo smiled carefully, trying not to let Hux see just how worried he was, “Keep talking. Tell me more,” Hux’s eyes were slightly lidded, like he was trying to remember what they had been discussing in the first place. When he spoke again, his voice was shaking only slightly less, but Kylo saw every little improvement as a triumph. “I’m scared that I’m going to ruin their wedding,” Hux whispered, “What if they’re disappointed? What if I’ve hyped it up too much, and it doesn’t live up to their expectations? What if they end up hating everything I’ve worked so hard to do,” Hux was working himself back up again, and Kylo gently squeezed his hand to draw him back. Their eyes locked, like it was able to keep Hux where he needed to be and not off getting lost in his own head. “It’s so much work,” Hux sniffled, “And I don’t want to be a decision they regret. I want them to be happy,” Kylo smiled gently. Hux, no matter what facade he put on for everyone else to see, was one of the kindest men he had ever known. He cared so deeply about the happiness of others, as well as their opinions of him. As much as he tried not to. “It’s Finn and Poe,” Kylo reminded him softly, “They could get married in a landfill and be elated. So long as they have each other,” Hux offered a watery laugh, and Kylo frowned at the forcefulness of it. He wished Hux knew that he didn’t have to pretend with him, that he’d accept him no matter what emotion he was feeling. “You’re right, I know,” Hux breathed, “I just want it to be perfect for them. I feel like, like I owe it to them,” Kylo cocked his head sideways, watching Hux carefully. There was something else, another reason that he was so upset over it all. Kylo wondered why he felt he owed them, why he had offered to take on the job in the first place. “I’m a bad friend,” Hux whispered finally, “I know it. I just wanted to do something good,” Hux pulled himself away, curling up into a ball once more. Kylo frowned, trying to find the words to dispel the negative thoughts swirling within the other’s head. What could have made him consider himself a bad friend? “You were the best friend I ever had,” Kylo admitted softly. Hux hiccuped, peeking up from his arms to stare at the other. There was suspiciousness in his gaze, like he was trying to read Kylo’s face for deceit. “I mean it,” Kylo swallowed, “You were always there to talk me down from the ledge when I was being overly dramatic. You watched the shitty foreign films I brought home from the video store. You took care of me when I was sick, proofread my awful essays, let me pick the music in the car, came to all of my art shows when everyone else pretended to be busy…” Kylo’s voice trailed off as he ran out of breath. That’s why I fell in love with you, he thought to himself. The words caught in his throat, and he held onto them in his chest. “You’re a good friend, Hux,” Kylo continued, “And that’s coming from me, your sworn enemy,” Hux laughed slightly at that, and Kylo noticed the crinkle of his eyes when he smiled. “Thank you,” Hux whispered warmly. He still wasn’t fully himself, and Kylo doubted he would be anytime soon. It was an ordeal that certainly wore him out, but it seemed like he was going to be fine. Hux’s eyes trailed around the kitchen, taking in the mess before him. “Don’t worry about this,” Kylo murmured, “I’ll clean it up, make some toast while I’m at it,” Hux shot him a look, clearly intent on doing it by himself. Kylo stood firm in his offer though, standing up to get to work before the other could stop him. Hux let his eyes fall closed like he was working up the energy to stand. “You’re not helping,” Kylo said flatly. “Kylo, I-” Hux started weakly. “No,” Kylo commanded, squatting down to scoop Hux into his arms. Hux let out a startled cry, jerking back. Kylo only secured his grip, and stood up effortlessly. Hux laid in his arms, bridal style, looking surprised and mildly uncomfortable. Kylo simply walked from the kitchen to the living room, setting Hux down gently on the biggest couch. “Kylo Ren, that was completely-” Hux huffed, but Kylo cut him off. “Armitage,” Kylo sighed softly, “Will you please get some rest? You’re going to work yourself to death before they’re even married,” Hux crossed his arms over his chest, sitting up slightly to seem larger. There was something in his eyes that Kylo couldn’t read, but after a few tense moments of silence he finally gave up and flopped back into the couch. “Whatever,” he grunted angrily. Kylo turned to head back to the kitchen, but stopped after a few steps. He walked back to the couch, squatting down in front of it so he was eye level with Hux. Hux cracked an eye open at the slight dip in the edge of the couch where Kylo placed his hands to balance himself out. “What?” Hux murmured, eyes flickering from Kylo’s eyes to his lips for half a second before they were back. “You’re not doing this alone anymore,” Kylo assured him, “I’m going to help you with whatever you need, and the ceremony is going to go perfectly,” Hux stared at him blankly, and Kylo wished that he could just read how he was feeling. “Reception too,” Kylo added jokingly as an afterthought. A small smile played at Hux’s lips, but he looked unsure. Kylo wanted to promise him that he meant every word he said, that he wasn’t going to let him down this time. Instead, he stood and turned to go back to the kitchen. When he peeked from behind the wall a few minutes later, Hux was fast asleep on the couch. Kylo covered him with another blanket, and left a covered mug of tea beside him for when he woke. - “A strip club,” Poe deadpanned, staring between Kylo and Rey. Kylo opened his mouth to explain that it wasn’t exactly his idea, and that he didn’t really have a say in the matter, but Rey cut him off by excitedly throwing her arms into the air. “We had to have at least one cliche,” she announced, “It’s not exactly traditional to share a bachelor party-” “We’ve been over this,” Finn groaned, “We wanted all of our friends together-” “It’s because they don’t have enough friends to have two separate parties,” Phasma refuted with a smirk. Finn scoffed, crossing his arms over his chest and shaking his head. Poe laughed, hiding his smile in his hand so that it wasn’t noticeable. Finn saw anyways, and jabbed him in the side. “You’re supposed to defend my honor,” he reminded him with a shake of his head. “Be nice to my husband,” Poe yelled, wagging a finger. He looked to Finn excitedly, checking to see if he had done well. Finn rolled his eyes, but pulled Poe in for a kiss anyways. Kylo pretended to gag, and Phasma sympathetically rubbed his back. After the hustle and bustle of a four hour rehearsal dinner, Kylo was happy to have some time alone with his friends. Poe finally opened the door of the car they crammed themselves into, and the six tumbled into the street. Luke smiled from the driver’s seat, waving before he drove off. Kylo checked his wallet one more time to make sure he had enough stashed for a taxi in case of an emergency. “Someone seems worried,” Hux noted playfully, sidling up beside him. “Well,” Kylo’s voice was tight, “It’s kind of my shining moment,” Hux smiled, glancing at the building before them. It was a stereotypical male strip club, and looked even more sleazy at night than it had looked during the day when Rey brought him to check it out. He hadn’t thought that was possible. “Good thing you still have your best man’s speech,” Hux smirked, “To make up for it,” “Fuck off,” Kylo laughed, nudging Hux with his shoulder. Hux was jostled only slightly, and tried to hide the budding smile on his lips. Kylo felt his heart swell, overjoyed that the man was finally feeling better. The rehearsal dinner had taken a lot out of him, and Kylo was worried once more that he would revert into a panic. “Thanks for helping me out today,” Hux murmured quietly, “It… made everything a lot easier,” Kylo snorted, shaking his head. Yes, he had helped set up tables and chairs, and carry a few floral arrangements from the car, but the rest was all Hux. It was inspiring to see him work, practically weightless as he floated around the room to organize everything. The room had been mapped out perfectly in a binder, everything came right on time, the aesthetic was impeccable. Kylo had watched on in a daze, finding himself tripping over simple tasks while Hux never made a single mistake. “Don’t be ridiculous,” he shook his head, “That was all you. I just did some of the heavy lifting,” “Still,” Hux snuck a glance in Kylo’s direction, “It was comforting to have you there,” Kylo let out a squeak of laughter, feeling warmth spread to his chest. He blamed it on the champagne they had before they came, though it was hardly enough to get him excited. Hux looked at him with a flash of mischief in his eyes, a secret glance between the two of them. Kylo almost leaned forward to kiss him. “Hey, bozos,” Rey called from a few steps ahead, “We doing this or what? There’s a schedule I’d like to stick to, if you don’t mind,” Hux’s face flushed slightly, and he nodded curtly as he stepped forward to follow Rey. Kylo fell in line with him, restraining himself from reaching out to grab the other’s hand. This night might be more difficult than he initial thought. “She sounds like you,” Kylo noted, gesturing to Rey. “Fuck off,” Hux repeated Kylo’s earlier words back to him, but Kylo grinned anyways. The inside of the club was loud, and hot, and surprisingly busy. Poe and Finn sat at one of the back booths, more focused on each other than anything else. Rey was already carrying a tray of shots to the table, and Phasma offered to take the extra like it was a chore. Kylo slipped into the booth, sliding down until he was beside Phasma. Hux followed him immediately, nearly cutting Rey off. Her eyebrows furrowed slightly, but she didn’t comment on it. Kylo hid his smile. “Where’s the penis hats,” Poe shouted over the music. Rey reached a hand into her bag, pulling out two baseball caps from the bottom. Poe howled with laughter, obviously not expecting the girl to produce anything. He secured one on his own head, and placed the other on Finn’s. “That is so ugly,” Kylo wrinkled his nose. Each hat had a large plastic penis on the brim, with “Dick-Ho” written in spray paint across the front. Finn couldn’t stop laughing, just kept poking the penis on Poe’s hat and watching it flop back and forth. “Very realistic,” Phasma noted, and Kylo choked on his drink. “Phas,” Hux gagged. “I’m just saying,” she raised her hands innocently. “Disgusting,” Kylo shook his head in agreement. “Don’t you side with him,” Phasma gasped, “I am not about to be double teamed by you two,” Hux groaned at the expression, resting his head in his hands. Kylo snickered, trying to remain serious but utterly failing. Phasma looked pleased by their reactions, and waved down a waiter to order another round of shots for the table. “I can’t drink anymore,” Finn whined, “I’m getting married tomorrow,” “At five in the afternoon you fucking twat,” Phasma rolled her eyes. Finn pouted, but accepted the drink anyways. He swore it was the last he was going to accept before Poe was pulling him from the booth to go dance in the corner of the club. Kylo was almost positive that wasn’t the point of a strip club, but didn’t speak up. “Bar hopping in fifteen minutes,” Rey reminded them, cupping her hands over her mouth to shout across the room. Finn shot her a thumbs up, cut off with a laugh as Poe nipped at his neck sweetly. Rey rolled her eyes, turning back to the rest of the table. “At least we know they’re not having any second thoughts,” Kylo smiled at her. “We had the easy job, Kylo,” Rey raised a glass, “They would be happy to lay in an alley and look at the stars if that’s what we suggested,” Kylo snorted, but agreed with a nod. The next fifteen minutes were spent cheering on Rey as she shoved singles in men’s g-strings, and holding Phasma back from eating the men alive. Finn and Poe joined them after they got tired of dancing alone, and urged them to break into the macarena in the middle of the bar. “We’re going to get kicked out,” Hux laughed loudly, watching Phasma and Rey climb atop occupied tables to dance. “What else is new,” Kylo shrugged, following their lead and climbing up onto the table closest to him. Hux’s face lit up in surprise, letting out a burst of laughter as he watched Kylo shimmy his hips. The song, something heavy with bass, was not the macarena. That didn’t stop Kylo from doing the dance perfectly, and then switching it up to attempt the cotton-eyed joe. Hux laughed along, throwing his head back when Kylo spun a little too far and scrambled in the air to land properly on the ground. He reached forward, placing a hand on Kylo’s shoulder to steady him. “You’re going to get yourself killed,” Hux shook his head. “I’ve been through worse,” Kylo waved it off, and Hux snickered. “Worse than death?” he asked with a quirk of his eyebrow. Kylo felt like his shoulder was burning from where Hux touched him. He so desperately wanted to reach out and hold onto Hux, spend every last second of the time they had left wrapped up in one another, making up for the years they missed. Instead, he let Hux’s hand fall as he once again stepped back from him. “Much worse,” Kylo confirmed quietly. Hux looked at him curiously, like he was trying to decipher Kylo’s words. In the end, he only offered a less than genuine laugh and checked behind his shoulder for the others. They were already being rounded up by the bouncers, and Kylo noticed a particularly angry man heading in their direction. “Best be getting out of here,” Hux tilted his head to the side curiously. Phasma reached out for them, yelling something intelligible. Kylo bit back a smile and surrendered without needing to be forced, following the crowd out the back exit to the alley where they had been disposed. Rey was cheering, arms raised above her head hollering. Kylo wouldn’t have been surprised if it was her plan the entire time to get kicked out. She had been escorted from a handful of places that he knew of before that night. Phasma was propped up against her, trying to lead her away from the door. Finn and Poe had their arms around one another, leading the group through the streets. Supposedly, they knew where they were going. Kylo was less than convinced. Beside him, Hux’s eyes darted anxiously around the street. He had never been the best in situations outside of his comfort zone, where there was no stable plan guiding him through life. Kylo remembered how he hated crowds, and being lost, and being drunk, and not being in charge, and- Perhaps he was just drunk enough not to block his instincts, but Kylo found himself reaching out to take Hux’s hand in his own. Hux looked at him in complete shock, his hand limp in Kylo’s. Kylo looked back sympathetically, offering a small smile of reassurance. Slowly, Hux let himself tighten his grip on Kylo’s hand. Their fingers fit together, the same way they had that morning, and their hands hung loosely by their sides. Hux kept looking to everyone else, like he was waiting for another member of the group to call them out. Thankfully, everyone else was too drunk and wrapped up in their own expeditions to noticed. Hux relaxed more and more as the time passed, and the two seemed to drift closer to one another with every footstep. “Do you know where we’re going,” Hux asked quietly. “Murphy’s Pub,” Kylo whispered back, “Rey said it’s a real scum-hole, so we might not get kicked out of this one,” Hux chuckled softly at that, swinging their arms slightly as they walked. Kylo let Hux do whatever he pleased with his hand, and kept track of the little squeezes that occurred when Hux was feeling particularly nervous. “Bit pointless,” Hux noted, gesturing to their hands, “It’s not like I could get lost. I’m sure you can hear Phasma’s bleating from six streets away,” Kylo snickered, nodding in agreement. Still, Hux didn’t make a move to drop their hands. Kylo caught himself smiling without realizing it, and blamed it on the alcohol. When they approached the bar, Kylo felt his heart drop. As they drew closer to the others, Hux pulled his hand away. Kylo felt a twinge in his heart, Hux’s desire not to be seen by the others obvious. He treated the two of them holding hands in the street like a dirty secret. Kylo ducked his head down, heading to the bar almost immediately. He barely caught the surprised look on Hux’s face, like he had expected him to follow behind. Instead, Kylo started drinking. Despite fitting most of the typical artist stereotype, Kylo wasn’t a heavy drinker. It was saved moreso for special occasions, like a half a glass of champagne for gallery openings or a cocktail when going out to dinner with his mother. However, Kylo threw caution to the wind. He figured that he deserved it, that it might help to numb the dull ache in his chest that had persisted since the second he saw Hux. In college, he had been able to handle his liquor with ease. Adult Kylo was another story. He was affected more heavily than he remembered, and after a few hours of shots with Phasma he was practically tipping over in his chair. There was a hand on his shoulder, keeping him afloat. “Huxy,” Kylo grinned, poking at his hand, “Hello Arm’s arm,” Kylo burst into laughter, tipping forward and slapping his knee like he had made the funniest joke of the century. Hux looked surprisingly amused, and tilted his head slightly as he watched Kylo. When drunk, it was easier to interact. He liked it a lot more. “You’re certainly enjoying that drink,” Hux noted with a smirk. Kylo grinned, head lolling to one side. He was still leaning against Hux’s hand, happy to have any contact with the man no matter how small. Hux stared at him with something he couldn’t distinguish, no matter how hard he tried. “It’s good,” Kylo nodded, “Want some?” He held the glass out excitedly, and Hux stared right back at him. Kylo’s expression read like he would be heartbroken if Hux didn’t at least try it, so he leaned forward to wrap his lips around the straw and take a tiny sip. “Good?” Kylo inquired. “Good,” Hux confirmed, laughing softly. Phasma clapped a hand on Kylo’s shoulder, sudden and surprising. He jumped, and Hux stifled his laughter into his hand. “I wish you wouldn’t do that,” Kylo complained loudly, “You’re so pretty when you laugh,” Hux’s eyes widened slightly, and he tentatively removed his hand from the lower half of his face. Kylo reached out to touch the edges of his smile. “Alright, drunky,” Phasma laughed, “Do you have it in you for another bar?” Kylo raised his arms above his head, cheering weakly. More than anything, he wanted to take a nap. He looked around the room, and saw that Phasma had yet to round up the others. If he laid down for just a few minutes, maybe he could get some sleep. Kylo laid his head down in his arms, snuggling into the fabric of his sweater. A sleepy smile spread across his face, and he let out a content sigh at the newfound ability to relax. There was a warm hand rubbing his back, and he keened into the touch. “Just a quick one,” Kylo yawned, “Quick, tiny nap,” Kylo let his eyes close, feeling the weight of his exhaustion take over. Alcohol always made him so tired, he realized. He was usually tired enough as it was, and hated how groggy his hangovers made him feel. Kylo let out a tiny cry of displeasure at the thought of a hangover the next morning. “-just take him home?” Hux’s voice was muffled through the fabric of his sweater, and Kylo shifted slightly so that he might hear better. “Are you sure you can manage… this?” Phasma laughed back. “It’s no problem,” Hux assured her, “You saw the cab out front?” “No more than two minutes ago, yeah,” Phasma confirmed, “Poor little Kylo couldn’t even make it through half of Rey’s schedule,” Kylo felt himself being pulled from the chair, and he immediately latched himself to the closest host. It turned out to be Hux, who simply laughed and slipped his arms around Kylo’s shoulder to help keep him upright. “Hi,” Kylo giggled in his ear. “Hi, Kylo,” Hux returned easily, guiding him towards the door, “We’re going to get you home and in bed,” “Oh, no,” Kylo pouted, “But I took a nap,” Hux snickered, shaking his head as he led Kylo outside. He began to shiver immediately, tugging the sleeves of his sweater over his hands. Hux watched him, something fond in his gaze, before he carefully propped Kylo up against a lamp post. “Stay,” he commanded gently, “I’m going to go talk to the cab driver,” “Okay,” Kylo grinned, “I’ll miss you,” Hux looked at him peculiarly, and Kylo sadly dropped his grip on Hux’s hand. Staggering backwards, Hux seemed to hold his gaze for as long as possible. Kylo waved happily, putting all of his focus into standing straight and not swaying. “Come now,” Hux coaxed him from beside the cab. Kylo stepped forward, focusing on seeming as sober as possible. It reminded him vaguely of college, when he drank way too much and let Hux tow him around town until they ended up back at the dorms. Hux helped Kylo into the cab, climbing in next to him. Kylo didn’t listen to the address Hux gave to the driver, only settled happily into the seat and watched the buildings roll by outside the window. Halfway through the ride, Kylo felt too tired to keep his eyes open anymore. His head lolled to the side, and he did his best to remain upright and attentive. Finally, Hux reached out to set Kylo’s head on his shoulder, offering him a pillow of sorts. “Comfy,” Kylo whispered thankfully. “Thank you,” he felt Hux’s smile against the top of his head. “Reminds me of college,” Kylo exhaled slowly. Hux simply hummed in response, lifting a hand to slowly stroke Kylo’s hair. With every touch, he felt the emotions he had been attempting to stifle rise up from his chest. Kylo wanted nothing more than to just tell Hux how he felt. “I love you,” he whispered, voice muffled by the fabric of Hux’s jacket. “Hmm?” Hux asked, tone slightly teasing, “What’re you trying to say, Ky?” Kylo felt the tears well in his eyes. It was a sign, he told himself. He was getting a second chance not to blow everything he had been working towards for five years in a drunken mistake. They were doing well. They were rebuilding their friendship. Kylo didn’t have the right to throw that away. “Tired,” Kylo explained with a choked laugh. “Course you are,” Hux rubbed his back, “You drank about half the bar,” Kylo laughed against him, clutching Hux a little tighter. The car stopped in front of Luke’s estate, and Hux was there to help Kylo out of the taxi every step of the way. They walked together, Kylo leaning against Hux even though he was perfectly capable of moving on his own. “Kinda lame I could only make it til midnight,” Kylo hiccuped, “I’m an old man now,” “You are,” Hux agreed, “But it’s okay. Makes me one too,” Kylo stared at him, trying to hide his sadness. Hux didn’t seem to notice, too caught up in stripping his coat off as quietly as possible. Somewhere, there were real adults sleeping. It was one of the only things that kept Kylo from screaming. “Let’s go sit for a bit, yeah?” Hux offered. Kylo nodded, letting himself be pushed ahead towards his room. Hux entered the room with him, plopping down onto Kylo’s bed and staring at him with a bright smile. Kylo sat beside him, back pressed against the array of pillows. They continued to joke around, to make fun of each other, to reminisce about their first months together attempting to figure out young adulthood. Kylo laughed until his stomach ached, staring at the ceiling between stolen glances at Hux. He felt at home. Like the two of them had never stopped talking, like the last five years were a distant dream. The only thing Kylo was certain about in his drunken state was that he wasn’t ready to give this up again. “I’m sorry I made you miss the rest of the bachelors’ party,” Kylo apologized, tracing the patterns of the quilt with the tips of his fingers. Hux flipped onto his side, propping his head up with his elbow. He looked at Kylo, searching his expression for sarcasticness. Kylo looked back at him innocently, genuine in his apology. Hux rolled his eyes. “Please,” he flopped back down onto the bed, “I’d much rather be here with you,” Kylo didn’t realize he had begun to cry until he tasted the tears. Hurriedly, he wiped them away, cursed the alcohol for his emotional outburst. Perhaps, he hoped, Hux wouldn’t noticed. Hux did, however, catch on fairly quickly. He rolled onto his stomach, pushing himself up to get a better look at Kylo. Kylo simply looked away, holding his breath to prevent the trembling sobs that threatened to rack his body. “Kylo?” Hux inquired softly, reaching out to touch his damp cheek, “What happened? What’s wrong?” Kylo shook his head, offering a shaky laugh instead. He tried to play it off like it was simply due to being tired, or the vodka, or anything but the way his chest lurched at the feeling of Hux’s fingertips on him. “Hey,” Hux whispered softly, “Talk to me, would you?” Kylo reached up, covering Hux’s hand delicately with his own. He wished, for once, that his face was easier to read. He wished that his eyes might tell Hux everything he was too afraid to say aloud. He wondered how he hadn’t been discovered yet. “You’re even better than I remembered,” Kylo murmured. Hux pulled back slightly, like everything was clicking into place. Kylo felt his heart fall as the obvious shift in Hux’s mood. He watched his eyes dart around the room, falling anywhere but upon Kylo. “Stop,” Hux demanded flatly. “Stop what?” Kylo tried to laugh it off, and Hux yanked his hand back. They sat in silence for a moment, Hux staring at the wall and Kylo staring at Hux. The excuses racked up in his head, trying to find an explanation for the interaction. The more he tried to cover his feelings up, the less he wanted to. “I still love you,” Kylo admitted, voice barely audible. “Kylo,” Hux warned, “Stop,” Kylo shook his head, sitting up. The room was still spinning slightly, and he briefly wondered if he would regret this in the morning. No, he decided, this was what sober Kylo had been on the verge of doing all week. “You need to know,” Kylo breathed, “How I feel about you Hux. I love-” “You never loved me to begin with,” Hux cut him off, “Stop talking,” Kylo felt like he had been slapped across the face. He sat, stunned, in silence. Hux didn’t acknowledge him, just looked over his nails from his spot on the edge of the bed. Kylo tried to remember when he had moved so far away. “I did love you,” Kylo whispered, “I do love you,” “Well that’s unfortunate, because I don’t feel the same way,” Hux snapped, “And I never did,” Kylo felt his eyes well with tears, trying to process the words. No matter how many times he heard it, he still couldn’t believe it. He had experienced their relationship firsthand, he knew that Hux had feelings for him. It couldn’t have all been in his head. “Why are you doing this,” Kylo gasped out, “Why are you lying?” Hux laughed bitterly, shaking his head as he stood up. Kylo reached out for him, and Hux smacked his hand away. Recoiling, Kylo watched the man he considered to be the love of his life walk towards the door. It hurt no less than the last time. Hux’s hand fit around the doorknob, but he didn’t turn it immediately. His back was facing Kylo, and the picture before him was so familiar Kylo couldn’t breathe. “Hux,” he rasped out, “Please, just-” “You’re drunk,” Hux interjected. “I mean it,” Kylo whimpered, “I love you,” Hux paused, and for half a beat Kylo thought he might turn around and come back to him. Perhaps it would be the ending they didn’t get the first time, where Kylo was honest and Hux didn’t leave. He thought about tangled limbs, falling asleep wrapped up within each other. Cooking breakfast alongside each other as the sun rose. Dancing beneath the stars to cheesy love songs they were too caught up in to make fun of. Loving each other right. Making up for lost time. Hux walked out. Kylo sobbed into his pillow as the door clicked behind him. Notes: ok so ik this leaves off on a rough note but disclaimer! it might be a little while before I update again, as I resume school this week. i tried to get as much out as possible the last few days, so thank you to everyone that has been keeping up with it and leaving such sweet comments. you guys really motivated me into writing these chapters!!! hopefully i'll get the next one up soon, a.k.a. THE WEDDING!!!