Life is Soothing Monsters Life is Soothing Monsters The scent of death was a curious thing in that it possessed an assortment of aromas depending upon the cause. The hazel-eyed girl well knew what a decaying corpse would smell like after an hour under the hot sun of Jakku; not often did the corpse reach a point where it remained for more than a day—scavengers picked the meet off the bone. Her lips threatened to quirk upwards at the irony in the name. Scavenger. She, too, had once been a Jakku scavenger, picking from the skeletons of ships. She had taken all that she could to survive the harsh planet. And here she was met with a new form of death, a new smell. This she had briefly explored during many a battle. The burning flesh, some of which had belonged to creatures not quite dead. In this case, the victims had long since perished. Her eyes darted to the man she was to call Master. The Master of the Knights of Ren. A curious title, a curious man—a man she had at one point despised. In certain respects, she would perhaps always hate a part of him. It had been chance that had placed them in a position such as this. Each on the opposite side in this war, and the Force had brought them together. There was no other explanation for it, the way they had been isolated on this planet together with little chance at finding an escape soon. They likely would have pursued one another in a battle to the death—not due to any personal hatred; this was war—and yet had discovered nigh immediately that the beasts on this planet sought out those who could wield the Force. They teased the air with their tongues, scenting both Rey and Kylo. Ironic, that the man who had once thrown her against a tree to knock her out would shove her against one to prevent her neck from being maimed by the teeth that had sought her life. A planet as green as the one she was on could be just as savage as the harsh world of Jakku. Rey lifted the edge of the torn shawl over the lower half of her face. The smoke was irritating her more than the stench of the roasting creature. Inedible; Kylo Ren and the Jakku female had already tried to sink their teeth into the cooked meat in the past. The smell, though, never failed to draw forth smaller prey—edible prey. It made the hunt all too easy, which allowed for the two Force users to conserve their strength so that they could survive future encounters with predators. The young woman sniffled, watching Ren in her peripheral as she always did. He was helping to keep her alive, teaching her how to harness the Force in a manner that would not get her killed on this planet. In that respect was he her Master. In all other manners, she was her own Queen. An island. The island he had seen in her head, that had been her. So alone, she had imagined herself as an island. There she could create company, creatures and beauty that would not leave her. When he had dared touch upon that aspect, when he had ventured so boldly to speak aloud her insecurities, Rey had lashed out and struck him in turn. She supposed she had never thanked him for helping to awaken her latent Force abilities. Rey narrowed her eyes, focusing fully on the burning flesh therein. “I can survive on my own.” Beside her, Kylo Ren merely tilted his head to the side and eyed her as though she was nothing more than a petulant child. Suddenly that was precisely how she felt. Rey felt her toes curling in her shoes. The muscles in her arms twitched. “Calling you Master —it’s demeaning.” If you asked her, it was only circumstance that had led him to being superior in their situation; a different environment would have seen him following her lead. “I wonder if this planet has affected your memory,” the man drawled lazily, his chin rising a fraction of an inch. “My only demand was for you to refrain from referring to me as creature .” Or monster, her mind supplied. Rey felt heat rise into her cheeks. Perhaps she had been the one to instigate the change into Master . It was a nasty habit was all, she consoled herself. It carried over from the respect she held for Luke Skywalker, the man who had trained her. She had bonded with the older Force user; their history had been so similar that she could not help but think of the man as a predecessor of hers in more than just that Force. He was like family to her. A scoff from the man currently in her company informed her that she had been projecting. Rey cleared her mind, inhaling through her nose, holding her breath, and finally, slowly releasing air through her pursed lips. It would be suicidal to continue on that trail. “You’re desperate,” Ren chided. Rey felt herself smiling sardonically rather than being hurt. She could not help but wonder if Kylo Ren was insecure —that she was finding herself enjoying the family he had cast to the side. They, too, had developed feelings for her. She pressed her teeth down on her tongue to prevent herself from teasing him in return. Kylo Ren was a moody individual, his level of self-control a fluctuating storm. A pop from the fire, and she lowered herself into a crouch. Her arms went around her legs. All of her training had taught her to cast out her mind to sense others—and here she was constantly reminding herself to not. Tap as little into the Force as possible. Kylo Ren and Rey were forced to endure one another’s company to keep themselves grounded. And when he was not busying himself with chastising her existence, with teasing her or attempting to display his delusions of superiority, Kylo Ren would tap out a rhythm against his thigh with the tips of his fingers. Five nights with him, and already Rey had the song memorized. Or, the beat at least. She had once caught him mouthing the words, and so recognized it to be a lullaby. Her right index finger slid against the left, back and forth, and at last up and down. She, too, played the song; one she had never heard in full. The smell of death intensified the following half hour, though this time Rey felt her stomach awakening. These victims of death she could eat. Her tongue flicked out along her lips, and she rose. Ren glowered in her direction. She never quite understood why he insisted on feeding her; she could well cook if he would let her. The age difference? she idly wondered, her teeth worrying at her bottom lip. Her hands went to her hair, which was pulled into a single, high bun. It kept it off her neck best, which was refreshing during the day’s humidity. One of her other elastic bands had gone to Ren, whose hair was pulled back into a ponytail. “I could get more water.” As she spoke, Rey gestured towards the canister that was filled with said fluids. It needed to be purified, and she was more than willing to start the process. Kylo absently nodded. Thankful for something to busy herself with, to keep herself in the moment other than watching the man who was ultimately her enemy, Rey immediately set herself to the task. If the Resistance comes…he’ll be killed, she noted. Her fingernails drummed along the rim of the canister. Or I will be put to death if his allies find us. She shuddered at the next thought: But if neither come… Will we both die? After the pair had their fill of food and drink, Ren gestured towards a soft surface in the grass. “It’s your turn.” To sleep, though those final two words had no need of being uttered. The very first time they had faced this, it had been a true test of trust. Neither had slept initially, until at last each had passed out from exhaustion—and had been attacked. Rey was certain the wound on her thigh was going to scar, and the scratch along Ren’s biceps would act similarly. Even then, Ren had insisted on acting almost gentlemanly, allowing Rey to first sleep. She had taken second watch, as she would this time as well. She curled her arm underneath her head. Sleep did not immediately overtake her; those hazel eyes roamed along Ren’s body. To think at one point she had believed him to be the greatest, most merciless predator of all. Thankfully he isn’t a cannibal. Her mind returned to the deaths on Jakku, to the sorts of scavengers she had never been. Picking meat off the bones of the fallen life forms. She could not recall having seen a cannibal in life—but, oh, how she had had such night terrors of them. It had made the nigh-impossible task of trusting others all the more improbable. Rey slid her eyes closed at last—and she imagined it, her island. Even though she was no longer alone, it was one thing that soothed her, much as Ren’s lullaby comforted his savage beast. Chapter 2 : Shadows of Night Notes: This fic SHOULD be updated every Tuesday. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Shadows of Night Her dreams consisted of disjointed portions of the first night she had spent on this planet. The glow of a red ligthsaber, its blade meeting her own. She felt herself being pushed back—and then the force that had been pressing her relented and instead she was slammed into a tree by a body larger than her own. The flash of fur in her peripheral had the hairs of her arm standing on end. Rather than continue with that train of memory, her subconscious had chosen instead to supply her with scenes from Jakku. Meat picked from bone; a meager meal that she had to remind herself to not inhale all at once. Rey learned to savor what little food she received from her salvages. Cries of anguish rang through her head the next moment, and Rey felt herself stirring. She hummed, turned over, and curled into an even tighter ball. Without having fully awoken, the former scavenger was easily able to fall back into a state of unconsciousness. Her dream returned to the attack from that black-furred creature. A vornskr, Ren had hissed under his breath. The man, her foe, had then angled his body in front of hers, catching the clawed paw on the edge of his blade. The smell of singed fur and burning muscle assaulted Rey’s nostrils. This caused her to wake in full. Her eyes remained closed despite this fact, and Rey blew a puff of air through pursed lips. She took the edge of her sleeve to wipe her forehead. Her attire, dirtied from her time on the planet, was similar in style to what she had worn when she had first sought out Luke Skywalker. Her boots covered her ankles, a small gap between them and the edges of her bottoms. Belts looped along her left leg—she had lost the small knife she had previously stored there. The creature she had wounded—something Kylo Ren had referred to as a Nighthunter—had survived her attack, fleeing with her blade still in its flesh. Her top was covered by a light-colored shirt, which dipped low in the front, prompting her to wear a dark undershirt to keep her dignity. The detached sleeves, which covered her hands save for her fingers, were something that brought her comfort in that they were similar to her outfit from Jakku. It was the shawl that was the newest addition. Lightweight, and easy to wrap around her head or the lower part of her face depending upon the terrain on which she battled. This had been gifted to her by her mentor, the uncle of the man who was presently watching her. Like Rey, Kylo Ren’s clothing had also changed since their first meeting. The coloring, however, had not changed: he wore black throughout. His boots and gloves were perhaps the same ones he had worn on their first meeting, though Rey could not be entirely certain without asking him—and she refused to attempt anything so personal, reminding herself that he was her enemy despite the situation into which they had been thrust. The remainder of his attire reminded her of a dark prince; a cape, the hood of which he hardly ever wore, black pants that were tucked into his boots, and a shirt that sank a little past his hips. His lightsaber remained affixed to his belt. Rey’s eyes were drawn there. That blade, she thought; she had dreamed about it countless times. Had fought against it perhaps just as many. No matter what garments Kylo Ren cloaked himself in, he would always remain the same to her: an enemy of the Resistance. This thought caused her tongue to withdraw further into her mouth, and she fought off the urge to gag. It was cruel; this man was the son to Leia Organa, nephew to Luke Skywalker—son of Han Solo, whom the man had killed. Yet it was not this man, whom she had once considered no more than a monster, nor the vornskr nor the nighthunter that Rey truly feared. It was the creature that had slaughtered the Resistance fighters and the First Order officers and stormtroopers while she and Ren had been engaged in battle. That creature Kylo Ren had no name for. When they had been attacked that first night, it had been such a being that had attempted to kill them. Its characteristics were a hybrid of the vornskr and nighthunter, and perhaps that was exactly what the thing was. The mixture of black fur and red flesh was a sight she always feared she would awaken to; she feared that she would be roused from slumber at the sensation of being eaten. “Cold?” Rey startled from her thoughts at the sound of Kylo Ren’s voice. Her eyes darted to his face then lowered to the edge of his cape. It would be useful as a blanket, she mused. And yet it would likely smell like its owner. Stubbornly, the brunette shook her head. “You can sleep for a little longer.” Rey did not respond verbally to the man, opting instead to give a quick nod and lie back. She stared up at the sky, or what bit of it that she was able to see through the trees. The nameless creatures that she so feared possessed the nighthunters’ ability to cloak themselves, which was why both Ren and Rey found it imperative that a fire be kept alive during the night. The creatures shied away from them, having learned that their shadows were easily visible by the light of the flames. This learning capability from the creatures unnerved Rey; she disliked predators that could adapt so easily, as they were too much of a threat to her—especially since they had an advantage in numbers. She felt the muscles in her legs tense the more she thought of these creatures; her flight or fight instincts nudging her towards the idea of fleeing continuously. Rey reminded herself to relax again. She took several breaths to calm herself, all the while her eyes searched the stars above. She was not even supposed to be there. Rey had been on a mission for the Resistance, the shuttle transporting her small so as to attract less attention from the First Order. Had Kylo Ren not been aboard, they likely would not have been spotted. And yet he had been able to sense her, thus initiating an attack on her ship. Before a communications could be sent to the Resistance to tell of their current predicament, they had been forced to crash land on the planet. Their systems were shot, both literally and figuratively. Having returned fire, they had managed to damage Ren’s shuttle as well. It would still have been able to fly had it not been for the subsequent damage it obtained when the creatures had sought the lives of Ren’s crew. In this, Rey blamed her current situation entirely on Ren. His ability to sense her—his wielding of the Force—had placed the both of them on this maker-forsaken planet. Her nostrils flared, and Rey ground her teeth together as she held in a scream of frustration. This place was far worse than Jakku. That desert planet she had known for the majority of her life. While harsh, it had been manageable for her, even if only barely. ~*~ Kylo Ren remained perfectly silent as he watched the girl. Though he had informed her that she had time left still to rest, she appeared to instead be preoccupied with fuming. She was nearly projecting, the anger displayed in her facial expressions palpable. Even without knowing her thoughts, Kylo Ren knew that her anger was directed at him . Likely, she was blaming him for their current situation. This assessment would not be entirely false, he conceded, in that he had launched the attack. Only a fool would have allowed her to go unscathed. They were playing their respective parts in this war—this thought was cut off, his brows furrowing as he realized once more he was, in part, relying upon his enemy to increase the odds of his own survival. He could not say what, exactly, had prompted him to save her the first time—he had not been aware that his entire crew had been slaughtered, though he had sensed a number of their deaths. The girl had tentatively followed him towards his shuttle, where they had seen the carnage and the wreckage of his ship. It was then that Kylo had turned to Rey, each of them scowling at one another as realization dawned upon them. There was no means of communicating with their allies, no rescue in sight. Rey released a growl, the girl turning over onto her side so that her back was to him. Kylo Ren felt his brow furrowing, his lips pinching together and pursing forward in slight annoyance. If the former scavenger allowed her anger to get the better of her, she truly would project—and quite possibly draw both vornskr and the as of yet unnamed creatures to their location. The nighthunters, true to their name, were nocturnal; yet they had attacked the two Force users only twice, and one of those occasions occurred solely because Rey and Ren had ventured too far into the others’ territory. There was easier game for the nighthunters, smaller creatures that the two humans also consumed when they could catch them. Ren set his fingers against the hilt of his lightsaber, tapping twice on the metal with his gloved hand and then lowering his limb down to his thigh. He was disciplined enough to not use the Force to look for the creatures. Relying solely upon his hearing and eyesight, he found himself often reaching for his blade. There were times he discovered that Rey’s movements also offered up similar reactions from him; his hand would hover inches from the lightsaber before he caught himself. The girl eyed him with mistrust when she managed to catch these actions, however she did not go for her blade. Instead he would feel the Force building within her, as though she was readying herself to shove away his body with that power. His predictions regarding her strength had been precise; she was stronger than she had known, and training with Skywalker had helped her to harness much of that raw power. She sat up, and Ren found his hand shifting back towards his belt, to the weapon thereupon. “You can rest,” she said. Her tone offered no room for argument. Kylo Ren knew better than to do so at any rate; he knew his body enough to be aware that he needed time to sleep. Blades of grass bent under his feet as he stepped nearer to where she had previously slept. The girl was already rounding the fire in order to take his former position; it offered the best vantage point in their small campsite. “Do you need to relieve yourself first?” Despite having grown up on Jakku, Ren noted that the former scavenger’s bronzed skin could not fully hide the blush that developed in her cheeks. Her gaze flicked over to him, and her lips parted slightly. He waited there for more than four seconds before at last the girl nodded. Ren remained standing while she disappeared behind a line of bushes—not completely out of sight; he could see the top of her head. For both of them, this arrangement had provided a level of awkwardness, and yet it was the only failsafe way to know that neither of them was being attacked while going to the bathroom. When she rose to her full height, Rey looked over her shoulder at Ren. He lowered his gaze to the ground, realizing that he had not needed to stare directly at her; it would have been more modest of him to watch her in his peripheral. He would not admit aloud his mistake, however; his pride was too much. Kylo Ren entertained a small portion of bitterness towards the girl he was temporarily aligned with due to the moments she had wounded that pride. An untrained girl, besting him in a fight on Starkiller base. The first insult had been the moment she had invaded his head. A snarl broke out across his face at that memory. Ren easily regained control over himself, bringing his mind to the present. He lowered into a crouch, sliding into a more comfortable position half a beat later so that he could rest. ~*~ Rey felt the hairs on the back of her neck stand on end at the sight of Ren’s snarl. Goosebumps pimpled along her flesh, and the indignation she had felt over him watching her urinate—though he had not truly seen her—faded away. Fear and anger both had a way of doing that; wiping away anything else one might feel. It was why, on their first meeting, Rey had not initially felt any interest in the man. She had been afraid at first, though that had quickly given into anger. Even the surprise she had felt when he had unmasked himself had almost immediately given way to her frustration. This had allowed her to fight him off when he had been inside her head. Now that they were not battling one another, but instead facing the elements of the planet, Rey had time to truly take in his appearance. She recalled her first impression of him; he had reminded her of someone she might have seen on Jakku. That was only the surface though. The longer she observed the man who was ten years her senior, the more Rey could see his parents in him. Han Solo with certain expressions, and General Leia Organa in other moments. Ultimately he was his own person, true; this she was reaffirmed about when his face twisted in confusion. His snarl, the one that had caused a minute amount of fear to bubble within Rey, was also unique though it did have traces of General Leia’s scorn. The former scavenger had not observed such an expression from Han Solo before he had been murdered; and thus she saw none of Kylo Ren’s father in him when he displayed such ire. It was ironic, even, that his irritable moods did unnerve her while his expressions, in their similarities to his mother, had an almost homey feel to them. Rey tore her gaze away from the man, looking instead nearer the fire. One shadow stood out among the rest. Her heart stuttered in her chest, her hand flying to the weapon at her hip. The shadow moved in retreat, the creature, which was still cloaked, having realized it had been seen. She swore in her head, her nostrils flaring again as she huffed in minor frustration. She had allowed her own thoughts to distract her—thoughts about Ren of all things. He was not his mother, she hissed in her head. He was not his father, Rey told herself, and she closed her eyes to briefly relive that time with Han Solo. Upon reopening her eyes, she saw that the creature’s shadow had disappeared entirely. The hazel-eyed woman cocked her head to the side to better listen. She could hear breathing, clawed paws upon the ground. Those claws scraped along loosened rocks and dragged along upraised roots of the trees. The creatures—she could tell that there were multiple based on sound alone—were circling them. Waiting for an opening. “Ren?” “I hear them too,” the other Force user returned. He shifted, propping himself up and then rolling upwards further into a sitting position. Rey spared him a quick glance, seeing that he was ready to spring into action at any moment. Did I bring them here? Rey wondered, though she refused to ask the question aloud. She need not have at any rate; Kylo Ren had already turned his head to look at her. “You were not projecting this time.” This time. That he added this portion stung more than Rey would admit. Her control over the Force, over her powers, was nothing in comparison to what Ren was able to do. He had had his whole life to learn how to control the Force, whereas she had not learned of her powers until she was nineteen years old. The fact that her ignorance of the creatures in general had lead them to their camp—Rey felt it unfair that Kylo Ren would not allow this fact to let slide. “We wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for you ,” she cut back, allowing her frustration to show. Ren’s eyes narrowed as he took her in. “Fair enough,” he said after a few seconds more. Rey startled, her eyes widening and head whipping to the side so that she could stare at the man in surprise. “Dwelling on the past will only cause us to falter. There are three of them—kill the one closest to yourself.” His hand was on his blade, which he removed from his hip before activating it. The red blade ignited simultaneous to when Rey was grabbing her own lightsaber. She pirouetted towards the left, her risen foot narrowly avoiding the claw that invisibly dug into the ground. Her blade arced downwards, cutting through the creatures neck—or at least through part of it. Rey thrust herself backwards, hissing in displeasure while keeping her eyes glued to the ground so that she was able to observe the creature’s shadow. In unison with the girl’s actions, Ren completed several attacks of his own. She could hear him moving, the man suddenly coming nearer to her; this was why she did not so much as flinch when his back collided with her. “Where’s the third one?” she asked, trying to listen. The creature she had been battling and the opponent Ren faced each released growls Rey swears is cackling. Kylo Ren cursed under his breath without answering her. Likely he was attempting to learn that information for himself. “These are the hybrids, aren’t they?” “Mm,” he hummed out in affirmation. Rey glowered at the shadow of her opponent. Nighthunters were much easier for them to take down. These hybrids learned too quickly. Rey hated that they were given time to watch the pair of them; at the same time, she was thankful they had not chosen to attack when she was urinating. Small mercies. “Don’t strike me.” “Wha—ah!” Her question was cut off as she found herself flipped over Ren’s shoulder, the man turning her completely so that she is able to land on her feet—and the hybrid impaled on her outstretched blade was now visible, indicating its death. Rey turned her head and looked over her shoulder. Sure enough, Ren was in a crouch, his own blade piercing the chest of the creature she had previously faced. Her eyes quickly abandoned her temporary ally in favor of seeking out the final hybrid. “It left.” For some reason that terrified Rey more than if it had remained to attack them. She imagined the thing running off to communicate with beings like itself, telling them of the attack. What truly unnerved her was that she was unaware of how likely or unlikely that was. “I am going to rest while it’s still possible.” Rey does not answer him. Her eyes shifted to Kylo, and they followed his every move as he returned to his former position. He looked her way this time. “You’re still light.” Again, her Jakku-kissed flesh did not hide the flush that rises in her cheeks. Notes: Some doodles: Rey and Ren's outfits-- http://elmiredolores.tumblr.com/post/155971718801/rey-and-kylo-doodle-their-outfits-in-prick-a Hybrid-- http://elmiredolores.tumblr.com/post/155693898941/my-vornskr-nighthunter-hybrid-for-prick-a Chapter 3 : The First Lullaby Notes: This chapter is actually a little shorter than I intended it to be due to health reasons. But I wanted to get my updates done today, so...here it is! The First Lullaby Rey did not object to the fact that she was made to drag the bodies of the deceased creatures to the fire on her own. Kylo Ren’s breathing was level as she worked. It gave her something more to do; this, coupled with the fact that the stench of their burning bodies would deter others from attempting to do the same, had a sort of calming effect on her. On Jakku, keeping busy had always assisted in making the time fly. Rey was quite ready for day. The creatures, when they did attack, came in smaller numbers than at night. This was the reasoning that their plan was to head for her shuttle. Or what was left of it. The wreckage potentially held rations and other equipment they could use. The more days that passed by, the more Rey and Kylo Ren knew how much these possibilities far outweighed the risks of the journey. They needed to survive—but, more than that, they needed to get in contact with any vessels passing over the planet. Their avoidance of the wreckage and the creatures therein could not continue if they wished to ever leave this planet. The former scavenger let her eyes drift to the slumbering Force user. There were times when she wondered what would have happened had she never been dragged into the battle. If BB-8 had slipped by without her knowledge, or if she had sold the droid to Unkar. It was likely that she would still be wasting away on Jakku rather than flourishing into the young woman she had become. Ren’s destruction of that Jakku village had ultimately led to this. He had set in motion the string of events that had led to him unlocking her Force abilities. Be that as it may, he will never be my Master, she thought, jerking away her eyes. Rey repositioned the shawl she wore, placing it over her nose and mouth to block out the smoke. I’m not indebted to him at all… When this is done….when this is over… She furrowed her brow, thinking What? as a response to each of those trails. Relying upon Kylo Ren in the same manner that he was reliant upon her under these circumstances had altered the relationship between them. Temporary allies. She had had such relations on Jakku. Those had always ended badly for her. A ship stolen… It would have fed her for months had she been able to sell it to Unkar. The memory of what had occurred still stung despite that she was now away from Jakku. Rey passed the time by mulling over the what if’s that had comprised her life. Dawn broke through, and her current companion roused from his sleep. Kylo Ren left her side to relieve his bladder, and the young woman found herself jealous of a man’s ability to simply face away for a semblance of modesty. She kept her eyes on her surroundings, listening—and ultimately hearing the trickling stream of his urine. Her face flushed. “Here.” Though she had heard his footsteps and felt his approach, she startled nonetheless at the sound of his voice. Her attention whipped from his face down to his hand, which was extended towards her. In his palm was a bug. “They’re safe to eat.” She knew better than to snub her nose at the protein. Rey pinched the wriggling insect betwixt two fingers and lifted it to her mouth. She chewed immediately to stop its movements and then swallowed. “Are you prepared to face them?” For some reason, her mind conjured up the memory of Han Solo handing her the blaster. Rey stared blankly at Kylo Ren. Why was it that the son had such a likeness to the father he had murdered? Rey wet her lips with her tongue, nodding twice. “Yes.” She did not need anyone to hold her hand, to coddle her. Yet she said nothing, knowing full well that the only response she would receive would have been a smirk from Kylo Ren. Likewise, she did not object when Ren took lead. She walked behind him, her eyes in constant motion. It was with great effort on both of their parts that neither reached out with the Force to sense for the creatures. Kylo distracted himself once more by tapping out the same rhythm, the same song. Rey’s head bobbed to the beat. Her mind offered her an assortment of words that could fit into a song, and yet nothing satisfied her entirely. She squinted at the back of Kylo’s head whilst resisting the urge to request that he tell her outright what the song was. She doubted he would humor her in this. If it’s a lullaby…did his mother sing it to him? She thought of General Leia’s face. A strong yet kind woman who could be as fierce as the creatures they were attempting to avoid. Rey’s shoulders slumped. She could not recall her own mother’s voice; had she ever been sung to? Her memories were solely of Jakku, of the nights she imagined herself on an island in order to escape into sleep. She had made herself a doll out of scrap material. This she had clung onto when she had been younger. As she grew, Rey had taken to setting the doll at her bedside but failed to clutch it. Instead she had kept her staff within reach in case she would need it. The sight of her ship jerked the woman back to the present. She leaned against the closest tree while scanning the open ramp. Kylo Ren stood opposite her. His hand was hovering near his lightsaber. In this respect, he was more ready than she was. Rey remedied this, wrapping her fingers around the hilt of her blade. “They may be hunting. A small window…” “You sound unsure.” This very fact had Rey’s fingers twitching against the metal of her weapon. “A trap. The creatures are intelligent. Blocking us off once we are inside…limiting our moves.” “I’m smaller in that case.” Kylo’s head jerked her way. His expression revealed nothing for once; or else he was truly conflicted over the fact that Rey was volunteering to go inside. To trust Ren to protect her and prevent her from being trapped. “I’m also more familiar with the ship…where everything is stored.” Ren reached up, unlatching his cape and tying it into a makeshift knapsack. He handed this to Rey, who accepted the object without complaint or hesitation. She slung it over her shoulder and began to walk to the shuttle before anything else could be said. They were either on a time restraint or else truly walking into a trap. In either case, Rey wanted things to come to their conclusion. Rey did not often feel fear; she had as a child, and yet the dangers of Jakku had eventually numbed her to a number of situations. Anticipation. Nervousness. She felt those rather frequently, especially since she had been on this planet. Fear managed to creep up into her being now. The hairs on the back of her neck and on her arm stood on end. Her heart hammered in her chest. Death. That was one thing she faced here—death from creatures she had known ever existed. Creatures that were rather like the nightmares she had had as a child. To thing I called Ren a monster once… He was like a tame tooka in comparison. Or, at least, such thoughts promised to drown out the fear. She could not lose her resolve. Rey’s boots echoed on the metal as she walked up the ramp. The interior of the shuttle was in shambles. Claw marks. Grime from the creatures. It stank of urine. Rey felt her lips curling upwards in disgust. Her teeth were bared, and she was thankful for the shawl she used to cover her nose. She adjusted the makeshift knapsack then moved to where the rations were kept. The compartment opened with a hiss. They left this alone… Both of Rey’s hand were busily stuffing the food into the sack. She looked over her shoulder from time to time, taking comfort in that she could see Ren standing there. Never thought I would feel that way about him . She soon shifted to the control panel. Her eyes scanned over all of the electronics. Most were maimed by the creatures and the crash the shuttle had endured. The systems were still shot; miraculous reparations were not on the horizon. She lowered into a crouch, grabbing at parts she knew were salvageable. There weren’t many, however that did not stop Rey from targeting components she knew would be usable in building a comms device. The sound of a lightsaber igniting caused her to jump in place. The top of her head thunked against the control panel. Rey rubbed the area, swinging around and leaping to her feet. She twisted the knapsack closed, grabbing the med kit that was on the wall on her way out. Her feet were clattering on the ramp then sliding as she turned halfway to the side. She made it to the ground before the first creature was impaled on Ren’s blade. Vornskr. Strangely enough, Rey found comfort in seeing that neither the nighthunters nor the hybrids were present. Nothing invisible. Rey activated her blade, slashing through the first creature that swiped its paw at her. It yowled in pain, working its way backwards with one less claw. Rey worked her way to Ren’s side, the two angling their bodies so that they kept one another in their peripheral. “At least these ones are easy.” Ren grunted, twirling his blade in a circle, which caused two of the nearest vornskr to cower back. Their ears were flat against their skulls and they were snarling. “I may have missed a few items—thought we were dealing with the others.” “Don’t drop anything.” Always lecturing her, as though she were some child. Rey wondered if this had more to do with their age difference, or if Kylo Ren simply thought himself superior to most. A combination, her mind supplied as she dodged to the left to avoid teeth. She slashed upwards, catching the animal in the jaw. Rey caught Ren in the back with her elbow, though not enough to jar him. “An annoyed child.” Her scowl deepened, yet she failed to rise to the bait. The creatures backed away when two more of their own were killed. Kylo Ren and Rey worked their way back to the line of trees, abandoning the wreckage for good this time. They stopped only when they were certain the vornskr had failed to follow after. Rey set the knapsack on the ground, squatting and grabbing up a ration bar for herself. Kylo Ren mimicked her moves. His foot was in constant motion, his toes hitting on the ground in the ever-familiar beat. Rey wondered what it was like; to have a song stuck in your head—a song that you knew the lyrics to. He was the reason the rhythm was in her head. “When did you first hear it? That song…is it something from the First Order?” Ren’s foot stopped. He cocked his head to the side and stared at her in full. His eyes roamed her face. “You won’t stop—it’s in my head.” All of her frustrations were mounting, a tinge of desperation in her voice. “What is it?” “I’ll stop.” Rey sat there with a bar in her hand; the young woman made no move to eat. Kylo Ren acted differently. He ate bite after bite of the bar he had grabbed. It is a lullaby… It can’t be anything else. His mother or father… “There was never much music on Jakku.” It was Ren’s turn to pause. The last portion of his bar was mere inches from his mouth. Rey tore open the wrapper of hers. “It wasn’t the First Order.” His straight answer caused Rey’s stomach to swoop. She had spent years watching families, imagining what it would be like to live with hers. And then Kylo Ren’s discarded family had started to fill in the holes of her life. Despite this, no one had ever sang to her—not that she could remember. It comforted her that the first lullaby she was hearing was not from the enemy. Not originally. Maybe not at all. That candid thought stole her breath away. Notes: I am definitely open to constructive criticism. I feel a little out of my element, as I don't often write canon/canon anymore. Thanks for reading.