“--and therefore, if we continue this trend, we should have a 10% decrease of spacial debris around our area by next month.” Excited murmurs ripple through the meeting room, creatures and people glance at each other happily, over space rocks. They're this excited. This is obviously important, he can't get into it. Nobody would notice if he just….pulled out his phone, right? He keeps his hands low underneath the table and leans back in his chair, looking up occasionally to seem like he's still listening. hey Finny wat u doin Finn's response pops up quickly. Nothing important. Perfect. ok just wonderin What are you doing? In a meetin.. bored u should send Some pics hold me off till I get back ;) he adds the winkey face for emphasis. Sure. A little...unenthusiastic, but that's okay. A few minutes pass and the little dots pop up to show that Finn is still typing. Today should be his off day, so maybe he's in their room, laying in bed--buck naked-- The speaker glances in his direction and he jerks his head quickly in a nod. Almost got caught there. Poe tries to make himself at least look interested. He may be bored and kind of horny, but that's no excuse to be rude. His phone vibrates with a notification He opens the message to a picture of a huge tree, angled up towards the sky. the top of the tree’s roots are still visible, like Finn positioned himself purposefully to take the picture Poe starts typing: ? but stops when the dots come back up In comes another picture of what looks like the same tree, but lower, with BB8 settled near the roots looking directly into the camera. the corner of the picture shows Finn’s hand, thumb stuck out, pointing up. over by the tree, BB8 mirrors him with its own flame Do you like these pictures? I'm walking with BB8. He stares at the phone, the noise of the presentation far in the back of his mind. yea I love em send some more Notes: so there are actual phones in canon star wars and I feel like Finn would text properly, like with correct grammar and punctuation and Poe would text with unnecessary ellipses and weirdly placed capital letters\ the title is from an outkast song lmao I couldn't think of a title!