Monstrous Disorientated, you wake up inside your tent to the sound of a shrill scream. In a hurry, you unzip your tent, peering out into the destruction that is your makeshift campsite. Looking around yours and your family’s tents, there’s fire. You have no idea how you could possibly survive - not to be dramatic - but you were surrounded by your inevitable death. The beautiful nature that you had come to Takodana to see was being destroyed by some mystery bad guys that had yet to show themselves. Then again, why would they ever come near you? Given that you’re basically in the middle of a fire pit just waiting to burn. You were probably just an unfortunate victim that got caught up in someone else’s business. You duck back into your tent, pinching yourself – rather hard, you might add – just to make sure that what’s happening isn’t some messed up nightmare as a result of eating too much ice cream before bed. Taking three deep breaths, you ready yourself for your act of bravery, a very stupid act, but brave nonetheless. Completely unzipping your tent, you run outside and to the one next to yours – your parent’s tent. -Please be okay, please be okay, please be okay, please be okay – Feeling the squelching on the sloppy mud under your bare feet, you cringe as you feel the mud lodging itself between your toes. Peeling back the already open tent door, -Please be okay, please be okay, please be okay, please be okay – The tent was empty. Why is it empty? Running to your sister’s tent – the one that’s on the other side of yours – you hope for the best. Pulling back the navy blue nylon, your heart sinks. It’s empty. What? Did they just leave without you? Was your sleeping self too much of a hassle to wake up so they decided not to? Maybe them leaving you behind wasn’t their choice... Looking back over at your parent’s tent, comparing it with that of your sister’s, quickly scanning the area; you see no signs of struggle. You know the truth – the gut wrenching, absolutely heart breaking truth – they willingly left without you. Doubling over onto the shaking ground, you were left to die, completely stranded. Your body violently shakes as a flood of tears erupt from your eyes. Sobs leave your mouth at an embarrassingly loud level, not that that it matters, you’ve been left for dead after all. To say you’re hurt would the understatement of the century. You feel betrayed. As your face lands in the wet mud, you feel it smear all over your forehead. -They left you to die, why would they do that? – You feel something flowing through you. Your anger and sadness completely consumes you. Your blood is boiling, and it’s not from the fire that’s getting closer to you by the second. You dig your hands into the ground - not giving a flying hoo-ha about the dirt collecting under your nails – you scream, trying your hardest to get the frustration out. You scream until your throat hurts, the anger you felt inside is unmoved. Red blaster bolts land on near your hands and body. Not caring about whether they hit you or not – not that they would, their aim’s a bit shit – you remain in place. Whether it’s by fire or blaster, you’re going to die either way. You felt two sets of hands pulling you to your feet. Eyes on the floor, you take in the sight of your very dirty feet. But who could care about that when the cold – and slightly trembling – hands of death were gripping your arms so tight? The only thing that you cared about right now was finding out what happened to your family, and how they have the audacity to leave you for dead in the middle of a forest. On the flip side, your family could be dead... just because they left their tents willingly does not mean they weren’t taken to a different location to be shot like animals. But that begs the question, what about you? Why were you specifically left? The thought of never seeing your family again makes your heart hurt and your body shake. “I can feel the anger radiating off you.” Looking up, you see... a lot of black cloth, and a helmet. His voice was robotic, metallic, deep, your genius self put the pieces of the puzzle together – it was the helmet. Briefly, you amused yourself with the notion that his real voice – the one without the silly helmet – was high pitched, like he’d just inhaled a hefty amount of helium. You feel something inside you head. It almost felt like an itch, an annoying little bug inside your brain, making itself at home in you limbic system. “You’re right, they did leave willingly.” Your eyes were wide open, your mouth slightly agape. He did this . “You did this! What did you do?” Every accusing word is filled with venom. If he has harmed them, so help me maker! He tilts his head slightly to the right, considering you. Starting to struggle against your human restraints, you wave your arms around like a crazy person; kick your legs, anything to get these barbarians off you. It comes as no surprise to you – and probably no surprise to Dr Doom Bucket over there – but your attempt at escaping did not work. Closing your eyes, you focus on your anger; you focus on every negative emotion running through your body. A strange experience, something you briefly felt earlier, you felt as though you could feel everything. Not on a physical level either. It was more like sensing, you could sense the things around you and the energy that they have within them. Call it a hidden talent, luck, adrenaline, but when you opened your eyes, you also opened a can of whoopass. Successfully separating yourself from your pesky restraints – something you hated calling them, by the way, but considering they were covered in armour you were starved for choice on acknowledging their exact species – you angrily stomped your way over to Dr Doom Bucket. Yes, you stomped, much like a child would when their favourite toy has been taken away from them. “What have you done to my family?!” You shout, pushing him backwards. Just by the quick push on his chest, you knew he took a step back on purpose; he was too strong for you to do any damage. “Tell m-” You were cut off by both literally and figuratively falling into blackness. . . . . . . . . You woke up in a strange room. It was dark, too dark to see any of the tiny details in the room. However, something you did know for certain, something dangerous is/was in this room. Slowly sitting up, you look around. Just behind you was something close to a platform – a special ‘viewing circle’ if you may. The main door slides open with a hiss, in come two people, one of whom was Dr Doom. The other man, the ginger one, he’s just about as tall, however he dresses significantly less dramatic than helmet head. “You’re awake,” his metallic voice sends shivers down your spine. “What did you do to my family?” your voice is surprisingly calm considering the ever-growing anger inside of you. When he didn’t answer you, you took matters into your own hands. Standing in front of him, you’d attempt to get in his face but you can’t, what, with the helmet and the shocking size difference. Instead, you try to push him back, it wasn’t as easy as the previous time – he must be acting tough in front of whoever the ginger guy is. “What did you do to them?” you repeat, your voice getting louder. “I have no time for this,” he says, pushing past you, he begins walking to the ‘special circle.’ With a running start, you jump on his back. “I know exactly how to kill you,” you threaten, your hands grabbing hold of his head on either side. “If you don’t tell me where they are, I’ll kill you.” You’re not sure whether it’s you imagining things, or whether the lack of objects within the room caused it, but those words echoed. I’ll kill you. The echoes were morphed to the point that you can’t even recognise your own voice. You sounded monstrous. Taking your mind away from the echoes, you realised he didn’t answer you. The anger taking control, you quickly snap his neck. The sound, the snap, the way his lifeless body falls to the floor, it replays over and over and over in your mind, each time the anger your feel dissipate; instead, it’s replaced with guilt. You’ve just take a life. How could you do that? Stumbling backwards, you fall no-so-gracefully to the floor, landing harshly on your behind. Hyperventilating, you cover your open mouth, you’re completely shocked. What have you done? You’re a murderer, that makes you no better than him. . . You jump as you wake. Rubbing your eyes, your hands are clammy, your dream playing over in your head. The voice. The snap. It’s all too much. Your anger got the best of you; it made you kill in cold blood. You’ll do anything to make sure things don’t reach that point. But will that be possible? One thing’s for sure, you need your family back. You’re afraid that if anything has, or will happen, to them will tip you over the edge. You’d be so full of anger and hatred that there’d be no going back. You have never in your life thought about killing anyone. Looking down at your body, you cringe, the pink bunny pyjamas – you’d lost a bet with your sister; it resulted in several pictures being taken of you wearing said ugly pyjamas. Tears started to well just thinking about your sister. The possibility of never seeing her again breaks your heart. Looking at the dried mud on your hands and feet, you’re in desperate need for a shower. You’re face is probably in a similar state, you remember pushing your forehead into the ground, you must look disgusting. The doors slide open, two men walk in; Mr Helmet Head and the ginger. You’re beginning to feel a strong sense of déjà vu. Everything is the same as your dream. Even down to the clothing, but how could you possibly dream the future? “You’re awake.” Not wishing a replay of your dream, you stay quiet. “That was an interesting dream.” He stands right in front of you; he clearly doesn’t care about entering people’s personal bubbles. How does he know? Your eyes widen with shock. Is it possible that he put that dream there? Can he do that? Or was that all you? Are you so angry with him that you somehow managed to dream the future? The whole ordeal is confusing to you. “You should know, I’m a lot harder to kill than that.” Oh, you don’t doubt that. Walking away from you, he heads over to the circle; however, his ginger friend stays behind, watching you. You really wish they’d at least allowed you the common courtesy of introducing themselves. It’s like they don’t know how to be good hosts. Well, captors. Standing on the ground with shaky feet, you watch Captain Edgelord’s actions very carefully as you slowly back-pedalled towards the wall. A very large – overcompensating – hologram appears. They person it shows isn’t exactly an appealing fellow, but he looks relatively scary. He could definitely do you some damage. Due to your not-so-subtle staring, Hux managed to sneakily make his way towards you without you noticing. Probably making sure you don’t run away. “Bring her to me,” the hologram orders. His voice is very gravelly. You’re not sure whether he’s doing it to be scary or whether he needs to clear his throat. The attention of both the helmet man and the hologram is on you. Quickly side-stepping, you stand behind the ginger. You attempt to make yourself as small as possible. Not that it was hard, what, standing behind this giant. A giant that smells lovely, you noted. The ginger steps out of the way, pushing you forward until you’re just about under the hologram. You have to crane your neck to look the scary dude in the eyes, you feel sorry for those that do this on a regular basis. He looks at you, he almost looks disgusted, but you’re not sure whether that’s just his natural face. He looks like a miserable bugger. “I can sense the darkside within you. You will be a great asset to the First Order,” he says. You’re almost tempted to tell him to just clear his damn throat already. “You are to say here and be trained by Kylo Ren,” he adds, slightly nodding towards the helmeted man to your right. Kylo Ren, his name is Kylo Ren. Sounds fake. What does he mean trained? Trained in what? It almost seems as if he’s filling in the blanks by telling you that he can sense the darkside within you, but it’s just filling you with more questions. You’re not sure how to ask a question, are you supposed to wait until he finished talking and speak freely, or can you raise your hand? Going with your gut instinct you slowly raise your arm. “Why am I here?” “Your fate will be revealed in due time.” Well, thanks a bunch that really clears things up. “I expect to see progress the next we meet. You are dismissed.” With that, the hologram disappears. To think, just yesterday you were camping with your family, having the time of your life with your loved ones. Now, you’re stuck somewhere with people who refuse to answer your questions. One way or another, you will get the answers you desire. You will escape. You will get your family back. Chapter 2 : Visions Summary: As soon as the words left his mouth you were ready to punch him. He cannot dictate what you do and don’t feel. Notes: This took so long because of health stuff and education stuff, won't take too long to update next time. Enjoy <3 (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Walking through the maze they call hallways, you reluctantly follow Kylo Ren and the ginger that has yet to introduce himself. Maybe you’re supposed to already know who they are since they’re the big, bad, and scary. Heck, even you, someone who has actively stayed as far away from politics as possible has heard whispers about the infamous Kylo Ren; and more specifically, the shit he’s pulled. Or rather, allegedly pulled. You’re sure what you’ve heard is true – the deep fear in the eyes of those who whisper is enough to make you believe – but you thought you’d give the poor guy the benefit of the doubt. I mean, he’s taken your family, possibly killed them, and now he has you in an unknown location, he deserved the benefit of the doubt, right? Hell no! As you walk through the hangar bay to what seem like living quarters, you made a mental note of your footsteps. Each hallway lacks something that makes it unique; it lacks an identification sign. Well, it has the room numbers, but that’s hardly a map to the nearest exit. The passing soldiers in white armour – you’re still unsure of their species – have the common courtesy to salute. That’s how you know you’re in the presence of the top dogs. That, and they obviously know their place, and their respect towards their superiors never wavers. They’re clearly well trained, unlike your very gothic hosts. At that, your helmeted host’s head turns so fast you wonder if he has whiplash. Standing in front of you, he stares you down. The uncomfortable silence feels; well, uncomfortable; that, along with his large form towering over you makes him very intimidating. “Ren.” The ginger barked. Kylo’s stare lingers a few seconds longer. You can feel his eyes burning holes in your skin. Without a word, Kylo turns and walk away, his black drapes whooshing around him. The ginger points in Kylo’s direction, a silent order for you to walk ahead of him. You hesitantly follow orders, giving him a wicked side eye as you pass him. Is he above ren? Stopping in front of a room – room number 2501 – you watch as Kylo Ren opens the door and walks into the room. Clearly the ‘ladies first’ rule, or any gentlemanly behaviour isn’t enforced here. Walking inside after Kylo, you take in the room. You were right, they are living quarters; and very minimal ones at that. There’s a bed, a bathroom, a wardrobe, and a set of drawers. The room itself isn’t very spacious. It does, however, match the colour scheme of the hallways; black and silver. You taking in the black tiled floor, they must be cold to walk on in bare feet. In fact, that’s the general vibe that the entire place gives you; cold. It’s not a happy environment, very military. Coming from a very happy and loving home, you’re not sure you could really thrive here. “Stay here until I collect you for training.” Kylo says, his metallically altered voice sending a chill down your spine. Well, it was either that, or the glacial temperature of this room. Your eyes follow Kylo as he promptly leaves the room leaving behind an awkward silence between you and a stranger. Well, he’s a man of few words, isn’t he? In fact, they both are. There’s a knock on the door causing you to jump. The ginger answers, grabbing the pile of clothes off the officer and closing the door. “A meal will be brought to you shortly,” he says, handing you the pile of clothes, “in the meantime, I suggest you shower and change.” You nod, unsure of how to respond. He turns towards the door, you watch as the door slides open. “It would be wise to follow orders, Ren has quite the temper.” He says before fully leaving. As the door closed behind him, you felt the walls closing in. You’ve never been claustrophobic, but then again, you’ve never been held against your will. Feeling yourself starting to hyperventilate, you take a series of deep breaths; in through your nose, out through your mouth. In. Out. In. Out. Trying to make yourself relax, you lie on the bed, closing your eyes. It’s times like these that you think taking up meditation would be useful. If only you had time for that. Lying back, you think of your family. Thinking about never seeing them again sends a sharp pain through your chest, and fills you with the determination to seek revenge. You’ve got yourself in quite the mess. Thinking about it, the entire situation seems very... planned. That wrinkly looking guy has a plan for you, Kylo knew exactly where to find you, and that ginger guy knows about you too. It seems a little too specific to be a spontaneous kidnapping. Did he come for you on purpose or are you just over thinking things? You can’t shake this bad feeling. It’s not the kind of bad feeling that leaves you feeling anxious or uneasy. The negative energy in this place surrounds you, it almost consumes you. You need to leave. Assuming the door has a motion sensor, you walk towards it, exaggerating your movements a little – by a little, you mean flapping your arms around and doing straight up jumping jacks whilst moving towards the door. Nada. You don’t understand, how are you supposed to leave? You’re not naive enough to believe that they don’t have some type of security to keep you on lockdown, but generally speaking, how would you leave? You don’t see a keypad on this side of the door. Even if the door was locked, it should still open from the inside, that’s generally how things worked, right? Giving up on that idea, you rub the balls of your hands into your eyes; there has to be another way out. Looking around the tiny room, you don’t see anything useful. You do, however, spot a window. You could always climb out of it. Looking out of the small, circular window, your jaw drops, scrapping that escape plan. You’re in space. Your heart drops. Every escape route that almost formed in your mind disintegrates. To escape you’d have to fly; to do that you need a pilot. You’re willing to bet that no pilot on this ship would help you out purely from the goodness in their hearts. As much as you’re aware you can’t really go anywhere, you have to at least try. You figure that, because you’re floating around in space, there must be an oxygen tank or something on the base somewhere – you know, because it’s essential to keeping everyone onboard alive. On your mini tour, you didn’t notice any random oxygen tanks lying around anywhere; therefore, it must be travelling around the base somehow. Then it hit you. The vents. Looking around the bedroom walls – even under the bed – you don’t notice any vents. You quickly check the bathroom. You don’t notice any in there either. Your mind goes blank. Surely they wouldn’t leave you in a room without proper ventilation? Sighing, you drop on the bed like a sad sack of potatoes. Staring at the ceiling, you mentally curse those dick bags for locking you in the room. Seriously, you’re floating around in space, how are you supposed to escape? The door won’t open, you can’t find any vents, there is actually nothing you can do. There’s nothing you can do. Letting that sink in, you think about your parents, they certainly wouldn’t be happy with you giving in so easily. If they were watching you right now they’d probably be shouting at you, telling you that the solution is right in front of your face and – Holy shit. The answer is right in front of you. Your eyes widen at your discovery. The vents are in the ceiling. You’re not sure how you didn’t notice before, what, with it being the only textured surface in the room. You stand on the bed, stretching your arms up in a futile attempt to reach the ceiling. In hind sight, you should have known you wouldn’t be able to reach given your height. You needed something bigger to stand on. Looking around the room, your eyes lock onto a chest of drawers. Wobbling as you stand on the drawers, you jump and grab onto the steel crate grille. Taking a deep breath, you muster all of your energy and lift your legs up, attempting to kick one of the grilles out of place. It takes a couple of tries, but you get there eventually. What can you say? You haven’t worked out in a hot minute. You slowly climb across the ceiling as if it were a set of monkey bars. Eventually reaching the hole, you climb up into the vent. Oh, sweet victory. Lying flat on your back – as uncomfortable as it is – you relax. Take a beat. Catch your breath. Who are you kidding, you’re exhausted. You’re trying not to judge yourself, after all, that is the most exercise you’ve done in a while. Once you’re out of danger of going into cardiac arrest, you turn over onto your stomach. Crawling through the vent, you almost wish you put on some extra layers, it’s fucking freezing. Not only that, but it’s a tight squeeze, but you commando crawl your way through nonetheless. On your venture, you waste time by spying on people through the little holes. Luckily for you, you were able to avoid the crate grilles by taking a different route. You have no idea where you are, but based on the Stormtroopers you can see marching past, you’re crawling around above a hallway. Since the hallway’s now empty, it begs the question: should you stay in the vent, or risk it in the hallway? You’re easily concealed in the vent, but it’s a lot harder to navigate where you’re going. You’re out in the open in the hallways, but it’ll be easier to navigate where you’re going. You’re caught at a crossroad. Removing the grille, you jump down into the hallway. You may as well live life a little dangerously. Besides, wouldn’t it be easier to get down whilst no one else is around, as opposed to in a room full of people? You’d easily get caught. You land with a louder thump than you thought you would, hopefully no one was around to hear it. Looking in both directions, you decide it would be best to go right since the ‘troopers came from that direction. Judging by the distant sound of drilling and engines, you’ll be heading in the right direction. You try to walk as casually as you can whilst also making your footsteps as quiet as possible. As it turns out, being quiet whilst walking on a metal floor is a lot harder than it looks. Just as you were beginning to look like a goofy cartoon character with an exaggerated tip-toed walk, you decided to throw caution to the wind and leg it down the hallway. This is fun. There’s a nice adrenaline rush that comes with trying to escape, and honestly, you love it. That was until you fell on your arse for running into a human sized wall. Looking up from your cold spot on the floor, you make awkward eye contact with the ginger, human shaped wall that knocked you down. Standing up, you smile, ignoring the literal pain in your arse. It’s a wonder how you didn’t knock him over too, he’s not that big. Yes, he’s taller than you, but he looks to be on the slimmer side. Panicking, you give the grumpy ginger a harsh push backwards before absolutely belting it down the hallway. Rounding a corner, you hear the ginger ordering the Stormtroopers to retrieve you. The sound of multiple fast paced footsteps banging on the metal panels does nothing for your sense of hope. If they catch you – and they will – you’re outnumbered; you don’t stand a chance in a fight against them. You have to be smart, don’t do that dumb shit people always do and look behind you. But now that you’ve thought about it, you really want to look. Just because it happens in movies doesn’t mean it will happen to you. Risking a glance behind you, they’re not that far away; you can easily outrun them. Making it into the hangar, you feel the stars align. Sweet mother of all that is holy, something is on your side for once. Running inside, you try and dodge the Stormtroopers behind various metal boxes. Seeing as though the hangar is full of people, you think it would be pretty hard to see you. Still, you keep behind the larger objects, trying not to draw too much attention to yourself. Making it to the opposite end of the hangar, you stare at the TIE fighters; you’re not sure how you’re supposed to fly one of those. Heck, you’re not even sure how to get into one of those. Maybe there’s a button you’re supposed to press somewhere? Walking underneath the fighter, you inspect the underside; surely there are some instructions or something somewhere. Two set of hands grab you on either side, pushing you back against the cold, metal wall. Struggling against the ‘troopers, you thrash your arms, kicking them; you can’t seem to get away. That is until a certain ginger stands in front of you. He looks disappointed. You can’t say you blame him; you managed to beat hit lock, and you couldn’t help but smirk. “Inability to follow orders, Ren won’t like that.” He says, staring you down. “Kidnaps me and holds me captive in the middle of space, I don’t like that.” You mock. Pushing your torso out, challenging him. He steps closer to you; he’s so close you could kick him. In fact... you extend your leg, attempting to kick him between his legs. You realise it’s a dick move, but he deserves it. Unfortunately, before your knee made contact with his junk, he caught your leg, pushing it back down. Pushing you back against the wall, his hand rests around your neck. “Lacks respect,” he notes. “Lacks common decency.” You spit. “Besides, why would I respect you?” “Whether you like it or not, you are to remain here indefinitely. I am your superior, you will show me some respect.” You don’t know this ginger fellow, but you get the feeling that he wants power. “Respect is earned.” You say; your words filled with venom, “all you and your little helmeted buddy have done is hurt me and keep me captive. That is not the right way to get my respect.” “You’re on my ship, you’re under my command, you’re-” “Aren’t I technically under Kylo Ren’s command? I mean, he is the more powerful of the two of you, it would make sense.” You’re very aware that playing this game could get you in trouble, but that won’t stop you from pouring salt in the wound. He stands back, assessing you. You have to admit, that’s not the response you were expecting, you wanted him to lose his cool. He sighs before telling the Stormtroopers to take you to the cell. You gulp, not liking this ominous sounding cell. Kicking your legs and violently moving your legs, you do everything you possibly can to try and get out of their hold. Maybe you could kick them too? Going along with your thoughts, you try and angle your legs in a way where you could effectively kick the soldiers in their private parts. Raising your legs with gusto, your knee makes contact with the plate covering this guy’s delicate area. You grunt, the sharp pain spreading through your knee. The armour mustn’t be that good because the poor guy legs go of you, cupping his manhood. You repeat this on the other soldier before running away. Your second attempt at running away was short-lived. You were just about to run into the corridor when a set of arms grabbed you from behind, holding you still as they shoved something sharp into your neck, rending you unconscious. . . . . . . . Jolting awake, you take in your surroundings. Sitting up, you look around the room, taking in the two Stormtroopers standing inside the room. Rubbing your sore neck – something you’ve never experienced with other injections before, you take in the room. You’re not sure what this room would be used for. It’s literally a giant cage inside a room. You assumed that when you were ordered into the cell, you’d be in a jail cell with multiple other people that have annoyed the moody ginger in some way, but that’s not the case. “Inform the General, she’s awake.” one of the Stormtroopers said. Is it possible that the moody ginger is the General? Makes sense, all that nonsense about being in command and having some authority over you. Oh jeez, that stuff about Kylo Ren having more power than him must have really pissed him off. Lying back down on your hard, cold, metal bed, you stare at the ceiling through the metal bars. You’re not sure how long you were staring in silence, but at some point the ging- the General made his way into the room. He stood his sourpuss almost against a wall outside the cage. The way he was looking at you, you felt like a caged animal in a zoo, almost like he was waiting for you to do something entertaining. “You’ve yet to formally introduce yourself, you know.” You say, facing him on your side. “I’m General Hux, you are aboard the Finalizer, a Resurgent-class Battlecruiser.” He looked as if he was about to say something else but then decided against it. You nod, sitting up, placing your elbows on your knees. “Why am I here?” you ask after a minute of silence. “I believe it would be more appropriate to ask Commander Ren, he’s the one you are to train under.” His tone suggests authority. You audibly gasp, “so you’re not the boss of me?” you say cheekily, cocking your head to the side, “guess I don’t have to listen to you.” “For someone who claims to be upset about the disappearance of their family, you’re surprisingly calm. Not even 2 hours ago you were dreaming of killing Ren because he took them away from you, yet here you are acting as if nothing happened, almost as if you don’t care.” He says, slowly walking closer to you. As soon as the words left his mouth you were ready to punch him. He cannot dictate what you do and don’t feel. Sure, you should be a lot angrier about your family’s situation, but you know they’re probably not dead. “They’re alive. They’re being used as bargaining chips so I’ll do what you want. That’s it, isn’t it? You’re going to use them against me. I see no point in worrying over them now.” It feels awful to say out loud. You suppose it would be different if they were being held in front of you, but they’re not. “What if they are? Ever thought the reason as to why you’re being held in here is because your family are being held in the other cells? You would have escaped and left them behind.” His demeaning tone irks you. You want a civilised conversation with him and he’s talking down to you. Your heart does flips. Your family are here? Beyond the metal bars, the General smirks, no doubt a reaction to your hopeful expression. You feel awful. You could have stayed and found out where they were, instead you tried to leave. Covering your face with your hands, you try to calm your rising emotions. “I would have left and then found another way to get them. You could be lying.” You feel the need to defend yourself against him. You feel like you need to show some kind of emotion to prove him wrong. “In any case, this is your last chance, there will be no more escape attempts after this.” He warns, standing right in front of the cage now. Wanting to show defiance in some way, you walk – more like a brisk jog – up to Hux, grabbing his hand, you pull his glove of before retreating deeper into the cage. “Nice glove,” you comment, holding it up in front of you. “Hand it to me, (L/N), I won’t ask twice.” His voice is deeper this time, almost dangerous. You’re not scared though, you know he can’t really do anything to you. Holding the item in both hands, you play with the fingers. “If I do, will you let me see my family?” He looks at you, considering. “You’ll have to do a lot more than return my glove.” You frown; of course you’ll have to do more. It wouldn’t surprise you if it wasn’t cheap. “Dude,” you say, holding your hand up, “if you want that kind of payment you’ll have to go to a brothel or something, I’m not your girl when it comes to that kind of thing, man.” You joke. It’s not the time to joke, but you wanted to lighten the mood a little. Hux looks off to the side, most likely thinking of how to respond. You eyes latch onto his cheeks, you’re not sure whether you’re imagining the slight pink hue that has risen there. Sucking his bottom lip into his mouth, he turns to you, “That... that is not the payment I was referring to. You are to work hard, that is how you’ll see your family.” He tone shifted into a very... ‘General tone’ almost as if he was talking to one of the ‘troopers. You take this as a victory, you’ve possibly made the man slightly blush; at least you know what to do now. Taking his words to heart, you give him back his glove. When his naked hand skimmed yours, a whirlwind unwanted images attack your mind. Looking past the main stage, between the series of TIE fighters, hundreds, maybe even thousands of Stormtroopers stand at attention. Hux, standing there, above the low ranks, he delivers a speech. The words aren’t clear but the fire in his eyes can’t be good. Turning back to the ‘troopers, something red shoots out of the ground so forceful it knocks the leaves of the trees. The entire planet started swirling around you; people disappeared until all that was left was darkness. The overhead lights came on, you’re in someone’s quarters, judging by the size, it’s not yours. Turning around to inspect the room some more, you see yourself. It’s not like a reflection or anything; you’re literally seeing yourself in third person. You watch as Hux taps the other you on your shoulder. Without so much as a how-do-you-do, he kisses you. Grasping, you stumble back. You observe Hux with wide eyes. What the Hell was that?! Why were you seeing yourself locking lips with him? How did that even happen? “Force vision,” a metallic voice interjects, effectively bringing you out of your inner confusion. Looking towards the sound, you see none other than Kylo Ren standing in the doorway. “A Force vision shows you what could potentially happen in the future.” Your eyes dart between Kylo and the General. There’s a possibility that at some point in the future you’ll be making out with him?! You think not. “Possibility... that means it might not happen, right?” you ask. “Yes.” Kylo replies. Thank fuck for that. You eye Hux suspiciously. What has he got planned? That red beam certainly didn’t look innocent. At least now you know of its existence you could try and stop it. Come to think of it, that’s most likely why your vision might not happen, you can control what happens in the future. Well, some things are bigger than you, but you’re more aware of them now. “Come, we must train.” Kylo says, using the Force to open the cage. Notes: Lemme know what y'all think <3 Notes: Kylo Ren is super intimidating to write... Chapters will get longer, I just wanted to set the scene first. Lemme know what y'all think <3