Befores and afters Chapter one Leia didn’t like to think about her childhood, about before. It wasn’t a bad childhood, really, but it seemed much safer to dwell on the after. Less tragic. She could divide her life into before and after - a series of befores and afters and brief vivid moments in between. Sometimes she let herself reach such a moment - a man’s hand, poised above a button. A very young girl, far too young. A planet - Alderaan - her home - due ahead. Alderaan, with its streams and brooks, its flower fields, its palaces whose gardens she had spent many a sunny day enjoying. Alderaan. Her mama, papa. Aunts, pets, friends. All at the mercy of one man, one finger poised above a button… Mercy, or lack thereof. Leia and Han had agreed not to raise Ben with any royal grandeur. It did no good, Han had argued. But she longed - secretly, of course, as she was a general now, someone who put duty first, no matter what - for the before. The before, the time when her greatest worries were how long her lady’s maid would take holding her still for her latest elaborate hairstyle or how best to sneak a glass of wine from one of her parents’ state dinners, the kind she was supposed to attend to prepare for her future as Queen of Alderaan. What a life she could have lived, had there been just before. But Leia did not dwell on could-have-beens. They brought her too much pain. When he was born they quarreled about who he most resembled. As he opened his eyes for the first time, taking in everything around him in a wonder only a newborn child could possess, Han had murmured, “he has your eyes, Leia.” And indeed Ben’s eyes were the deep brown of Leia’s and her mother’s before her. “Yes, and your nose, thank God,” Leia had shot back. Leia always had something to shoot back; it was easier than retrospection. Easier than remembering, looking into brown eyes so like her own, so like her mother’s, eyes that were so young and yet so heartbreakingly wise. Ben’s first word was home. They were glad of this. “Yes, Ben. Home. We’re going home,” Han had said, lifting the boy onto his shoulders. Leia had smiled at her family, repeating the word like a spell. It was one she had not uttered in a long time, one she couldn’t quite believe was her own. She’d lost two sets of parents already. Two families gone. The third, she had told herself, would stay. This, of course, was before - another before. Chapter 2 Chapter two He didn’t call her “your Worship” anymore. The title had at first been contemptuous, but as the years passed and Han and Leia grew closer, it became an inside joke and an affectionate nickname. Besides, Han could tell that Leia secretly liked the flattering, the adoration. He didn’t understand her. The way she could be so sharp, so callous and frankly a little scary in public, then turn into someone soft and loving and wounded when the two were alone together. In the beginning, before, Leia didn’t put Ben down for a moment. He was at her side always, in her arms always, and if Han was being completely honest, he was slightly jealous. Not that he had time for all that attachment. He made the mistake of asking her one night, why she cared so obsessively for the baby. Her dark eyes, so like their son’s, resembled a trapped animal’s for a moment, and she flinched, instinctively, away from her husband, but within seconds she regained her stiff upper lip. “I don’t ever want to let him go, Han. You don’t know what it’s like to lose. It’s unbearable.” Han frowned. “Don’t I?” Had Leia forgotten that he, too, was an orphan? He, too, refused to get attached to anyone or anything because he could not bear the after? Leia had immediately realised her mistake, and was apologising, her words meaning little, running over each other. Ben had woken and started to cry. But Han was not finished yet. “You’re so caught up in your memories of that mythological before that you can’t focus on rebuilding anything. You’re always going to be homesick, and you’ve dragged everyone along with you. You have to learn to let go.” Leia had said nothing, just stared at him coldly and turned her back so that she and the baby slept entangled in each other’s embrace on the far side of the bed. He did not ask her again. Chapter 3 Chapter three “Do you ever worry,” Luke asked her over tea one day, “about turning out like our father? About making the same kinds of mistakes he did?” Leia paused, considering. Her brother and she were close, and the Force made their connection even stronger. She could hide her feelings from everyone in the galaxy - convince them she didn’t even have feelings - but her brother was the exception. “I used to,” she admitted finally, “when I was younger. But now - now I’m more worried about my son.” Luke raised a fair eyebrow. “Your son? Ben is three years old, Leia. Three year olds don’t fall to the Dark Side. Ben’s not even big enough to hold a lightsaber.” Leia snorted. “Not now . But he’s… discontented with comfort, with mundanity. He’s too much like his grandfather. And too much like his mother.” “You say he’s like you, and you never fell,” pointed out Luke, buttering a teacake. Leia noticed that there were crumbs in his beard and despite herself, she half-smiled. “Yes, but I could have,” she replied. That night she dreamed of before. She dreamed of her mother; of brown eyes closing for the final time, of the moments before, of impossible sadness and unfathomable love. She dreamed of walking through a glass palace, all at once familiar and alien. She had been here many times before, so what was different? It hit her, suddenly, that the palace was empty. No courtiers, servants, or arguing senators roamed the halls. No fanfares, troubadours, curtsies or bows. Just glass. Cold, crystalline glass. She dreamed of her brother; she heard him cry out. She felt her body cramp in pain as she knew, somewhere, he was suffering. She dreamed of the name. Leilila. Her name before. A name of papa’s wise laugh, of mama’s bedtime fairytales. Of a laughing girl, long plaits down her back, climbing trees and making up rude nicknames for the ladies of the court. Leilila might as well have blown up with the rest of her planet. “I heard you talking in your sleep.” Han, already up, leaned against the door of their bedroom. Leia turned so that she was lying on her stomach, her face turned away from her husband. “It’s impolite to eavesdrop on someone, you know. Even if the person is talking to her own subconscious.” No need to ask what he’d heard, no need to tell him about the vast loneliness, the web of befores and afters and family legacies and forgotten names. “Leia…” began Han. He obviously wanted to argue that it was, in fact, necessary to make her talk. Was married life supposed to feel like an imperial interrogation? “Leia…” he said again, then shook his head. “I’m so sorry.” “It’s quite all right,” said Leia, wrapping her arms around him, because she wanted him to believe that. She wanted to keep her sorrow to herself. Chapter 4 Notes: i wrote this chapter while listening to "that would be enough" from hamilton, so the song makes an appearance :)! the text from the song is not mine but lin-manuel miranda's. Chapter four Eighteen years later It was funny, thought Leia, how much thinking she was doing now that she lived alone. Oh, she kept busy of course. But those who knew her as General Organa did not know her at all. Certainly not well enough for her to really talk to about everything. She thought of her son, how his betrayal and his loss caused that splintering rift in her and Han’s marriage to widen until the gap became a canyon. They had gone from rarely really talking to almost never. It was too hard. Leia knew Han saw Ben’s dark eyes when he looked into hers; she heard her son’s laugh on the rare occasions when she shared a joke with his father; it was too painful, to see his reflection, halfway-split across the two grieving. When she had been pregnant with Ben, just after the Battle of Endor, when she and Han were words and words and words and laughing and teasing and fighting and stories and never ever dreaming of growing apart, and all things seemed worth fighting for, Han confessed that he was scared. “Don’t you worry, bringing a child into the world like this? I’m not a family man, Leia. I’ve never even had a family. And I don’t have any money. I’m not a prince or a king or… anything, really. Could you really spend your life with someone as… insignificant as me?” Leia had laughed. “You idiot, I wouldn’t have married you if I didn’t want to spend my life with you. And if the child is half as brilliant as you are, that would be enough. And, Han, you are many things, but insignificant is not one of them.” Maybe he was half as brilliant as his father, but her own father seemed to be his inspiration, which seemed the cruellest irony of all. Han, she thought, would probably find it as darkly funny as she did - they always laughed at things that would have made anyone else gloomy. She wondered, wherever he was, if he was laughing. One of her pilots tapped her on the shoulder, bringing her rather jarringly back to the present. “General, we’ve received reports of Ren’s use of the force to slaughter rebels like flies,” They’re saying history is repeating himself, that his tactics and his ideas are disturbingly close to - “ “Yes, I know, Vader,” interrupted Leia. “They like to talk about that, don’t they, Dameron? I’m tired of hearing it. B… Ren is a threat all his own. He’s not his -” she stopped herself from saying the word she was thinking. Better to leave family matters out of it, she told herself; better not to divulge the layers of that Skywalker hereditary misery. “He’s not Vader, Dameron. We need to take into account his humanity, and to do that we need to recognise that they are not one and the same. There’s still a young man - a boy - under that stupid costume!”