"You know I could take anything I want." The certainty in his words scared Rey. Illustrating his point with the raising of his hand, she could feel him trying to force his way back into her head. She tensed at the violating, painful sensation and turned her head away from him, unwilling to look at him while he sifted through her unprotected and vulnerable memories. "You're so lonely," he said in a hushed, concentrated voice. "So afraid to leave." She blinked and a tear fell from her eye and tickled her cheek. She tried to resist him, to somehow block him, but the more she fought against whatever it was invading her mind, the harder he pushed and delved into her very being. Until he finally came to her intimate, silent moments. "At night desperate to sleep," he paused. "You imagine an ocean." Another pause as the memory flashed behind Rey's eyes. A green and rocky place appeared in her consciousness. Surrounded by a blue, choppy sea that she had never seen before. She'd dreamt of the place since childhood. "I see it," the monster said. "I see the island." Desperate, she thought of anything, the millennium falcon, Han Solo. The thought of the gruff old smuggler gave the monster pause. "Han Solo? You Feel like he's the father you never had?" His tone was bitter when he continued, "He would have disappointed you." That was the last straw. Rey had had enough. "Get, out of my head!" She said through clenched teeth. She could feel her mind fighting against his invading force, like it was a physical thing. She could feel whatever he had in her head easily push her barriers and wall aside. Her head spun and ached with the sensation of butting against whatever force he was using. "You're going to give me the map," he said, standing straight to get a better stance. She could feel her mind pushing harder against his until suddenly, her mind almost melded against his, sending strange feelings in her head; anger, fear, loneliness. The feelings were so similar to her own, it disturbed her. She didn't know why or how she knew, but she knew that she had connected to him. He didn't seem as concerned about it. "Don't be afraid," he said. "I feel it too." "I'm not giving you anything!" Rey said, sweat dripping from her brow. A cocky smirk appeared on his face, "We'll see," he said cryptically, and moved closer to her, his brows furrowed in effort, forcing Rey back. Rey grunted as the battle continued in her mind. The connection between their minds seemed to give her strength for some reason, and she could feel herself pushing his mind further and further from her consciousness until she could no longer feel the pounding of the conflict in her own head and instead felt resistance. Concentrating on moving his wall from her path, she pushed it aside with ease. Doing so, memories flooded Rey's head. There also came an influx of fear, anger, sadness, disappointment along with faces and names. Father, mother, ben, Darth Vader, Darth Vader, the girl. She could see and feel them all. "You're afraid?" A voice that was not her own said. "Afraid you will never be as strong as Darth Vader." He did something that forced her consciousness from his mind and blocked his consciousness from her. The sense of freedom made her dizzy for a moment. The look on the monster's face was nothing short of surprise and horror. His grey eyes looked dangerously close to tears. If the sensation was anything similar to what she had experienced from him, she was surprised he hadn't made so much as a sound of discomfort let alone avoid tears. She wanted him to hurt. That was all she could think of. The ideas of how she would do it filled her head. She knew he could sense the thoughts in her head. To her surprise, instead of anger or annoyance, a smirk etched its way at the corner of his mouth and she realized they were not done yet. Chapter 2 Notes: There are rapid changes of POV in this chapter. This is intentional. I believe that Kylo Ren and Rey have a force bond, which allows them to feel what the other is feeling. This bond was not intentional for either one of them and how annoying and confusing would it be if you knew your enemy could feel and know your most intimate desires and thoughts or could alter how you felt? This use of a force bond is probably inaccurate as to how a force bond actually works, but this is my fanfiction, so I've decided to do it this way. Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) For a long while, neither spoke. Ren's smirk slowly reverted into a more neutral expression when he came to the realization that something was off. Even after he had managed to banish Rey from his consciousness, something remained, and he knew that Rey was feeling the same thing. "What is this?" Ren asked, trying to shake the feeling. Rey stood in her bonds, trembling. She knew things that hadn't been there moments before. She wasn't in his mind anymore, but she could still feel him, not as strongly as before, but the feeling was there. His confusion and horror felt like her own. "What did you do?" He demanded. . They fell into another awkward silence. Ren's heavy breathing the only thing breaking the quiet. His expression changed, and something passed between them. Rey could feel her glare soften. There was something happening. She had a want, a need. It wasn't her want or need, it was his, and she rejected the emotions with disgust. It grew stronger within her, it became almost unbearable. Judging from Ren's continued silence and altering his stare from her to the door, she knew he felt a sense of conflict. He was just calling her a scavenger a few moments ago. He was supposed to be the formidable masked nightmare to resistance allies like her. Yet here he was, maskless, exposed, his every desire vulnerable for the girl to detect. His gloved hands clenched and unclenched into fists until finally he fixed his gaze on her, and his mind made up. "You've been a plague on my mind," he said, recovering enough bravery to move closer to her again. "These past couple days, my mind has wandered to the scavenger who was able to outmaneuver trained TIE fighters and escape the Planet on a stolen ship she had never piloted before with nothing but a droid and a First Order defector..." his eyes ran over her body, taking in her browned skin from years of harsh desert sun, jagged scars on her arms and hands from getting nicked on sharp metal during scavenging no doubt, her simple attire that looked as filthy and dirt ridden as she was. His eyes paused at her neck and her breasts. Rey could feel her lips purse into an indignant thin line. When his short visual examination of her was done and he looked back into her eyes. His expression betrayed nothing of what she knew he was feeling on the inside. A talent he and her had in common. Years surrounded by cutthroat smugglers and scavengers, her ability to hide her fear an uncertainty was unparalleled, until she had met the man in front of her. His expression was neutral despite the overpowering need and nervousness he was feeling. Even without his physical mask, his ability to mask his emotions was astounding even to her. What had he endured that forced him to hide in plain sight? Her thoughts were interrupted when he removed her restraints with a wave of his hand. There was instant relief and she immediately rubbed feeling back into her wrists. She watched him remove his tight black gloves, revealing long, pale, smooth fingers. He gently laid his gloves beside his helmet, but out of the, what she assumed, ashes. His eyes wandered over her again, but were back to her face quickly, a pinkish tint showing in his complexion. He could feel her mind gently touch his, and he pushed her back, not fast enough to stop her from confirming his intentions. Her face went white and without hesitation, she leaped from the table and tried to run to the open door. She was almost out before he managed to freeze her, and walk over to close the cell door and lock it. He held her still until he was directly in front of her, a determined expression on his frustratingly boyish features. Without warning, he knelt his head down and pressed his lips against her own, removing his mental hold on her as he did so. She kept her mouth closed and stood very still. When he realized that she wasn't responding in anyway, he stopped and looked at her with almost pleading eyes. Rey could feel her resolve and bravery failing her, replaced with fear and whatever emotions she was absorbing from him. She stood there, traitorous and unwelcome tears filling her eyes, and a quiet sob escaping her mouth. She didn't want this, she didn't want him, especially not him. The look he gave her told her the monster understood where her head was, and he almost looked sympathetic. "I saw it," he said bluntly. "What you witnessed. What you had to endure on that wasteland of a planet you called home." he promised. "What does a monster like you care?" She snapped, her voice trembling with rage. Feeling her fear, he slowly reached and gently touched her arms. He rubbed his thumbs over the bare skin of both her shoulders, her skin was surprisingly soft. "I'm not a monster," he told her, her tear streaked glare told him she didn't believe it. "Do what you're going to do," she challenged. Her hatred filled him with rage and a wanting that he could only describe as lust. There wasn't a word for what he was feeling, whatever it was, it was passionate, and he was going to show him what he was capable of. His right hand reached and wrapped around her thin neck, squeezing tight enough to hold on to and guide her, but not hard enough to stop her breathing. Her eyes grew wide as he forced her to walk back to the table he had just freed her from. "Step up," he instructed, and she begrudgingly did it, knowing it was useless to fight back. In such close quarters with no weapon and being outweighed, she was no match for him. Still holding her by the neck one handed, he awkwardly used to other to undo his saber belt and let it fall to the ground. He had never mishandled his saber before, it was unstable enough already without damaging the crystal inside further. He pushed the thought from his mind. He pulled his cloak off over his head and let it fall next to his saber. Beads of sweat formed against his forehead, but he ignored it along with the irritating sensation of his heart pounding violently against his chest. His eyes fell back on her face and he found her face turned toward the ground. Wondering what she was staring at, he followed her gaze and saw that she was focusing intently on his saber. Before turning his attention back to the girl, he could swear that he saw the faintest movement but ignored it. She wasn't trained, she couldn't move objects if she wanted to... not yet anyway. He needed this girl on his side. He grabbed her chin with his free hand and turned her head to look at him, forcing her mouth to part by applying pressure to his grip. He placed his lips on hers again, this time kissing her with an open mouth instead of a chaste, closed lip kiss. She tried to jerk back, but he was unrelenting, and he pressed his mouth against hers so hard it felt painful. Abruptly, he felt her teeth bite down on his lip, drawing blood. He grunted in discomfort and pressed his body against her, pinning her against the table with his hips. The movement surprised her and she released his lip. He pulled his head back to look at her in anger. His blood had stained her lips, turning them scarlet red. He was startled by the realization that a large part of him was frightened of the girl in front of him, by her fierceness, even when she was helpless; But a stronger part of him admired her. Not thinking twice, he started kissing her again. This time, she didn't bite him or keep her mouth closed. She just let him. His mouth moved to the edge of her mouth, and then to her cheek. He allowed his tongue to lick her sun hardened skin. She tasted like she smelled; like dirt, fuel and sweat. Surprisingly, he found it intoxicating. He could feel his penis growing hard against her and she writhed uncomfortably. His whole life, he'd tried to stay away from temptation, it was strange to finally give into it. He traced her jawline with his mouth, still afraid to allow his hands roam her body. When he got to her ear, he whispered "touch me." His voice scared him. It was strained and husky. While he still sounded commanding he sounded uncertain. Even more startling was when he noticed she was breathing as hard as he was, but she still refused to look at him. Her head was tilted away from him, her eyes closed. He wondered if she'd even heard him or if she was ignoring him. Swallowing hard, she lifted her free hand pressed lightly against his chest. Only a few layers of fabric separating her callused fingers from his skin. He could feel his heart beating hard against her hand. Following her lead, he released her throat and lowered his right hand to rest against her chest. Her heart pounded against his palm, between her small but palpable breasts. Their heartbeats were out of sync for a time, but eventually they pounded in unison against each others hands. "Touch me more," he whispered, urging her to move her hand elsewhere. To his surprise, she turned her head and finally looked at him, her nose a mere inch from his. He could feel her breath against his mouth. For the first time since she had awoken, her face was softer, unafraid, yet daring. There was no pretense that she was warming to him, but something about the situation had changed for her and neither of them truly knew what it was. He had yielded control for the time being. Yet, she hesitated and still fought against the growing desire to give into whatever impulse invaded her mind. "No one will know," he breathed. "And nothing will change," he reassured her. "You'll put your mask on, hunt my friends, and I'll still kill you?" She asked, a scowl entering her uncertain features. A small smirk traced across his sore lips, "We'll see." He looked down at her hand, that still rested on his rising and falling chest, then looked back at her face. "I know you're curious," he continued, "and afraid. Me too." Before he could stop himself, the confession left his mouth. "I've- I haven't done this before either." his voice was barely above a whisper, but from the new reserve in her expression, it was all she needed to hear. Had the knowledge that he had no idea what he was doing comfort her in some way? Using her free hand that was not touching him, she reached and gently cupped his face and guided it back to her lips. Her newfound boldness amazed him and he kissed her with a hunger he never realized he had. Her hand ran through his thick hair and caressed his ear, making him flinch. He hated his ears. He kept his hair the length is was specifically because he hated his ears. Her touch eventually returned to his scalp, and her kiss deepened, forcing him to forget about his insecurities. He hadn't noticed her other hand was roaming down over his belly until her hand reached the top of his groin. She broke off the kiss, uncertain again and panting. Longing for her touch, he took her hand in his much smoother hand and gently guided it down his pants. He guided her to the hardened length of his penis and shuddered when he felt her cold hand touching it. "Don't be afraid," he told her, looking into her eyes. She looked down, flushing, before wrapping her hand around it, making him expel a deep breath. "Mm!" He groaned with a closed mouth. The painfully wonderful feeling increased when he showed her how to rub and stroke him. He could feel her growing even more hard in her hand. He removed his hand and allowed her to work him on her own. His hand on her chest had reached into the neck line of her tunic and gently rubbed and pinched her nipples until they peaked gently against his fingers. With his now free hand, he reached for her pants and, after yanking at the drawstring, reached inside. Her strokes slowed for a moment as she tried to understand what he was doing. Her eyes closed when he rubbed his hand against her little bump, before he brought a finger to her vagina and gently inserted one in. She was wet and the thought made his penis throb. She pressed her head against his shoulder as he rubbed her while she stroked him. "You want more?" He breathed in her ear. With a quivering breath, she nodded, unwilling to verbally say yes to him. "Take off your pants," he instructed her, as he started to do the same. He had never had his boots, belt, pants, and overcoat off so fast in his life. He left his tunic and vest on, not seeing the point in being fully nude. When she hesitated with removing her thin shirt, he stilled her hand. This wasn't about lust, he told himself. He refused to allow her to reveal more of her naked body to him than she needed to. Not so deep down, he knew he was partly lying to himself when he told himself this wasn't about lust. He wanted her. He had wanted her the minute he saw her. Perhaps he had wanted her since he'd first learned about her. Unable to wait any longer, he reached down and wrapped his arms around both her thighs and hoisted her up to his waist, making her cry out in surprise. Her face was red, almost feverish. She looked down at his erection and he could feel her hesitate again, fear trying to stop their progress. To ease her fears, he reached between them and gently placed 2 fingers into her vagina. It was easy, she was wet for him, even if her mind had reservations, her body didn't. The sight of writhing under his touch was mesmerizing. She closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip, gripping his shoulders so she could brace herself against him. Ren had never seen anything like it, and his penis twitched with anticipation. He took his fingers from her and gently rubbed her juices against his cock, lubricating it. He unwrapped one of her legs and allowed her to stand on her own with one leg still wrapped around his narrow waist. Before she could give the situation a second thought or protest, he guided his cock into her. The feeling was indescribable, and the noise he made was more or less inhuman. He pushed the abrupt and unwanted thoughts of chewbaca from his mind and guided himself further inside of her. He could feel her hand grab his sleeve and squeeze it tightly. Her eyes were screwed shut. Through his narrowed eyes, he saw her pressing her lips together tightly, suggesting she was in pain. Her vaginal walls were so tight around him, that it was proving to be a difficult task to push himself all the way in. It was almost painful, but at the same time, he felt waves of pleasure jolt through his entire body like shocks of electricity. He had never felt this sensation, but he let it possess him, leaving him without thought or reservations. He waited once his shaft was completely enveloped inside of her so that she, or at least her body, could get used to accommodating him. He wasn't a massive man, he knew that, even when his pride tried to tell him different. But he was a tall man and he supposed that his cock was probably above average as far as size was concerned, but nothing that would damage the girl or take her long to adjust to. After a mere 30 seconds, the girl was breathing easier and he could feel her muscles relax around his cock. It was almost a relief. He had no delusions that he would last long once he started rutting into her, but he tried his hardest to make it last as long as possible. He positioned himself to a more comfortable angle and buried his cock inside of her with more force. There was a satisfying sound as his skin slapped against hers. There was an even more satisfying and maddening sound that escaped her mouth. She gasped lightly as he pumped in and out of her. He was panting through his mouth while he pumped himself in and out of her. She was so wet for him, it was surprising. What was more surprising was when she moaned softly with her eyes closed, her hand still clenched to a fist against his sleeve. Ren grabbed her thighs and dug his fingers into her soft skin, giving him a better grip on her as his thrusts grew harder and faster. He felt possessed. The sounds he made sounded more like the growls of an animal, even to his own ears. Her soft moans and sighs only made it harder for him to remain in control. A tightening in his loins gave him a second's notice that he was reaching his climax. "Gahhh!" He groaned loudly when the pressure plateaued and he finally ejaculated. He pushed himself deep inside of her, his brain screaming that he shouldn't have done that. But his most basic instincts were telling him, "She's yours. Only yours. Own her." For a minute, every muscle in his body felt tense and spastic. He had never felt this way and it worried him slightly, but all at once his muscles relaxed and he felt very, VERY and weak. He dropped her leg and leaned against the table with her body still pinned against his. He panted against her shoulder, her breath moved the hair over his ear. Her hand reached up to his face and she gently moved his hair and set it behind his ear and traced the outline of his oversized ear absentmindedly. The sensation sent gently shivers down his spine. Her touch threatened to put him to sleep. Turning his head, he faced her. Her skin was shining against the lights with the sheen of sweat. She was still breathing hard while she looked at him. Her expression was unreadable. Not able to hold himself back, he leaned forward and kissed her one last time. He could feel her mind go blank for a moment, and then her senses returned and she dropped her hand from his face and halted her lips. She grew tense against him again and anger crept back into her consciousness. When he broke the kiss, the spell of the moment they had just shared was broken, and they were enemies once more. He got off of her and pulled his pants up, and got dressed before replacing his saber belt. She pulled her own pants on and pulled the drawstring to tighten them and arranged the odd makeshift vest scarf clothing, which she kept in place with a thin utility belt. The reality of what she had just done hit her, and when she looked at him, her eyes were watering again. "Why did you make me do that?" She asked, her voice trembling. He didn't answer her. He knew he hadn't made her do anything she didn't want to do. He would leave her with her delusions. Pushing her back against the table, with little resistance, Ren strapped her back in. He replaced his gloves and helmet and without saying a word, Ren left the room, this time leaving the door open. "Watch her," was all he said to the trooper who had been standing guard the whole time. "Yes sir," the trooper said without hesitation. And Ren walked to the com room to talk to supreme leader, hopefully before Hux got there. He had forgotten how constricting and suffocating his mask was. It was unbearable. Notes: I wrote this on my iPhone, which is why the format is wonky. Sorry. There will be a time jump in the upcoming chapters. Stay tuned. Chapter 3 Summary: Kylo Ren chapter. This takes place 4 months after the destruction of the Starkiller Base. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Ben!" Han Solo's voice echoed in the heart of the Star Killer station. Kylo Ren had prayed for his father, for once in his stubborn life, to be silent. To do what he had always done best and leave his son behind in the Millennium Falcon. Hearing Ben Solo's name cemented his father's fate. "What are you doing Ben?" Han Solo shouted in disapproval. "Your mother is worried sick!" Kylo Ren turned around to face his father on the bridge, expecting him to be on the other side of the bridge. Instead, Kylo Ren turned to find his father directly in front of him, his eyes were open but not staring. "Where's your helmet 'Ren'?" His father's mouth barely moved while he mocked his son. The memory of stabbing his father and watching him fall into the abyss below hit Ren with such force, the world seemed to spin and he felt weightless. "I killed you," he said, squeezing his eyes shut. "I killed you!" He opened his eyes and his father was still there. He still felt like he was falling despite his feet being on solid ground. Looking down, he gasped when he realized he wasn't. He was falling. Looking up, the bridge fell out of reach. His father still stood in front of him as he fell. "Why did you kill me ben?" Kylo tried to grab onto anything, but there was nothing. He was falling into abyss. "I had to!" He shouted at his father. "You know I had to do it!" Han Solo was still expressionless like it had been the moment he died. "Why did you kill me?" Han Solo asked again. They had been falling for an unnatural long time. The weightlessness made Kylo feel disoriented. "This isn't real," he told himself. "This isn't real." "Why did you kill me Ben?" Han Solo asked again. "I'm not Ben!" Kylo screamed at his father's standing corpse. "He's dead! Like you!" "Then why are you falling with me?" Out of nowhere, the corpse reached out and grabbed Kylo by the arm. The grip was tight and painful. He winced at the sensation that shot up his arm, like it had been caught in a trap. "Your mother believed in you," Han Solo said. "She felt me die. She knows you're a monster." Tears pricked Kylo's eyes. "I'm not!" He shouted defiantly. "This is your fault! You lied to me! Both of you." He struggled to free himself from his father's petrified grip. "Snoke is lying to you," his father said, his voice as emotionless as his eyes. "He told you that killing your weakness would make your transition to the dark side complete. You were supposed to be stronger." "I am stronger! I'm stronger than I've ever been!" Even if Han Solo's expression never changed, Kylo knew he was not convinced. "Why did she beat you?" Han Solo asked. Kylo Ren finally managed to yank his hand away from Han Solo's grip. He realized he wasn't falling with as much velocity, but his thoughts were still foggy and out of reach. "I was injured," he didn't even believe himself when he said. "She was untrained, you should have bested her. Why did you let her beat you?" The question confused Kylo and he shook his head, trying to come back to reality. This dream refused to end. Han Solo laughed at how ridiculous Kylo looked. This laugh was not his father's. This laugh was lifeless, unsettling and it sent chills down Kylo's spine. "You're lying to yourself," Han said, his laugh still echoing in Kylo's ears. Kylo's feet hit solid ground, and he fell hard, hitting his head. He somehow managed to survive, and even stand up. His father's body never touched the ground. "Soon," Han Solo began, "you'll be forced to see the truth and you will have to live with the mistakes you've made." The world around Kylo was crumbling and collapsing around him. Han solo's words struck Kylo as odd. They were too prophetic. "You're not my father," he told the corpse, which smiled a horrible, inhuman smile. "Your father is dead," his dead father told him, his lips still not moving. The ground collapsed under Kylo's feet, finally jerking him awake with a gasp. His bedding was soaked with sweat, and he had to focus to calm his breathing. The dream was still vivid in his mind. He wasn't talking to his father. He wasn't talking to anyone. What was he talking to? His dreams had gotten more and more disturbing over the past months. No matter what he did, no matter how tired he was, how much he meditated, he had not had a full night's sleep since the destruction of the Star Killer base. There were times when he was brave enough to go back to sleep. This was not one of those nights. Deciding to start his day early, he got dressed and grudgingly left his chamber. Notes: Who said Rey is the only one who suffered from cryptic visions? This was a fun chapter to write, I didn't edit it. I just kind of wrote it, was like, "Awesome," and decided to post it. Hope you liked it! Chapter 4 Notes: Another Kylo Ren chapter. I promise, the majority of this story will actually be told from Rey's point of view. However, these first few chapters are kind of important, as it explains Kylo's mindset and what he's had to endure after the destruction of the Starkiller Base. I was also very tired when I edited this. So if there are mistakes, too many commas or anything like that, I apologize beforehand. Enjoy! :) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) It was still the very early hours of the day when Kylo left his chambers. He knew that if he were wise, he'd try to get more sleep before the start another hellish day. The dream of his father's talking corpse had eliminated any hope of such an achievement. The mere thought of the empty, unstaring eyes and the inhuman laugh sent an unpleasant chill down his spine. He knew he should be used to nightmares. Cryptic,vivid dreams have plagued him since childhood. As a boy, a scarred, mangled creature with hollow eyes, would call to him in the still of night. He'd try to flee from the monster and call for his mother and father for protection. In his dream, he watched as both of them turned away from him or disappeared completely, leaving him to face the creature alone. When he was older, the creature had disappeared from his dreams, replace by a tall dark figure. The figure cast a large shadow that cast Ben's world into darkness and obscured any source of light. Within the shadows, the sound of mechanical breathing filled Ben's ears. When the darkness that surrounded Ben threatened to smother him, a glowing red light appeared in the figure's hand, illuminating a shining black mask dark red eyes. Ben had watched the figure remove the mask, and the breath always got stuck in his throats when he saw his own scowling face glaring down at him, red saber in hand. That dream always ended with the figure raising his red saber and bringing it down in a magnificent, glowing red arch. Just as Ben could feel the searing heat from the blade on his his forehead, he would violently jerk awake. His dreams had the irritating habits of coming true, despiteLuke Skywalker and Supreme Leader and his master's insistences that they were only dreams. Kylo knew that whatever his dreams were, it scared the users of both sides of the force. Having learned while he was still a teen that there was no changing what fate had in store for him, he forced his mind to focus on other things. He enjoyed the quiet of the hallways in the early mornings. The majority of the staff was asleep and only the night shift patrolled the halls. For a few hours of the day, he felt completely alone. These days, alone was the only solace he found was when he was alone. He'd rather be alone than watch as the officers averted their eyes, or notice when the troopers would stop in their tracks and take alternate routes simply to avoid him. He used to take pride in being feared. Back when he wore his mask. It had been exhilarating to see their alarmed expressions just from doing nothing more than entering a room. He knew that they were all imagining a scarred, inhuman monster hiding beneath the mask. They expected the mask was a practical necessity to hide his monstrous appearance and to make his presence bearable to the underlings. Used to be that when his need for contact with another human, other than the son of a rancor known as Hux, became too great, he would take the mask off and put on a pilot's uniform, and go down to sit in the hanger. Since no one knew what he looked like behind the mask, he could roam the halls and hanger without being bothered. The smells of fuel, metal and the heat of engines were comforting to him. He'd watch and listening to pilots and engineers talk about adjustments that needed to be done to their modifiers, or compressors. The conversations, arguments and humor reminded Kylo Ren of a simpler time; when he still felt capable of humor and happiness. The days of being able to escape when being Kylo Ren became too much to bear were gone. There was no escaping who he was anymore. Even without the mask, the horrified expressions he received never stopped. The girl had turned him into a monster. The poetry of the girl turning him into the very thing she considered him to be did not escape him. As far as severity, the girl's wounds healed the fastest, despite drastically and permanently altering his appearance. The bowcaster wound was the thing that almost killed him. He hadn't been paying attention and failed to stop the bolt before it struck him. All he had succeeded in doing was slowing its momentum so it didn't send him flying from the bridge. What he neglected to notice at the time, was the bolt had lodged itself into his side, allowing the metals and whatever else it was made of to seep into and poison his bloodstream. He touched his abdomen gently, the flesh still tender to the touch after all this time. He rounded a corner in time to see a trooper stop in its tracks, and realizing it was too late to head in the opposite direction, they slowly approached him. Their head was downturned when they passed him in the hall. Kylo could hear a deep inhale of relieved breath once they rounded the corner. Kylo's hand clenched into a fist and he considered giving the trooper a reason to be afraid, but he ultimately decided it was too early to lose his temper. Perhaps the worst part about being horrifically scarred, wasn't the constant feeling of unwanted isolation, it was the fact that Armitage Hux was as unafraid of him as ever and had zero qualms with being a continued thorn in Kylo's side. His smug, clean shaven and blemish-less face was the only thing in his life that hadn't changed. And when Kylo was forced to interact with Hux, he found himself wishing yearning for the quiet isolation he had grown accustomed to. Hux had been given full command over the fleet while Kylo completed his training. Kylo scoffed at the term. What he had endured after waking up from recovering in his bafta tank was more akin to punishment and torture than training. Supreme Leader Snoke had been utterly livid with him. His thin, reptile lips were turned into a sneer, his hollow, empty eyes bore into Kylo's soul, searching for the answer to his weakness. It wasn't until Darth Vengense intervened that Kylo Ren truly knew the detrimental trouble he was in. Vengense, a Sith who had been training in the ways of the Jedi at the beginning of the Rebellion, but changed his allegiance with the destruction of Darth Vader and Emperor Palestine, was more used to being observed but not heard. But on that occasion, he decided to voice his opinion that Kylo had not been trained enough to understand how to draw from the force during times of severe physical and mental distress. "A true dark side user would have no problem," he had said diplomatically. Kylo did not mistake the hidden undertones in the man's phrasing. His yellow eyes watched Kylo's every move, every twitch, searching for something. "But," he had continued, "Perhaps you weren't as ready as we had thought." He stood to his full height, which was about the same as Kylo's. The thought that Darth Vengense had once trained as a Jedi confounded Kylo. The man seemed born to be a dark side user. He was calculating, intimidating and overall very dangerous. Kylo had no evidence to back up why he felt that way about Vengense. Other than shouting stances and commands at Kylo, he had never seen Vengense in action. But when he was in the same room with Kylo, he felt like he couldn't breathe without being watched closely. Kylo found himself thinking very hard about what he said or did while in the presence of Vengense. One wrong phrase or step could be his last. So when Vengense told Ren that he would resume his training with him personally, Ren found himself wishing Hux had left him to rot on the Starkiller Base. Kylo had been forced to train everyday for four months, and he knew that he was better. His arms were stronger, his movements were smoother, his mind was clearer, at least when his saber was in his hand. There were times when Vengense intentionally hurt him, and Kylo thought he was truly trying to kill him, and he had to summon all the power from the force he could muster just to keep himself from losing consciousness from the pain. One of Vengense' favorite things to do was to directly kick or punch the still healing bowcaster wound in Kylo's side. More than once, the wound had torn open and Kylo could feel the blood running down his leg as it had that night in the forest. Whether he had grown stronger or was just so used to pain, Vengense' blows no longer phased Kylo. Even when his ears would ring from a force of a blow to his head, Kylo never lost focus anymore. Lately, Vengense had altered the training to enhance Kylo's Saber technique. The simple style Kylo had been used to using up until a few months ago was fine when he didn't have to fight another trained force user. However, when it came to defense and fending off aggressive blows, the style was useless. The style he was currently learning involved less twirling and arching blows, and was more simplistic in that it required a nonstop and fast attacks on the opponent. Vengense encouraged Kylo to use his left hand as his dominant hand for a while, as the style worked best if the offensive could switch dominate footing or hands on command. This proved to be less difficult than Ren had initially thought, since his right arm hadn't had the same strength since FN-2187 had injured it. Even to this day, the muscles in his upper arm felt tense. There was an alarm overhead that snapped Kylo out of his head and back to reality. The alarm signaled the end of the night shift and the start of the morning duties. He looked around, unaware of where he had wandered this time. The door to his right read "Dir. B. Thorn." There was a flutter of panic in his stomach when he realized he had walked to the officer's block of the base. Somewhere in this block, Hux was no doubt sharpening his fangs and combing his hair with the bones of whatever creature was unfortunate enough to step in front of him. Spinning on his heal, he started his retreat back to his chambers, where his breakfast would hopefully be awaiting him, when who should be rounding the corner? "Ren, what are you doing here?" Hux demanded. Damn it! Kylo thought. "None of your business," he replied tersely. "I don't know if your memory has failed you, but I outrank you Ren. And when I ask you a question, you will enlighten me with a response!" His thin lips somehow managed to get thinner when Hux was angry, which was often. Most of the time, Hux's mouth resembled nothing more than a thin pink line in the center of his scowling, pale face. When it was obvious that Kylo was not going to dignify Hux's demand with a response, Hux huffed. "Regardless of what you are doing down here, I've received word that we've found Skywalker and the girl. Our spy in the resistance has sent word that they are on Ahch-To." It took Ren longer than it should have to process that information. As Hux opened his mouth to say something irritating, Kylo cut him off. "When did this report come in? Why wasn't I informed sooner?" A sneer crossed Hux's thin pink lips. "I sent word to your chambers Ren. I expect Snoke and your master will have been kept waiting for some time now." He would not give Hux the satisfaction of seeing him run off to meet his master, nor would he allow Hux to see that he was distressed in any way. "I suppose I've kept them waiting long enough," Kylo said in a way that indicated he was not at all concerned with the fact that Snoke's patience ran thinner than Hux's upper lip. Before he left, Kylo looked Hux up and down and gave Hux a knowing smirk, "You forgot to tuck your pant leg in your boot." Hux immediately looked down at his mismatched pant legs, and before he could give Kylo an annoyed, indignant look, Kylo had trudged down the hallway as fast as he could without breaking into a run. He could feel his forehead grow damp with perspiration and his heart rate increase as he walked down the hallways. Ignoring the expected shocked and fearful glances of the sleepy staff and crew, Kylo tried to understand if he was growing excited to finally be able to prove himself in battle and kill Luke Skywalker and the girl. Or, was he afraid of seeing the girl who's face haunted his waking hours and sometimes his dreams no matter how hard he had tried to push any thought of her from his mind? Either way, he knew before he had even reached Snoke and Vengense what would be required of him. He was ready. Notes: There will be one more short Kylo-ish chapter before we see what Rey and Luke have been up to at Ahch-To. *Badum-tsh* It's so late, I'm so sorry. I'm going to bed now. Stay tuned! Chapter 5 Notes: This is a short chapter before Rey comes back to the story. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The meeting between Kylo Ren and Snoke had been tense. Kylo Ren swore he would do what needed to be done. His training had prepared him for this moment. At some point, Vengense stopped listening. He'd heard it all before, and he was surprised Snoke still had faith in the man. He just stood silently in the shadow of Snoke's throne until Snoke bid Ren farewell and he left the two of them in Snoke's dimly lit chamber. Despite Kylo Ren's departure, the chamber remained tense. Sensing that Snoke was on the verge of an outburst, Vengense stepped out of the shadows and stood in front of the ancient, whatever he was. Vengense suspected Snoke used to be human, but the years had stripped his humanity and any resemblance he might have had to the species. His lips had disintegrated into nothing but a thin, scaly line of a mouth. His eyes had sunken into his skull, making him look more like a glaring skeleton than anything alive. The scar across his bare head and over his forehead, leaving an indentation that further dehumanized his appearance. When Vengense looked at him, he thought of him more as a creature than a human. A very old, frail, dangerous creature. The thin, tight skin on Snoke's face made it hard for him to do more than glower or glare, but Vengense knew that he was irritated, and he was waiting for Vengense to break the silence. "Something vexes you Supreme Leader?" Vengense asked. Snoke's eyes narrowed into reptilian like slits, and his mouth quivered before he spoke. "You doubt Kylo Ren still," he wasn't asking. "I sense a weakness in him since the Starkiller Base." Snoke straightened in his throne, tapping his hands on the hard stone armrest. The soft thumps echoed throughout the chamber. "The girl," Snoke said, echoing Vengense' thoughts. "He tries to hide thoughts of her from us." He thumped his thumb against the chair absentmindedly. Unable to hold his tongue any longer, Vengense spoke up, "You should have let me kill him Supreme Leader. Sending him was a mistake." "Be still!" Snoke exclaimed, waving his hand in irritation. Vengense closed his mouth and waited for his Supreme Leader to speak again. Instead of pressing the subject further, Supreme Leader Snoke sighed and said, "The agent in the resistance, are they still in place?" Vengense nodded, "They are." "Go to them. Wait for instructions there." Before Vengense could force himself to carry out the order, he asked, "The girl?" Snoke's eyes continued to glare down at him. "Don't let your sentimentality cloud your judgement Vengense." Vengense could feel the anger rising within him, but he forced himself to swallow it down. "As you say Supreme Leader. I'll be in touch." He bowed deeply and walked toward the door. Kylo Ren was going to fail. When he did, he'd be waiting. Notes: Thank you for your continued support. The next few chapters are going to be a bit more action packed.