Finn lay on their large luxurious bed covered in sweat and panting. Rey had been very enthusiastic this evening after another successful mission and he was quite content to let her continue kissing his chest and worshipping his spent body. When she took him in hand again intending to continue their activities he put his hand over hers. "Mmm, Rey, I don't think I could go again tonight" She looked up at him sultrily and then pouted, moving up to give him a slow and sensual kiss. "Well, I guess three rounds is enough. But can you blame me, you're irresistible and so, so good at making me...scream." she whispered and nuzzled his neck. He groaned at the feeling of her licking and nipping at his neck, and knew that she would get what she wanted. He felt her smile against his neck when she felt the evidence of his desire against her hip. "How are you so good at this my love?" Finn asked while caressing her naked back. "With you, it's easy to be this good." She got up, straddled his hips, and said, "You know we don't need him anymore." He frowned and looked up at her, "Who?" She leaned close to his ear and whispered, "Snoke, we could get rid of him and take over" As he analyzed what she had just proposed, she grabbed his cock, and took him inside, making his brain go blank as she began slowly riding him. All Finn could do was tightly hold her hips as she had her way with him. When his mind finally returned to him, he flipped them over hearing her yelp in surprise. He enjoyed her on top but he wanted to fuck her. He wanted to make this powerful woman who chose him as her second in command, as her trusted friend, and her lover, to beg him, to scream his name. He leaned in and licked the shell of her ear as he enthusiastically pumped into her, relishing hearing her moans as she grabbed on to his back for dear life. "My mistress desires to rule the galaxy," he panted. "She desires to rule with her consort," she answered breathlessly and put her hands around his face, their noses touching. Before he could reply, she craned her neck, leaving him with an irresistible view of her neck as she moaned through her orgasm. Her own climax precipitated his and he bit onto her shoulder, a long guttural moan announcing his own orgasm. After a few minutes of laying like this, both panting, and covered in a sheen of sweat, he rolled off her. Settling on his back, he quickly gathered her in his arms. "How are we gonna do this love? If he finds out, if we fail, he'll have us killed" She caressed his chest and answered, "I don't think so, I can feel his thoughts and he's afraid of me, of you, of us." "He could be toying with us, he's done it to the others." "No, after what you did, made our enemies destroy each other with the force, I felt his fear. He knows we've become too powerful, and if we don't act, I fear he may try to separate us, or kill one of us." "That I agree with, but we need to plan. It needs to be foolproof." "You're the genius strategist, I'm just a blunt weapon.” "No, you're not just a weapon, you're a leader, and the best pilot in the galaxy, well other than General Dameron" She kissed his shoulder and smiled, "Mmm Dameron, such talent." "Indeed, he will serve us well when the time comes." "So what do you think, are you with me" she asked. "Removing Snoke and taking our place on his throne? Of course, who could do it better than us," he said with a smile, imagining them as Emperor and Empress. The galaxy at their feet, a dream he definitely wanted to become a reality.