Kylo Ren always made himself clear about one specific rule: nobody could enter his room aboard the imposing Resurgent Star Destroyer known as Finalizer and that’s why he woke up alone in his room for one entire week. His face was still burning, his mask was gone, probably lost in the battle against the scavenger girl. He took his hand to his face and felt the wound caused by the garbage collector’s light saber, that saber was supposed to be his! She’d pay next time they find each other, it was a promise. His leg was aching too, it was at least ironic to think that the wookie who shot at him used to carry the little Ben to anywhere he wanted when he still lived with Leia Organa and Han Solo. Ren did not feel remorse for having killed his own father. Actually, Starkiller only worth because of Solo’s death. He didn’t kill him for hate, angry or anything like it, over time the smuggler had become indifferent to the Knight but the act of killing the man freed him from the temptation of the light. Now, he was feeling ready for whatever the Supreme Leader could ask, although he was afraid. What was bothering him in that specific moment wasn’t the pain in his leg or the big cut in his face, what was really hurting him was the humiliation of being defeated by a poor girl without any training. He also knew that the Starkiller’s destruction was kind of his fault, but he didn’t really care, his wish was to obtain power and power only to himself. Hux, Phasma and even Snoke could worry about the base, in Ren’s opinion they could always build another one. The old helmet which one day belonged to his grandfather, formerly known as Darth Vader, was under a dome in his room, he approached to the object seeing the plasteel and the metal twisted and deteriorated by time, somehow, he used to feel this strong connection with the relative that he never knew, a connection that he never felt with his parents or the legendary jedi who was his uncle. “It’s done”, he said, “Han Solo is dead and Luke’ll be the next, please, grandfather, give me strength to keep doing our job, to honor your legacy”. He tried to push away the bad thoughts, but now he was totally part of the dark side and bad thoughts were a constant companion. He felt the fear, he was afraid of what the Supreme Leader could request, he was afraid of being punished by his acts. He knew that fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hate, hate leads to suffering. Kylo Ren realized there was some pills by the side of his bed, probably painkillers, and he felt himself weak one more time. The hate was burning him from inside, the feeling of impotence, the rage. She was a fucking scavenger! Angrily he wielded his lightsaber and started to destroy his own things. Fuck the meds ! Absorbed in his rage he didn’t notice the general standing up next to his door, his red hair was carefully combed, his facial expression was serious and bored of seeing his colleague acting like a dumb again. When Ren finally overflowed his rage and stopped to look at the mess he did he heard the other’s man breath for the first time and picked some random object throwing to the ginger’s direction. - Get out of here! – he screamed, the hate was evident in his voice. Armitage Hux just stared him with contempt, he was always the one assigned to deal with Ren, the Supreme Leader’s favorite, the spoilt and annoying Kylo Ren. “Is your little show over?” he asked, sitting in the partially destroyed bed. “I SAID OUT” He repeated, Hux usually annoyed him more than the usual people by the fact that he, a normal human, did not feel afraid of the sith lord. The readhead man sighed, the slim figure of Ren was gasping. Suddenly he realized he wasn’t wearing his helmet and without it he felt naked, he didn’t barely remember when was the last time that the general saw his face and the rage started to being replaced for shame. “What do you want?” he asked, containing himself. “You’re pathetic” that was the other man’s answer. Ren was not angry with the general, he was used to argue with Hux all the time, every time that they tried to hold a conversation they offended each other. A silence hovered in the air. “You screwed everything up” Hux said, breaking the uneasy silence “how can we attack that fucking Resistance without our best weapon? Why you didn’t report that your father was in the base?” “ ‘Cause I didn’t want” he said “Han Solo is dead anyway” “But not the girl” the general pointed “and she is probably going to find your uncle. If she defeated you without any training imagine what she could do properly trained” “You don’t know anything of what you’re talking” Kylo replied “you can’t understand the Force” “I don’t need the Force to be a great soldier and a great general. Training and strategy are enough for me” he said confidently of his own skills. Ren stared him with rage in his eyes. “But your training isn’t perfect. All of this could be avoided if that Stormtrooper had not rescued the pilot” Somehow, those specific words reached the general, his deep blue eyes were filed with anger, but he was able to contain himself. “Well, Ren, even myself can’t reach a hundred per cent of use in everything I do, but I am pretty close if you wanna know. At least I’m not acting as a spoilt kid as you do” Kylo forced a laugh, the General was obviously testing his patient, he didn’t even notice when his hands encountered the ginger’s neck, his fingers were around it, pressing It, crushing it. He could kill him using the force, for sure, but the sensation of the other’s man bones breaking into his hands’d be much better. He never tried to hurt him until that day. However, he didn’t expect Hux to be able to escape from his hands, the smaller man kicked him right in the injured leg which was still aching. Ren knelt down ‘cause of the pain and Hux cough, Ren felt the weight of the general’s fist without being capable of say anything. He felt the first punch in his face, and the second, and the third… “I am not afraid of you, motherfucker” the general said with a bizarre smile in his face “you fucked everything up, Starkiller was my base!” For an instant, Kylo understood the other’s anger and permitted him to punch his face and kick his body as a punishment for his inconsequential acts. The soldier realized that the Knight wasn’t fighting back and recomposed himself, the indifference appeared in his face again as if nothing happened. “Is it over?” Kylo asked “do you really think that this is enough to deal with someone who’s strong with the For..” “You can put the Force into your ass” he said calmly “I don’t need it. I’ve already told you, I’m done of work with you” Kylo finally sat in the half-destroyed bed, besides the punches and the fight, it was one of the longest dialogues that he experimented with Hux, real talking, anyway. He was a jerk, of course, but Ren wasn’t different. Hux allowed himself to sit too, he was tired and bored, and he was done with Ren. “You don’t need to thank me for saving you” he said flustered. “It was you?” the tall man asked, curious “I remember I was conscious but my mind is a blur”. “Who else would be in charge for save your skinny ass, son of a bitch?” “Don’t know”. The feeling of humiliation invaded Kylo again, he was saved and rescued by a mere human whose ability was to think strategically better than the others. Maybe he wasn’t built to that kind of business. He sighted and looked the colleague, the blue eyes of the general were observing him. “Thank you” he said quietly. That words took the general by surprise. He was working with Ren for a couple of years and he never heard him thanking anybody for anything, he almost regretted of have punched him. Both men stared each other for some time. There was a tension between them and it wasn’t about the First Order or their jobs or about what happened in Starkiller, both knew it, it was about themselves. Hux threw himself in Kylo’s and kissed him right in the mouth, he was surprised when realized that the other man responded to his kiss with desire. “You could’ve been killed” he managed to say. The kisses got deeper, the soft tongues danced into their mouths, Kylo’s body wasn’t in pain anymore, the destroyed bed seemed too inviting for both men. They started to take their clothes off with urgency, Hux realized that Kylo’s leg was painted with some tone of purple where he was shot. None of them had never imagined how they’d look without their black clothes. Whoever looked Ren wearing so many clothes would never imagine that his slim body could be really well-built, the muscles of his abbs were apparent also his biceps. Hux was equally well-constructed, his body was a soldier’s body after all, but his legs were thicker and his skin even paler than Kylo’s which constrated with all the red hair over his body. They looked each other for some time without allowing themselves to think in what they were about to do. Hux pulled Ren next to him, intertwined the fingers his in silky black hair pulling them back, as far as he realized that the other man wasn’t bothered about his gesture he repeated the movement some times while kissing his neck, biting it with desire and a little bit of malevolence. “I think I know how you can discharge your rage” he declared. Ren was too proud to answer something, but the real answer was in his body, Hux knew since the other man retributed his kiss that he had total control of the situation and he would enjoy the most of that fact. He loved seeing Ren’s body all squirming, his hard dick, his lips wet and half-open, he noticed that his breathing was starting to gasp as result of the sexual effervescence. The general ran his hand through the other’s body, both were so pale that, close like they were, they looked like one. Hux’s skilled hand scratched Ren’s back passing through his stomach when they get to his shoulder he pulled him down staying above the other, the warrior looked him fiercenessly by realizing what would happen. Armitage Hux kept exploring Ren’s body with his hands leading them until one of the pink nipples of the other man and pinching it evilly. Kylo moaned in answer, a sadist smile appeared in Hux’s face which was covered by red beard. He knelt in front of the warrior, his pinky organ was perfectly hard and touched his lips with the head of it, but Ren kept his mouth closed. “Blow it” he ordered. The ex-jedi even thought about protest, he didn’t like to admit that he was desiring it as hard as the adept general, but his own cock throbbing hard against his abs condemned him. In an involuntary movement, his lips opened and his throat was filled with the pulsating member of the soldier. Ren’s lips were soft and contrasted with the feeling of his rough tongue, the sith has already been with more women than he could count but it was the first time that he was with someone of his own sex. Despite the strangeness his instincts guided him and he was a quick student too, he holds the general’s cock and started to blow him, moving his head forward and back. The pale body of the general contract with the partner’s touch, excited as he was he held the black hair of Ren tightly and pulled his head against his groin, Kylo gasped a little, some tears escaped from his eyes. Armitage laugh openly and repeated the movement, again Kylo gasped. Hux expected him to stop everything with rage, but he wasn’t mistaken when concluded that he was the one in the situation’s control in that night, when he looked in the other man eyes he realized he was… enjoying? “You’re a fucking little bitch, Ren” he declared laughing. For the first time Kylo smiled, a maliciousness smile, he was delightful about the general’s words and he’d never let him to screw what he was doing. Hux vibrated with Ren’s reaction and held his chin tightly, the cold blue eyes encountered the deep black eyes and the general spat in the delicate face of Ren. “Today you’ll do what I order” That act awakened Ren’s animosity, he tried to escape from Hux, but the man was stronger than it looks, he was a soldier after all. He held Kylo’s wrists against the shattered bed and with his own legs he trapped him, when their gazes found each other’s again it was like if Kylo Ren could read the general’s mind without use his abilities, “you’re not going anywhere”. Hux soft lips shocked against Ren’s, he allowed the ginger to break into his mouth, their tongues intertwined in a sensual dance. Kylo wasn’t used to kisses, but Hux enjoyed kissing and he liked to see that his now lover was getting more and more comfortable, his hot and wet tongue playing more and more inside his mouth. Armitage Hux decided to stop torturing the other for now, he guided his face directly to Ren’s neck, kissing it, provocatively bit his earlobe, with his fingers teased his nipples, that acts were enough to make him squirm. When the general raised his head again, Kylo noticed that his hair was messy, there was some lock of red hair in his white forehead. He bit his low lip seeing that scene, Hux was damn handsome as he could realize, but as far as they were always arguing about war plans he had never stopped to contemplate his beauty. Of course he’d never say it out loud, he was too proud, anyway. Hux’s lips found Kylo’s stomach finally, one more contortion due to the touch happened. Armitage, realizing this area was pretty sensible bit it. He finally encountered Ren’s hard cock, it was notable in size, the thick veins apparent in it extension, the head wet. Hux started to suck him with rhythmic movements concentrating, firstly, in the extension of the organ to next focus in the tip covered by precum. Kylo Ren, who contained himself until that time, started to moan softly in consequence of the feeling of Hux’s lips around his dick. The general loved to see him too vulnerable, he knew he was just a spoilt kid thirst for power, but who had the power was Armitage Hux, the human with no special abilities, at least that night. Without any warning Hux moistened his fingers roughly with saliva and pressed against the other’s entrance while his mouth was still working in the hard dick. Ren’s white body resisted to that exquisite touch, writhing, but Hux was persistent and patiently continued forcing his finger against the pink bottom of Ren until it opened for him. He spent some time in there playing, Ren gasped in consequence of the sensation of burning inside him, although he was feeling invaded he liked the feeling of it. Hux realizing that Ren’s body was getting used with his finger, inserted a second one with some difficult, Kylo moaned. The general free hand roamed by his pale thighs, maliciously pressing the purple wound only to see him contracting in pain. A strange sound escaped from Ren’s throat in consequence of the unexpected touch, but the pleasure provided by the skilled mouth stands out in pain and he loved the mixture of the feelings. Hux was already inpatient, he enjoyed seeing Kylo all denfenseless, loved seeing his body answering his touch, but his own erection was pulling impatient waiting for some relief. He couldn’t wait to see Ren’s expression in the moment he penetrates him. The long legs of Ren were now in Hux’s shoulders, the general started to force himself into the knight’s tight entrance, the lubrification was pretty rustic made with saliva. Kylo trembled and closed his eyes, his partner kept forcing himself inside Ren, feeling his cozy rectum, he was so fucking tight and warm that the General couldn’t disguise the waves of pleasure which was running down his spine while he was entering the black-haired man. When he was completed inside, Ren finally verbalized something with his eyes still closed. “Do what you have to do” he said, he knew that when Hux started to move the pain would return. “Only if you open your eyes” the general answered. The tall man opened his eyes slowly his lips were wet and half-opened, he was still getting used with that foreign organ inside him, everything was aching and burning, but his erection was still as hard as a rock against his abs, he was enjoying all that new sensations. Seeing him gasping, the leader of First Order’s army realized for the first time that Ren was nothing more nothing less than a human, a skilled human, of course, a human with special abilities, but a human. He could feel pain and pleasure like a normal person. Hux was going crazy with desire. He started to move slowly, Kylo’s entrance was so tight that even Hux’s dick was aching pressed by it. Ren was moaning out loud now, his vibrant voice was even more beautiful to hear in that guttural melody. Hux lowered Ren’s legs down and approached their bodies biting the lips of the partner with lust and licking it next. Kylo Ren’s body was dithering, he was finally feeling pleasure in penetration in the same time that he was feeling his cock being rubbed against both belly’s, the mixture of the sensations was making him go crazy. Hux was going faster and harder not mattering if he was hurting Ren’s body or not, the unison moanings were resonating through the sith’s room, the general pressed the knight wrists against what left from the bed and reached orgasm inside the partner. However, Ren’s dick was still pulsing painfully against his stomach, Hux, still inside of the partner, lead one of his hands to the other’s cock and maturbated him until he comes, his semen ran down to the messy and destroyed sheet. Both of them looked to each other for some time, an uneasy silence prevailed, none of them had strength to stand up. Kylo’s body was aching not only in his injuries but also his muscles and his anus recently invaded. Hux got up after sometime, picked his clothes from the ground and head to the bathroom of the suite without saying any word, he allowed the hot water ran down his body. By returning to the room he saw Ren still lying in the now totally destroyed bed, when their gazes found each other they deviated automatically. Whoever saw Armitage Hux in that moment wouldn’t be able to even imagine what just happened, his hair was not messy anymore but combed and clean as always. His face expression was of really serious and experienced general again. He was already leaving when Kylo broke the silence, however his words were rude, he was kind of smiling. “I hate you” he said. “I know” Hux answered and left, but a smile appeared in his face in the moment he turned. Notes: This story was originally written in brazilian portuguese, so if there is any translation problem warn me! (I don't know how to get a beta yet). I'm translating all my works and I'll post it in here soon, most of them are Star Wars related. I confess that Kylux isn't my the force awakens OTP, actually is Stormpilot, but I really loved to write this story. See you soon. If you wanna know more about me, you can check out my tumblr: https://dovahkiin6669.tumblr.com