CHAPTER 1 “Mommy, wake up!”, the voice of her daughter made Rey wake up. Still tired from another night plagued by dreams about dark brown eyes and the helplessness that she had felt after she had found out she was pregnant four years ago, she opened her eyes. Ivy looked at her with a smile that spread from one side of her face to the other and instantly blew away any bad feelings that remained from her dreams. Her brown locks looked like the wild mane of her lion, completely scattered around her head and her brown eyes looked at her with an expectant expression. Ivy looked like her father in many ways. Her hair, her facial features and the way she moved in a controlled and graceful way, even though she was only three years old, made it impossible for Rey to deny the resemblance to her father, but it did not stop her from trying from time to time. She had left Ivys father a week after she had found out she was pregnant. She did not tell him anything about the pregnancy, about Ivy being born. They had a tumultuous on-off-relationship before she left him and Rey knew deep inside he might have loved her, but his work in his grandfathers’ law firm had always been and would always be more important to him than anything else. She did not want a father for her child who was barely at home and had no time to establish a relationship with his daughter, because there were new clients at the firm needing his attention. Sure, she could have told him and left him anyways or make him pay for the child but they money would not have made up for the time he would not be spending with his child. The thought of terminating the pregnancy came to her mind once, after her boss Unkar Plutt fired her after she told him about her condition and she was not able to pay the rent for her small studio apartment anymore, but was after all no option for her. She loved her baby from the first day it existed and continued to fight, not only for herself but for the wellbeing of Ivy. When she was five months pregnant Rey was forced out of her apartment and found herself on the doorstep of a small Inn at the edge of the city. Luckily she had saved some money to pay for the small apartment Poe Dameron, the owner of the small Inn generously gave her. Over the time they established a friendship and Poe even offered her a job as a maid. She only worked as a maid a few months before she gave birth to Ivy, but as she started working again he offered her the position as the receptionist at the Inn. Rey loved working at the “Resistance Inn” and she was thankful for Poe recognizing it. She loved helping visitors check in and out, describing to them which places around the Inn they had to see, but most of all she loved the atmosphere existing in the whole Inn and being so close to her child. She could leave Ivy in her crib on the second floor and only take the baby-phone with her to hear if Ivy was crying or not. When she first set foot in it, she never thought that one time it would feel like home in the way that it does now. As a kid she herself never had a home. Her parents, probably unable to take care of a baby for whatever reason, abandoned her before she was even old enough to get to know them and she was pushed around in foster care system, from one family to another, unsuccessful in building stable relationships with them. When she was younger she had wondered many times, if her features would be more like her mothers or if she was as stubborn as her father and imagined them one day returning to her. Getting pregnant at 19 changed her perspective and made her grow up. Made her realize that she did not need to wonder about what could have been, but about what would be in the future. Her future was Ivy, who was now directly looking into her eyes, impatiently waiting for her mother to finally stop daydreaming. With her eyebrows in a frown, she looked even more like her father. How often had she seen him sitting at his desk, frowning at the inability of his least favorite Co-Worker with the strange name Hux. Rey tried to control the knot in her stomach occurring when she thought of her ex-boyfriend and instead took her daughter in her arms. Ivys scent was sweet, innocent and her laugh as Rey started to tickle her made every bad feeling instantly go away. Her body was small for her age and she was slim. Both characteristics she inherited from her mother. Poe had often told Rey that she should eat more, but she was just used to the necessary amount of food, simply because she had not been able to afford more before he promoted her and was now used to it. In Ivys case however was she still amazed how much food sometimes fit into her little belly and how she stayed so slim after all. She guessed that running around like a little whirlwind and playing tag with Poe and the other staff of the Inn must do that to her daughter. “Stop it, Mommy!“, screamed her daughter in a high-pitched voice as she was able to catch her breath. For a split second Rey stopped tickling her, just to attack her a few moments later again. Ivy started giggling, shaking her legs and tried to tickle her mother as well. With a bright smile Rey let go of her and checked her phone. She had forgotten to set an alarm, but thankfully she could trust her daughter on days like this. Ivy had a habit of waking up early, like many other children her age and the urge of wanting to explore the world before the sun rose in the sky. She loved outdoors, learning the names of trees and animals living in the areas around the Inn. Most of all, she loved the place where she would learn all of it: Preschool. Rey had been unsure if she should let Ivy go to preschool after she turned three but Poe convinced her of doing so. She had heard many horror stories of children hating their preschool and throwing tantrums if they had to go there, but with Ivy thankfully everything was easy. Rey drove her there before she started to work and picked her up, when her lunch break started, let her take a nap in their little apartment on the second floor and went back to work. When she was finished she went back to their apartment, woke Ivy up of she had not woken up by herself and cooked dinner. “Mommy”, Ivy stood up on the soft mattress. Her hands on her hips made her look incredibly sassy, “we have to get up”. “But first you have to give me a kiss”, answered Rey, pulling her daughter closer to her. Ivy giggled and kissed her on the lips, before she jumped of the bed. She wore her favorite Peppa Pig Pajamas, even though they looked baggy on her because Rey bought them a size bigger as usual for Ivy to grow into. The floor of Reys bedroom was cold and she shuddered, before closing the big window over her bed. It had snowed overnight. Ivy will love that, she thought and smiled to herself, while she followed Ivy into her bedroom. The room was very small, but it had two big windows which flooded the room with light. Ivys little bed stood directly under them, next to a box with her Barbie dolls and other toys. On the dresser standing across at the right side of the room stood many different pictures of Ivy and Rey and a framed paper of marks of Ivys little footprints, taken just hours after she was born. Rey quickly dressed her daughter in her favorite Rudolph-the-red-nosed-reindeer sweater and dark jeans and tamed her hair in a French braid, before she went back to her own room and made her bed. The furniture in her room consisted only of her big bed, a dresser and a mirror on the wall, but it was enough for her. She did not need more. The main room of the apartment was much more comfortable. Rey had been able to afford a nice table with six chairs, cupboards, a stove, a fridge and a dishwasher. In the left corner of the room stood a couch formerly from the reception area of the Inn and a small TV, that was rarely used by Rey. Reys favorite pictures of Ivy and her were scattered on every wall in the small apartment, next to some paintings Ivy had drawn and given to Rey. With quick movements, she prepared a lunchbox for Ivy and packed it in her little pink backpack and finished getting ready for work, just in time for her daughter demanding her to drive her to preschool. With her daughter on her left hand and her car keys and gloves in the right, she took the stairs leading to the reception area of the Inn. Poe was already standing behind the desk, wearing a beige sweater, matching the color of the walls and jeans. He smiled seeing Ivy, who had freed herself from her mothers’ hand, running toward him and opened his arms to catch her at full speed. “Mommy is driving me to preschool!”, she said, smiling at Poe. “That’s great, Ivy”, he answered politely and sat her down. “Are you coming to?”. “She never asks me that, you know”, Rey said, pulling the gloves over Ivys small hands, “you should definitely feel honored”. “Oh, I am, I am really honored”, Poe looked at Rey before turning his attention back to the little girl looking up to him, “but sadly I can’t. I have to work and then I’m going to meet someone”. “Maybe tomorrow”, Ivy answered with a hopeful tone in her voice. Poe just nodded, still smiling. “You’re meeting the hot guy you told me so much about?”, Rey padded him playfully on the shoulder, cutting of the conversation between Poe and Ivy. Poe blushed. “What was his name?”. “Finn. His name was Finn”. “You have to tell me everything when I come back”, said Rey thrilled, “every little thing”. “I promise”, Poe nodded, still blushing, “and you have fun at Preschool, Ivy”. “I will”, answered the little girl with much confidence in her voice, before grabbing her mothers hand again, “thank you”. By the time Rey and her daughter reached the parking lot behind the Inn, Rey was completely chilled through. She did not expect it was that cold outside. Her only hope for not freezing to death was that the heating vent in her car was working and not affected by the cold weather. Relief flooded her body, after she had buckled Ivy up in her booster seat, as she tried for the third time to start her old car and it finally did. Nearly the whole drive to the Preschool Ivy asked why Mommy called the guy Poe was meeting “hot” and what it meant, but Rey dodged answering her successfully. Instead they talked in the remaining time about how the snowman they are going to build should look like. They came to the conclusion that he will have to make do with a zucchini as a nose because Rey did not have carrots at home. While parking the car and going back to the entrance of the Inn, Rey was as thrilled as her daughter for building a snowman and the cold did not seem. She nearly crossed the whole parking lot, before she recognized a black, polished BMW parked between snowbound cars. Her heart sank to the pit of her stomach. She knew that car. The changed license plate gave her at least a little bit of hope, but her legs began to feel shaky as she was going back to the entrance of the Inn. It could not be. It simply could not be. Why would he be here? “Poe?”, she asked stepping into the place that usually made her feel like home. The whole room was empty. From the stereo behind the dark brown, wooden reception played a piece from “Tchaikovsky”. Reys steps echoed through the room, as she went up a few steps on the stairs. Her mind was racing with endless possibilities how he could have found out about Ivy and her. “Poe?”, she failed in trying to sound confident and controlling the knot in her stomach she already felt in the morning, “you promised you’d tell me everything about Finn. C’mon I want to know it all”. She sighed as she heard steps coming from the library next to the reception area. “Oh God, Poe, I really thought he was here”, Rey stated as she started walking toward the door to the library. While he came to her sight, Reys heart skipped a beat seeing the smile usually being glued on his face replaced by a serious expression. He was here. Poe knew his face from the pictures she never showed Ivy. The ones she kept save in a little boy beneath her bed. He had found out. He probably found out about Ivy. Or did he? Rey knew one thing, if he did not know about his daughter, she would not tell him. She knew, Poe had not, for sure. She would protect her little girl from getting hurt. Poes footsteps were closely followed by others and it did not take long, before Rey stood before the father of her child. She took a step back and tried to look confident, even though she felt as if she was going to pass out any second. He had changed over the years. His shoulder had grown broader and he had shaved his beard. He let his hair grow now, it nearly reached his neck. Overall he seemed to have grown some centimeter, but Rey knew that was impossible. He was 32 when she last saw him, a grown man, they do not grow anymore. He just looked more intimidating in his black suit, tie and shirt. His brown eyes wandered down on her and she had the urge to cover her body with her hands although she was wearing a beige button-down shirt and a black skirt. When his brown eyes met hers, she saw his cold expression and felt a shiver going down her spine. Silently she in- and exhaled deeply, before breaking the Silence. “Ben”. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 2 “Ben”. “It’s Kylo Ren now”, answered Reys ex-boyfriend. She realized the tone with which he spoke. It could not be colder. There was no sign of affection toward her. “Kylo Ren?”, Rey repeated. A few years ago she would have laughed, if he had told her he that he changed his name from Ben Solo to Kylo Ren, but the current situation made it impossible for her. She just stood there, in front of her ex-boyfriend whom she never thought she would see again. Only Ivy being at Preschool gave her a hint of feeling relieved, but still there was the possibility of Ben already knowing about her. “Yes”, Rey felt like the way he was talking to her, was like the way he usually talked to his clients. Clinical and detached. Ben, or Kylo as he called himself now, was one of the best defenders in town. It was a mystery to Rey how he already defended even the worst criminals from a long prison sentence or going to jail. Maybe it was the way he moved, controlled and dignified, that made everybody have respect for him or feel intimidated by him. She had seen him at court once. The expression on his face looked like he was wearing a mask, cold and arrogant. He seemed superior to everybody else, radiating pure self-confidence. His expression had changed when he was with her. He still looked confident, not in the arrogant way he did at court but in a way that made Rey feel attracted to him. His expression was never soft mainly due to his hard facial features, but when he had looked at it changed. He had started to smile more and when he did Reys heart started beating in an irregular pace. He had a warmth in his eyes, a sign of affection, when he had looked at her, that was completely gone now. Rey felt as if he was wearing the mask, he wore at court, while he looked at her. His eyes completely fixed on hers. No sign of affection in them. “Why?”. “It’s not necessary to acknowledge the reasons”. Rey shrugged. She was not interested in knowing what brought him to abandoning the name his parents gave him. She did not learn much about Kylos parents or the relationship he had with them, but when she had heard the way he talked to them over the phone, angry and with no respect, she did not ask him about it, in order to prevent fighting with him. After telling him once, that she thought it would be important to cherish your family if you had one and they had gotten into a nasty fight which lead to the first of many break-ups. They regularly made up every few weeks after they had spent some time apart, but were pulled back to each other like magnets. It was toxic, but they at that time Rey nor Kylo had wanted to be without the other. Finding out she was pregnant, had provided Rey with a reason for completely cutting off any connection she had to Kylo. A child needed a stable environment and that definitely had not been the case if she had stayed with Kylo. “What do you want here?”, Rey tried to sound as confident as Kylo did, while she straightened herself up and forced herself to take a few steps toward Poe and Kylo. Poe, clearly uncomfortable with the situation and standing next to Reys ex-boyfriend, tried to smile politely. “You know why I’m here, Rey”, a shudder went down her spine as he spoke her name. “I don’t”, she answered, her hands clenched to fists, “I haven’t heard from you for four years”. Kylo sighed and started to circle her. His steps echoed through the whole room and Rey felt her skin tickle as he did not let her of his sight. “I know about the child, our child”. Rey swallowed hard and stayed silent. She wished that it all would be a bad dream from which she would wake up any minute. She did not understand why he would come here. There was no possible explanation for him coming here. He did not care about anything else than his work so why would he come here wanting to get to know his daughter? “She’s mine, not ours”, Rey spat out, angry at his choice of words, “you weren’t here”. “That’s because you didn’t tell me”, Kylo did not raise his voice, but Rey could see in his body language how angry he was. It surprised her. “I protected her!”. “From me?”. “Yes from you”. “Why?”. “Do I really need to answer this question?”, Rey felt anger growing inside her. He could not be that oblivious. “Yes, I’d love to hear your answer”. “I protected her from you!”, Rey said, “You wouldn’t have cared about her like you didn’t care about me! You just worked, worked and worked!”. “You’re lying to yourself! I cared about you!”. “Sure, when you needed someone to have sex with or when you had time to spare, but you would leave me the minute you’d got a call from the office!”. Kylo crossed his arms and looked at her. The tension in the room was thick, nearly overwhelming Rey, but what she said was true. Kylo knew that and it just reassured Rey that her decision had been right. “How did you find out?”. “I hired a private investigator, after Snoke told me he saw you with a little girl somewhere in the city”, answered Kylo coldly. “You did what? Are you serious?!”, Anger overwhelmed Rey, as she went up to Kylo. She had always been careful when she went into the city with Ivy, afraid of someone that knew Kylo seeing her with a child, but out of all things it had to be the boss of Kylo who had seen her and ratted her out. Kylo had to look down at her, because of their height difference. The knot in her stomach came back as she looked at him, realizing how his daughter had inherited most of his facial features. “I did what I had to do, Rey”, she saw him trying to stop a smirk from creeping onto his lips, “I have rights, you know”. “You’re unbelievable!”, Rey screamed, “I know you got rights, but I raised her. I taught her how to walk, how to talk. I was there for her! I am always there for her. She’s my everything!”. “I could have been too if you had told me!”, Kylos voice grew louder too, “but you held these experiences back from me! You decided what was best for her, without asking me. You didn’t even tell me you were pregnant. You just left with a note saying you couldn’t do this anymore. I am her father, Rey!”. “Oh, you’re sure you are? Who told you that? The private investigator you hired?”, Rey snapped at him, “did you ever think about the possibility of her not being yours before you came here? Maybe you weren’t the only one with whom I’ve fucked with!” “Oh, come on, Rey! Don’t be childish. We were in love back then. You would not have cheated on me and I did not cheat on you”, Kylo controlled himself better than Rey did, “anyhow, that is not important. Either way I want a paternity test and if I’m her father, which I’m sure will be the case, I want to see her regularly and if you deny me the right to see my child, we can settle this at court. You know, that in that way there won’t be a positive outcome for you. So in the end it’s your choice. You let me see her regularly and we’ll have an agreement or you can be sure to lose her forever”. Notes: Thanks for reading! :) Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 3 For a brief moment Rey was completely at a loss for words. Kylos’ words echoed in her head, but she did not understand them. She needed some time to process what he was telling her to understand how he was threatening her. “You’re obnoxious!”, she slammed her hands against his chest. It felt like it was made of stone. Cold from the winter air and unbreakable. Invincible. The anger burning in her chest was overwhelming her. The way he talked to made her feel so helpless. The worst thing was, that she knew what he said was true. Kylo knew how to act around the people at court. He knew what he had to say, how he had to act for them to understand his position. Simply because it was his job. He possessed power there and he had money. More money than Rey. He could provide Ivy with anything she would ask him to buy for her, from a doll to a dog. “How dare you to come here and threaten me?!”, Rey tried to push Kylo again to get him further away from her, but he caught her hands with his before they could hit his chest again. His grip was tight, nearly to tight and his hands radiated heat on Reys’ cold hands. Kylo held her hands in his for a few seconds, looking into her eyes. Rey felt small. Smaller than she already was. It seemed as if he could see through her, as if he could read everything racing through her mind. His eyes were dark, darker than she remembered them to be and she wished to see something reassuring her that he still had compassion for her. It was in vain. The expression in his eyes was as cold as it had been when he had first laid eyes on her in the reception area of the Inn. “Let go of me!”, she freed her hands from his grip and crossed them in front of her chest. Her heart was pounding so fast she was afraid it would jump out of her body. “I’m not threatening you”, Kylo said calmly, “I’m her father, Rey. I know that you probably ignored the fact for the time that has passed since you left me, but now is the time when you need to accept it. I’m her father, I’m here and I will get to know her, one way or another. It’s my responsibility and I will fulfill it, no matter what you do”. Rey just looked at him unable to move or to speak. She was impressed by what he had said, about the way he seemingly wanted to care, even though his choice of words intimated her at the same time. He had been right when he said that she had tried to ignore the fact that he was Ivys’ father. She had tried and failed miserably every time she had looked at her daughter. Him being here was another point on the list, that made it impossible for her to forget about her daughters’ father. Tears were welling up in her eyes, but she tried to keep them from rolling down her cheeks. She would not give Kylo the pleasure of seeing her cry. Not after the four years that had passed since she had seen him for the last time. “Listen, Kylo, Ben, whatever your name is”, Poe had watched Kylo and her fight from a safe distance but came up to them now. He must have seen the despair in Reys’s eyes. As he stood between Rey and Kylo, she was finally able to in- and exhale again, even if it was just flat. The tension that had build up in her body over the last minutes, stayed with her nonetheless. “You better leave now”, Kylo had opened his mouth, but Poe was the faster one to speak. He was not much taller than Rey, so he had to raise his head as well in order to look at Kylos’ face. Rey could not see the expression of Poes’, but Kylos’ made it clear how much he disapproved of Poe stepping in. The way he frowned at him instantly reminded her of Ivy. “Listen, Poe”, answered Kylo, after he had read the name tag Poe wore on his sweater, “it’s Kylo Ren”. Kylo grabbed something from the inside pocket of his jackett. It was a small card, grey with his name, his phone number from work and his private number printed on it in black letters. Rey took it from his hand that he had reached out to her, even though her fingers were trembling. “Call me in the next two days and tell me what decision you made”, Kylo told her, putting his coat on in one swift motion. He had nearly reached the door, before he turned around and looked at Rey: “if you haven’t decided by Saturday, I’ll come back here and I doubt that our child won’t be here, like it is the case today. I hate to repeat myself but remember I’ll get to know her, no matter what you decide, Rey. I can take whatever I want and if you didn’t realize it yet, I want to tell you that what I just said, was a thread”. The door was not completely closed yet, as the world started spinning before Reys’ eyes. She felt as if she was drowning, not being able to in- and exhale deeply. The fast pace of her heartbeat made her feel afraid of having a heart attack every minute. The little card Kylo had given her clenched in her fist, she started shaking. “What a dick”, Poe said, stil looking at the door through which Kylo had just exited the room. “I can’t breathe”, Rey barely got the words out between her hurried breaths, as Poe turned around, his eyes growing bigger as he realized what was happening, “I can’t breathe, Poe”. He took her hands, which had already started get numb and lead her to the dark orange couch standing at the right wall of the room. When he sat down next to her, he put her hands on his chest. “Focus on my breathing, Rey”, he told her calmly, fixating her eyes with his, “I think you’re having a panic attack. Just breathe. It’ll all be alright”. She wanted to tell him how overwhelmed and intimidated she felt, how anything would not be alright again, but all she could manage were hurried breaths. Her head was pounding so hard, she felt as if she was going to pass out. “Breathe, Rey”. Slowly but surely she finally managed to concentrate on the way Poes was breathing in and out and the way his chest rose and sank. The world was still spinning around her, but she was able to take a few deep breaths and fill her lungs with air. The burning sensation she had felt a few seconds ago was gone. She looked at her hands, which she started to feel again and lifted them from Poes chest. He looked extremely worried. “I don’t know what to do, Poe”, Rey started, in- and exhaling again, “I don’t know what to do”. Tears were shamelessly rolling down her face, dripping from her face down to her black skirt. She did not have to hold them back anymore. Poe took her in his arms. Her thoughts were speeding recklessly in her head, so fast she was not able to follow. Rey had never felt so overwhelmed before, like she did now. She had never imagined in her head what would happen if she would meet Kylo again, but she could not think of any scenario that being worse than the one that just happened. He had already won. Like he said, he would meet Ivy, no matter which option she would choose. Although she did not have much of a choice. She simply would not be able to afford a lawyer, so good he could win a case against Kylo. Overwhelmed by her emotions, she cried on Poes chest until there were no tears left. - She could not have wished for a better friend than Poe. After she had cried herself out, he told her to go to her apartment and rest, instead of welcoming new visitors behind the reception desk. He had called someone else, Rey did not hear whom, from the staff, who would handle she tasks Rey usually did. Before she went upstairs, he had given her the little grey card she had nearly forgotten on the couch and had told her, that no matter which decision she would make, he would always help her. Rey did not sleep at all after she had washed her face, but just laying on her bed and staring at the ceiling helped to get even the last remaining’s of her headache disappear. Her thoughts kept screaming at her and a vision of Kylos dark eyes flashed before her eyes every time she blinked, all the way from the apartment to when she drove to Ivys preschool and had picked her up, but she tried to ignore them the best way she could. As they had finished lunch, which consisted of store-bought mac’n’cheese, Ivy did not want to take a nap, so Rey and her played with some of her dolls. When Ivy finally feel asleep after Rey hold read her at least five books, she felt as if there was not a single drop of strength left in her body, but decided to take a shower anyways. The hot water was soothing and relaxing. Just what she needed. The tension of the whole day seemed to be leaving her body, while the water was cleansing her skin. Stepping out of the shower, only putting her white robe on, she silently went back into Ivys room. A warm feeling began radiating from her heart, filling her whole body, as she looked at her little child. Ivy was completely tangled up in her blanket, her little limbs spread from her body, like a starfish. Some of her brown locks had freed themselves out of the French braid, were wet with sweat and stuck to her small forehead. The fairy lights, which Poe had put up for Ivy, were sparking and preventing the darkness from completely entering the little girls room. Ivy had been afraid of the dark, like any child her age, but as soon as Poe had put up the lights she had felt safe. Sometimes when she had a bad dream, she crawled into Reys bed, who instantly pulled her closer and held her in her arms until they woke up in the morning. Rey cherished those nights. They way her child cuddled into her, Ivys sweet scent and the way she looked at her in the morning, with a bright smile, were memories she would never forget. She did not want that to stop. Extremely careful of not waking Ivy up she gently stroked the hair out of her daughters face, while she kept looking at her innocent face. She was completely unaware of what was going on around her. Slowly she walked out of Ivys room back into her own. Her phone, which was laying on the bed made a beeping sound, so she went over and looked at it. “It’ll all be alright. I’m with you”. She smiled at Poes massage, thanked him quickly and wished him good luck for his date. When she put back her phone, she saw the little crumbled up card laying next to her on the bed. Images of Kylo flashed before her eyes, followed by those of Ivy tangled up in her bed. Even though her heart felt incredibly heavy and she felt it was starting to pound heavily again, Rey realized she could not outrun the decision, she knew she had already made. The knot in her stomach grew stronger, while she dialed the second number on the little card. She did not have to wait long before he picked up. “I just want to talk”, Rey said. Notes: Thank you for reading this chapter! :) Chapter 4 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 4 Rey only talked to Kylo for ten minutes. She still felt weird calling him by his new name. He had still been at the office. Even though she still felt angry deep inside about the way he had treated and threatened her earlier, she told him that she had made her decision about letting him see his daughter. They agreed to meet up on the next day, in the coffee shop in the heart of the city. Kylo would come to pick her up in her lunch break and they would drive to town together. She had declined his offer at first, saying she could drive by herself there, but he persisted on him coming to the Inn and picking her up. Rey did nor have the strength nor the need to fight about such an insignificant thing, so she gave in. He had hung up quickly after that, saying he had to finish his work. Rey felt as if she had run several miles after the call. Her palms were sweaty, her head was throbbing and her heart was beating in that fast pace again, that it had already did when she had fought with Kylo. Sitting on her bed, she texted one of the mothers of Ivys friends of preschool if she could pick her up tomorrow and apologized that it was at such short notice. Thankfully she did not mind. Once again she went back into Ivys room seeing that her daughter had completely changed her sleeping position. She was lying on her side, her legs stretched and her little arms pulling her blanket closer to her. The view of her daughter calmed her, so much that her heart slowly began to beat in a normal pace again. When she went back to her room and laid in her bed, she had almost convinced herself that she had made the right decision. Getting into a custody battle would harm Ivy more than meeting her father, Rey told herself once again before she felt the exhaustion of the day wash over her and drifted off to sleep. She woke up early in the morning, even earlier than Ivy did, after some hours of sleep. The sun was starting to rise and turning the white color of her walls into a dark orange. With a sigh Rey got up. She opened the window she had left closed for the night, because of the cold weather outside and breathed in the crisp November air. Trying to ignore the nausea and excitement that reeked havoc in the pit of her stomach, she waited for the cold air to replace the thick, warm air that had accumulated over night in her room. After putting on a pair of dark blue jeans and an off-white colored sweater, she went into the kitchen and prepared breakfast for Ivy. Rey would not talk of herself as a good cook, but she still managed to cook pancakes shaped like Mickie Mouse and was pretty proud of that ability. She woke Ivy up after she had finished preparing breakfast and watched her daughter jump with excitement as she looked on her plate. While Ivy devoured roughly four pancakes, Rey only managed to get one of them down. She had tried to listen to the things her daughter had tried to tell her, something about horses and princesses, but she did not remember anything about it when she walked down the stairs to the reception area. She had quickly talked to Poe, telling him she decided to meet up with Kylo in her lunch break, while her daughter played with her toy on the orange couch, unaware of the changes the day would certainly bring. Before Rey left Ivys preschool she hugged her daughter tight, tighter than usual, telling her how much she loved her. The hours at work went by fast, almost too fast for Reys taste. Poe had told her everything about his date with Finn, what he liked about him and had beamed all the way through it. It made Rey happy to seem him like this, excited and joyful, so that the nausea which had plaguing her since the early morning hours disappeared for some time. He had asked her once after she came back from preschool if she wanted to talk about Kylo, but she quickly denied it. He promised her again that he would have her back no matter what would happen in the next hours. Rey was thankful for that. Poe was the first real friend she did ever have, after years of being neglected by her foster families and the bad relationship she had with Kylo. It took her some time to get used to him caring about her and later caring about Ivy, but gladly she did in the end. She was just talking to a former guest who wanted to book a room for yet another visit, as the main door opened and Kylo stepped in. Rey in- and exhaled deeply, before telling the customer that everything would be ready for his visit and signaling her ex-boyfriend that she would be ready in some minutes. He understood her gesture and nodded, the snowflakes in his hair and on his shoulder contrasting his black coat. He seemed out of place, too tall and too dark, as he wandered around in the small reception area which was painted in the light color beige. Rey quickly wrote Poe a note saying she would try to come as soon as possible and put on her jacket which was hanging over the chair behind her, before she went up to Kylo. She recognized that he still seemed tense, but not as tense as he did when he first came to the Inn. The dark shadows under his eyes gave away that he did not get much of a goodnights rest as well. "Are you ready?", he asked, looking down at her. Rey simply nodded. From the library echoed the laughter of some guest through the room and followed them as they went up to the door. Kylo had reached the handle before she did, holding the heavy wooden door open for her. Rey knew she was blushing, caught off guard by his gesture and quickly looked away. His whole car smelled exactly like Kylo, minty and fresh with a slight undertone of cedar wood. She had always liked it. "You've made the right decision, Rey", stated Kylo as he started his car, breaking the awkward silence, that had stayed with them from the moment they had exited the Inn until they had gotten into the car. "I know", answered Rey, her eyes glued on the road. She felt uncomfortable sitting so close to him, even if it was for a couple of minutes. He, on the other hand, was better at hiding the way he was feeling behind a mask of an emotionless expression, racing his way into the city and cutting of other cars in the process in a way that made Rey gasp several times. He opened the door to the coffee shop for her again. This time Rey expected it, saying a quick "thank you" as she entered the crowded room. It was no sign of affection, more one of the good manners, he had been taught. Nothing had changed in the "Café Continental". In three of the four walls were windows built in, that matched the length of the wall and let the sunlight flood the room. The counter was made of dark wood and in the display next to it stood the best cakes in the city. The wall behind it was painted bright orange with white dots. As they walked through the coffee shop to one of the free tables next to the big windows, Rey did realize how everyone was staring at Kylo and her. His dark clothes did not match the friendly atmosphere of the coffee shop and attracted attention. There were mainly students from the university a few streets away from here sitting in the dark wooden chairs and bright orange couches, but they all wore big sweater, leggings or a pair of washed up jeans. It reminded her of the time she had met Kylo here for the first time. It had been a hot August morning. The city was buzzing with people. She had just finished school and was running from one job interview to another, so that she would finally be able to afford her own place. She still knew how tired she had felt and how shitty she must have looked coming back from yet another unsuccessful job interview, desperate for caffeine to wake her up again. Kylo had ordered before she did, but she did not hear it. He stood a few steps away from the counter, so that she did not see him at all or ignored him, while she desperately waited for the barista to finish her coffee. She had grabbed the first cup, the barista had put on the counter, not seeing the name written on it. The moment she had wanted to cross street next to the "Café Continental" and had nearly finished the coffee she heard someone call her name. Bewildered she had turned around, just to see Kylo, when his name was still Ben come toward her, a shy grin on his face. She did not remember what he wore on that day, she just knew that it had not been something black. He did have something about him, which had intrigued Rey from the first moment she had met him. Maybe his dark eyes, or the hair that was not completely tamed as it is now, but had looked more tousled. "I think you took my coffee", he had said, pointing to the name on the cup she was holding. Rey had apologized for the mistake, offering to give him back his money, but he politely declined. Just as she had begun to walk away, he had called her name again and made her promise to meet him the next morning at the "Café Continental". She did. "Rey", Kylos voice woke her up from her daydreams, "do you want something else other than coffee?". "No", she said quickly. He put his coat over one of the two chairs standing at the table, before he went up to the counter. Rey watched him from behind after she had sat down and had taken off her jacket as well. It surprised her that he did not wear his suit today, but a pair of dark jeans and a long-sleeved dark grey shirt. Not seeing him in his work attire made her feel a little bit more comfortable. She must have stared at him, recognizing the way his muscles moved under the tight shirt, because he turned his head and looked directly into her eyes. His gaze was intense, making Rey feel a shiver down her spine and then quickly looking away. She waited to look up until he returned, holding two steaming hot cups of coffee and she was sure the pink color on her cheeks had vanished. He did even drink his coffee black, other than Rey who always put cream and at least three spoons of sugar in it, after she had been pregnant with Ivy. The coffee was still too hot to drink it, so Rey put her hands around the cup and let the warmth radiate on her skin. After some time, she felt Kylos gaze on her. "You said you wanted to talk", he started with no sign of kindness in his voice, while he kept looking at her, "start talking then". "Yes", Rey straightened herself up, while trying not to be intimidated by him. His face had lost even the little bits of softness, that were still there five years ago. His facial features were hard, with an expression in his eyes that was as cold as it had been when he had come to the "Resistance Inn" for the first time. The way his hair was tousled after he had ran his hand through them to get the snowflakes out, reminded Rey of the Ben she once knew. He was still handsome. "You can see Ivy", Rey started, "but under my conditions". She took a deep breath, trying to calm her pounding heart. "Her name's Ivy?". "Yes", Rey answered, "I liked that name. I still do. It fits her". "That's great if you like it", he sneered, stirring his coffee. "What would you have wanted to name her?", she curiously asked him for his answer, as he was so openly disapproving of the name. "Oh, the name is fine", he took a sip of his coffee, "I just think I'd like it better, if we had discussed it before". "If you want an apology for me not telling you about the pregnancy, it's not going to happen. I had my reasons and it was the right decision for me", she blurted out. "I know that you think that it was the right decision for you, Rey, you made that very clear". Rey closed her eyes and took a slow, deep breath, feeling the anger rise in her chest again. She reminded herself again that she did not came here to fight with him. "Maybe it wasn't fair", she began, beginning to get more nervous and fiddling at her sweater, "but I can't change it and we're here now for Ivys wellbeing. I want her to have a great childhood. You say you are her father, that you have responsibilities, so you should want that to. It doesn't help if you hold this grudge against me and outlive it in front of her. Kids can sense bad feelings". Kylo looked at her, silently, before he nodded. Rey recognized something flickering behind his eyes for such a short time, she nearly missed it. It looked like a mixture of sadness and anger taking control over him for a brief moment, before he was able to gain back his composure. "That is the main point of my conditions. I want us to act civil around Ivy. She needs to know that we don't hate each other. You can have her from Friday to Sunday, I'll have her from Monday to Friday evening. I'd like to change the schedule every two weeks, so that I'll have some free time at the weekend too", Rey took a sip from her coffee, nearly burning her lips, "if you have her, I want you to have time for her. She is only three, she needs some time to get to know you and that can't happen if you're working all the time. Besides that, she needs all your attention, because little children quickly hurt themselves or eat things they shouldn't if you don't keep an eye on them. If, I mean, when she visits you, she needs to have her own room. She doesn't like the darkness, so you'll need to buy something like fairy lights for her to prevent her from having bad dreams". Rey had a habit of talking to fast when she was overly excited or nervous, so she had to slow herself down. "I understand", Kylo says calmly, typing the things she had said in his phone. Even the large phone seemed small in his hands: "my apartment has two rooms, so that won't be a problem. I'll buy furniture for the room in the next days". "I'm not finished yet", said Rey, "do you have a girlfriend?". Kylo shook his head. That's what she had expected. Where would he have time for a girlfriend beside his work. He did not have time for her four years ago. "If you have Ivy, I don't want that you present her to any girl that came over once. If our daughter meets someone, she gets attached very quickly. I don't want her to be heartbroken, when something doesn't work out". "That's reasonable", Kylo looked into her eyes again, waiting a few seconds before he asked Rey, "but did you follow the same rule with your boyfriend?". "My what?". "The guy at the Inn. He seemed as if he had the urgent need to protect you from anything evil in this world. Small, but he acted like a tough guy", Kylo seemed dead serious, even though his voice was practically dripping with sarcasm. "You didn't think Poe was my boyfriend, did you?", she said, amused by the thought "I'm not really his type, but you might be". "What?". "He's gay. My best friend, not my boyfriend". "Oh". There was a moment of silence between them. Rey looked though the Café. The attention of the other guests had shifted from Kylo, back to the people next to them. She did not like being alone, but prefered it if a room was full of people. After years in which she had been abandoned by her foster families and having no one to really talk to, she loved listening to the nuzzled voices in the Café. The sunlight shone through the window, making the wall behind the counter look like a burning fire. "I respect your conditions. I have some myself", he put his phone down and cleared his throat, before he began to speak again, "I want her to transfer from a public preschool to a private one. She'll get the best education there and will be prepared for the private school she'll go to later". "No. I went to a public school and it didn't harm me", Rey said, "I don't want her to grow up thinking she's blue-blooded and therefore better than others, just because she had gone to a private school. She has friends there, you know". "I do know that, but I want my child to get the best education possible and that's only the case there. She won't lose her friends by going to a better school". It still felt weird for Rey hearing Kylo call Ivy "my child". She had no other choice but trying to accustom herself to it sooner or later. "I don't have the money to pay for her education". "I would pay for everything", he declared. "I'm paying you one half back", she insisted, wiping her damp hands on her jeans. "I don't need your money", he said, a slight tone of arrogance accompanying his voice. She did not want his money. She did not want him to pay for anything. "I'll pay you back", she repeated determined. She really wanted to continue fighting him on that matter so badly, but she suppressed her anger, knowing he still had the upper hand. To stop herself from talking, she bit her tongue. He was civil with her, but when she remembered the way he had talked to her yesterday, how he had threatened to take Ivy away from her, she knew how fast he could flip. The thought intimidated her. If their talk would have only been about them, about their relationship, she would have been more daring, fighting for her opinion. But she was protecting her daughter and therefore she needed to make sacrifices. "We'll talk about that again", he brushed the topic off, seemingly starting to get annoyed by her being so persistent, "I want to be involved in Ivys life. If you need to make a decision about anything concerning our daughter, you talk to me about it, no matter how unimportant it might seem to you". Rey pushed one streak of brown hair back behind her ear and sighed. There was nothing else to read in his face, but his determination to push through all his conditions. She nodded. Adjusting to co-parenting would be hard for her. She was used to making decision concerning herself or Ivy independently, not having to ask someone else for approval of her actions. "I want us to eat dinner together on Sundays", he continued. "What?", Rey nearly choked on her coffee. "I think you understood what I said", Kylo looked directly into her eyes, "I know we aren't together, but I still want to know what is going on in your life, for Ivys sake. If you're stressed or unhappy, she might be as well". "But can't I just call you?", Rey asked hesitantly. He had caught her off-guard with his demand. "No, Ivy needs to see that we can act civil around each other, you said that yourself. Both of us will do so on these days". His facial expression and the tone of his voice left no room for her to protest. Notes: Thank you for reading this chapter! Chapter 5 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 5 "No, Ivy needs to see that we can act civil around each other, you said that yourself. Both of us will do so on these days". His facial expression and the tone of his voice left no room for her to protest. The thought of them having Sunday dinner together looked completely absurd in Reys head. So absurd, she was barely getting herself to imagine it. There was not a possible explanation in her mind for him making such a demand. “I think I’ll manage it”, she shrugged her shoulder, “but I want her to meet you at our place. It’s her home, she feels safe there. I don’t want her to be confronted with a new environment and a new person in her life at the same time”. “So, we’re starting this Sunday?”. “I guess, if it fits your schedule”. “I don’t work on the weekend”. “You don’t?”, Rey raised her eyebrows, “I guess I have a bad memory then”. Kylo eyed her, in the same way perplexed by Reys sudden fierceness, as she was herself. There was a moment of silence between them, before Rey opened her mouth again. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have said that. We wanted to be civil around each other”. Kylo reacted in a way she wouldn’t have expected him to do. He smirked. “I forgot how fierce you were, Rey”, he answered, “or how fierce you still are”. “I mean it, Kylo. You don’t get to cancel when you someone needs you at work, no matter how important it might be. There’s more to building a relationship with her, than simply making promises. You actually have to be there”. Rey completely ignored him complementing her. “I get that. I want that”. Rey nodded silently. He seemed genuine, but something inside her still doubted him. She had to see it working together, his promises and his actions, to fully believe him. There was no way she could keep him from meeting Ivy, but she would still do everything for her daughter to get the best outcome of the situation. “You still need to prove it”, she said, controlled, “that you mean it”. “I will”, the expression on his voice supported the determination in his voice. Both of them looked out of the window, silently. Rey watched the snow, that had begun to fall again, softly land on the already snowy ground, before she shifted her gaze back to Kylo. He did not seem to recognize her looking at him or simply ignored it, while Rey was once again reminded of the similarities their daughter shared with her father. Ivys face was still childlike and softer than his, but her lips and hair stood out against her pale complexion like his did. She also inherited his ears, which were sticking out a little less than his. Even though his were hid by his longer hair now. Rey could not help but wonder if he let his hair grow out, for that reason. “I have to be back at work in one hour”, Kylo broke the silence, that had established between them, after he had checked his watch, “I’d like to drive you back to the Inn now, if you don’t have anything else you want to discuss”. “No, I don’t”, Rey answered, a slight hint of sarcasm in her voice, “I guess we’ll have enough time to discuss everything that might come up. There are a lot of Sundays until Ivy’s grown up”. She did not know if she heard right, but she believed she heard Kylo chuckle quietly, while she put on her jacket. - They had not talked much the way home. Rey had been too busy praying silently that Kylo would not kill both of them with the way he had driven her back to the Inn with twice the speed that was usually allowed. It had started to snow again, which did not help with making the situation better. She had thanked him for driving her home before she had exited his car, but still felt his gaze linger on her all the way until she had closed the door. She directly went to her car actually intending to pick Ivy up, but she just kept sitting there and watched the snowflakes accumulate on the front of it, instead of starting the engine. Kylo had looked strong-willed and determined and she really wanted to believe him. The way he had made his promises reminded her in so many ways of their past. He had promised her many times that he would not let himself be controlled by his work anymore. That he would try to change his behavior. Over and over again, until she had gotten herself to the point once again where she had convinced herself that his words were the truth. There had always been the same routine. Fighting, making up and empty promises were the key elements of their relationship. She had always hated to be abandoned, to be left alone and he knew that, but he still had left her uncountable times. Rey feared that Ivy would have to go through the same emotion as she did, when Kylo would not be able to hold what he promised Rey. She did not want it to admit herself yet, that there might be a small part of herself fearing if she got too close to him once again, she as well had to go through everything again. - Ivy was cranky. She had refused to take a nap at her friend Iris’ house, because she did not have her favorite toy with her. Thankfully she only cried a little, when Rey had problems to buckle her up in her car seat, but fell asleep on the way back to the Inn. After they pulled up on the parking lot of the Inn, Rey woke up Ivy up with a soft stroke over her forehead. Her daughter was still tired, but at least not in danger to throw a big tantrum anytime soon. She cuddled onto Rey, as she carried her inside the Inn. Covered in snow, from the heavy snowfall outside, and chilled to their bones, they were greeted by loud barks. A small dog came running toward them, or at least tried to run. His size suggested that it would have been easier for him to roll than to use his legs. He was not pretty, with short white fur and dots that did not look brown but rather orange. Nonetheless, Ivy was extremely excited as she saw the dog. “I’m sorry”, Poe came running from the library, “I thought I’d locked the door”. Ivy was wiggling in Reys arms, demanding her mother to let her down, but Rey was uncertain. She had never seen this dog before. He looked like he needed a bath and she did not want Ivy to possibly get bitten. “I just found her sitting in our doorstep”, he explained, picking the dog up, which instantly tried to lick his face, “thought I couldn’t leave her in the cold”. Ivy was stretching out her short arms, desperate to find away to pet the dog. When he recognized her failed attempts, he stretched out his head as well, licking her chubby fingers. Ivy giggled. “Are you taking her to the vet? She probably has an owner”, the small dog was looking at Rey now, his tongue hanging out from one side of his mouth. “Probably. Even though, she kind of likes me”, Poe answered, petting the dogs head, “but I want to find out if she’s pregnant or simply overfed”. “BB”, Ivy stretched her arms out again, trying to get the dog to lick her again. Finally, Rey gave in and Ivy squealed joyfully as Poe put the dog down as well. “I guess, BB is her name now”, Poe said. He watched them play for a short moment, before he turned back to Rey. “How’d it go?”, he asked, concern swinging in his voice. “It was weird”. Poe raised his dark eyebrows. “We didn’t scream at each other, which was a good thing. He accepted everything I told him”, Rey watched as her daughter pulled the dog into her arms, “but he made some demands as well. He wants her to go to private school”. “Private school?”. “Yeah, I told him I didn’t want that, but he just said we’ll talk about it again. It probably means he has already enrolled her somewhere”. “But how will you-“. “He wants to pay for it”, Rey cut him off, while she hung her wet jacket over the heater in the entrance of the Inn. She still felt as everything she wore smelled like Kylo, even though she was probably just imagining it. “There’s no other option. I told him I’d pay him my half back, but he just dismissed it, saying he doesn’t need my money”, Rey continued, “but that wasn’t the weird thing. He demanded us to eat together every Sunday, starting this weekend”. Poes eyes grew bigger with surprise: “You’re doing that?”. “Yes, I told him I wanted Ivy to see that we can act civil around in each other, that we shouldn’t be fighting in her presence. He used my argument to support us having dinner together”. Ivy was chasing the little dog now, making Rey feel bad for having to get her back to the apartment after she would have finished telling Poe everything. “I simply didn’t expect that. He said, he wants to know when I’m stressed, because that might reflect on Ivy”. “He said that?”. “Hm”, Rey followed Ivy, her wet shoes leaving traces all over the floor, “if I have a problem I want to talk to you, not to him”. “Understandable, I’m a great counselor”, he paused as long as Rey needed to pick up Ivy, who directly started to cry after she was pulled away from BB, “but honestly, I don’t think he just wants to spend time with Ivy. Probably wants to spend time with you as well”. “I don’t know”. Rey had never thought of it that way. She did not want to think that he could still be caring about her or the way his touch had made her feel. They were doing this for Ivy. Nothing more behind it, nothing less. In her arms her daughter was screaming bloody-murder, stretching out her arms in the direction BB had vanished, while her little face slowly turned red. “I have to get her upstairs”, Rey excused herself, “I’ll try to get her to sleep and then come back”. “No, it’s alright”, Poe said with a friendly smile, “your shift is nearly over anyways and we don’t have many guests right now. It’s better if you stay with her”. - Rey did not have to work on the weekends, therefore she and Ivy had finally been able to build the snowman, they had talked about for days. They had gone grocery shopping in the morning, so that they had been able to give him a carrot instead of zucchini nose. Rey had prepared dinner, while Ivy had taken her nap, so that they had been able to eat it after she had woken up. The were cuddling and reading Christmas stories on Reys bed, until they both fell asleep. Poes words had echoed the whole day in Reys head, even though she had tried several times to push them away, not wanting to think about it. - Rey had barely started vacuuming the main room of her apartment, as she heard someone knock on the door. Ivy was playing in Reys bedroom, in a fort Rey had built her out of two chairs and a blanket. Even though, Ivy was usually easy to get along with, she had protested a little when Ivy had told her she would have to play alone for some time, in order for her to get the apartment cleaned, before Kylo would arrive. She was nervous about them meeting for the first time, about Kylo seeing her apartment for the first time. Rey did not remember the exact size of it, but she was sure it had at least been three times the size of her current apartment. Since Rey told her about his visit in the morning, Ivy had been excited about seeing her father, but Rey was afraid of the impression he would make on her. He would be able to intimidate her very easily, with his whole appearance and the black clothes. On the other hand, Ivy was still a child. She did not care about how somebody looked, as long as he played with her or read her bedtime stories, he would be her new best friend. Her daughter had the remarkable quality of recognizing the good in people, as long as they were willing to pay attention to her. Rey had not changed yet. There was still an hour left in which she would be able to change from the big red T-Shirt, she had once stolen from Kylo and a simple pair of leggings to proper attire. Wiping away the sweat on her forehead with the lower part of the T-Shirt, she paused her old vacuum, which sounded like it was just seconds away from breaking down. She put her hair in a messy bun, not caring about the way it looked, before she opened the door. “You’re too early”, she said, surprised by Kylo already standing in her doorstep. Notes: It's currently 11 PM here and my eyes are really tired so I apologize for mistakes! It took me unusually long to write this chapter and I still don't know if I like it, but I wanted to post something after so many of you left kudos and comments under the first chapters! I'm grateful for each one of you. I'll try and update by tomorrow, because I've already got a plan how everything will progress, but if I don't I'll probably will in the next days! Thank you for reading this chapter! :) Chapter 6 Notes: I usually don't do notes at the beginning of a chapter, but I've been so touched by your comments. It has been a really hard time for everyone of my family, but everyday it gets a little better! You all are so incredibly supportive and sweet, it really helped me to distract myself from my grief, when I needed to. So, thank you to all of you. I'm so grateful I decided to join this community. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) CHAPTER 6 “You’re too early”, she said, surprised by Kylo already standing in her doorstep. He wore his black coat open, so Rey could see that what he was wearing under it. The sweater with black and white stripes, that he had paired with a dark blue pair of jeans made him look younger. “I’m not”, she felt his gaze wander down at her as well and was unable to stop her cheeks from flushing red. It was hard for Rey to differentiate between her apartment and herself in the question what looked messier. Strands of her brown hair had already begun to fall out of her bun and were sticking to her damp forehead, her leggings had spots on them of whose origin she was not even aware anymore and she was not wearing any concealer to hide the dark circles under her eyes. “Yes, you are. I said 7 not 6 PM”, she folded her arms before her chest. “No, you didn’t”. “I did”. “You didn’t, I could show you your message”, he put his in the pocket of his coat and fumbled around in it. Rey rolled her eyes. “You know we can keep discussing like this or you come inside. Can’t send you away again, now that you’re here”, she sighed and made way for him to go through the doorstep, “one of us probably messed up the time. Dinner isn’t ready, so I hope that isn’t much of a problem for you”. “No, it’s alright”. It was an odd sight to see him having to duck to pass through the doorstep. She did not remember him to be that tall, but it was impossible for him to have grown in the time they did not see each other. “Nice shirt”, he remarked once he was standing inside her living room, “thought I had lost it, but turns out I was wrong”. “If you want it back, I can give it to you when you leave”, Rey answered and looked down at the shirt, which almost went down to her knees, “kind of forgot to give it back to you, I guess”. “No, you can keep it if you want to”, he shrugged his shoulder, while he took of his coat and put it on the couch. “Um, thank you”, Rey felt awkward as she still stood next to the door, so she walked up to her bedroom and gestured Kylo to follow her, “do you want to meet Ivy? She’s in my room”. He nodded silently, but suddenly seemed tensed and insecure. “You know it’s okay if you’re nervous”, she took a step in his direction, “but she’s very easy to get along with. She’s been excited about you coming to visit since I’ve told her this morning, so I’m sure she’s going to like you”. “I’m not sure about that”, he shrugged his shoulders. “Well, as long as you don’t talk to her the way you talked to me last Thursday, it’s all good”, she answered sarcastically. “Mommy!”, Ivy voice echoed through the room, the moment she had seen Rey standing in the doorstep. The two braids Rey had braided her daughters’ hair in, jiggled around her head as her short, as she jumped off the bed and ran toward her. She wore the dress Rey liked so much. It was red and Ivys’ white tights matched the many white dots on it. She stopped running, as soon as she saw the man that was standing next to her mother. Neither Kylo, nor Ivy moved, they just stared at each other. They were so similar to each other, the way they moved, how they both furrowed their brows a little, it would have been impossible for anyone to deny that they were related. “Ivy”, Rey was the first one to speak, even though every single word felt weird, “this is your father”. The little girls’ eyes widened, while she kept looking at Kylo. She had asked Rey several times about her father and Rey had always told her that she had left him and that there would be no way to reach him, but she had kept quiet about the reasons. That was nothing a three-year-old would have needed to know. Kylo had to look very intimidating from Ivys’ level, because she slowly moved closer to Reys’ legs and tightly put her arms around them. The excitement she had shown some hours ago, seemed to be gone. This was what Rey had feared, but she told herself to stay calm. It would not help if Ivy would sense her mother to be as uncomfortable as she and Kylo. “It’s alright”, Rey petted her head, while she signaled Kylo to squat down to Ivy, “you don’t need to hide”. She saw how Kylo forced himself to smile despite his own nervousness, as he followed her gesture. He looked like he thought about what move he should make next, before he reached out his hand. “Hello Ivy”, his voice sounded a little hoarse. The little girl was still hiding behind Reys’ legs, but her eyes wandered down on Kylo. She seemed to be really concentrated on the person in front of her. “It’s nice to meet you”, he paused and cleared his throat. Rey had to suppress a laugh, given the situation was so utterly awkward. Ivy looked skeptical still, but she hesitantly moved around her mothers’ legs, so that she directly stood before Kylos’ outstretched hand. Compared to Ivys’ tiny body, it looked gigantic. It was probably just her imagination, but Rey thought Kylos’ hand had started to tremble. “You’re very pretty”, he continued and looked up at Rey for a short moment, before he turned back to their daughter. A smile began to tug at Ivys rosy lips. “Thank you”, she answered quietly. Rey sighed, relieved that her daughter had finally gotten the courage to speak. A compliment was seemed to be all that was needed to get her to thaw. “Do you want to see my tent?”, the little girl beamed all of a sudden, her shyness completely left behind. Rey could see the muscles in Kylos’ body relax instantly. “Yeah, um, I guess”, he said slowly. Ivy was smiling brightly now and finally reached out to his hand. He barely had any time to stand up before she dragged him with her. Rey watched them for a few seconds, before she retreated back into the kitchen area. The dinner she had planned was nothing fancy, because she had to be sure that Ivy would like it too. In the end, she had chosen chicken, green beans and mashed potatoes. The main area of her apartment was still a mess, with the vacuum still standing in the middle of the room and all of Ivys’ toys that were usually scattered everywhere on the floor, were now laying in giant heaps on the couch. She had not managed to clean the kitchen table, so she did it while the food was slowly cooking on the stove. It was tempting for her to risk a quick glance into her bedroom, to see the way how Kylo interacted with Ivy, but Rey kept herself from doing so. They were getting to know each other and she did not have the right to interrupt them. - “You know it’s time for you to go to bed”, Rey said, a serious tone in her voice, after Ivy had protested at least three times to do so. Her daughter was tugged in bed, she had her favorite stuffed animal beside her and Rey had turned on her fairy lights. It was already one hour past her usual bedtime, but the little girl did not seem to be tired at all. No, she was rather exhilarated. After Ivy had dragged Kylo with her to the tent, she had been glued from him. They had probably played with every single one of her toys and Rey was curious why his ears had not fallen off due to the amount she had talked to him about preschool, stuffed animals and everything else that had come to her mind. He had endured all of that without a single complaint. She had been surprised by the way Kylo had looked at his daughter, that he was still able to show affection instead of coldness in his eyes and that he had even chuckled at some of the grimaces Ivy had made while she had eaten the green beans. She had to constantly remind herself that it was the way he acted around Ivy, not around her, to stop herself from having the slightest amount of hope that there would be something of Ben Solo left, behind the façade that was Kylo Ren. “But I’m not tired yet”, Ivy protested and pouted. “I know you are, I’ve seen the way you yawned two minutes ago”, Rey teased. “I didn’t”. “Yes, you did”. “I didn’t”. “Ivy, you need to go to sleep”. “Mommy please, just one story”, Ivy pleaded. Her daughter had definitely mastered the art of puppy eyes. She had her easily wrapped around her finger and made it impossible for her to deny her request. “Fine”, Rey sighed and got off the bed, “one story and it’ll be the shortest book we have in there”. “Mommy?”, Ivys’ soft voice broke through the dark, as Rey was almost back at the bed, “can Kylo read it, please?”. Surprised by her daughters’ wish, Rey stood before her bed and was unable to answer her for a moment. It was their daily nighttime ritual, to read bedtime stories and cuddle in Ivys’ small bed and Ivy wanting someone else than Rey to do it, still hurt her a little inside. She had to remind herself that this someone was her father, that it would probably be like this every night if she had not left him and that she should be glad that he and Ivy had already grown so close, even if she had just known about him for one day. “Sure, sweetie, I’ll get him”, she answered and put the book at the end of the bed. Kylo had his back turned toward her and was sitting on the couch, in the only free space available next to Ivys’ toys. As Rey looked over his shoulder, she could see that he was checking his mails. “She wants you to read her a bedtime story, but please do it quickly. It’s already an hour past her bedtime”, Rey stated soberly, before she pushed back a strand of hair behind her ear that had fallen out of her bun. “Oh, alright. I can do that. Her room’s next to yours right?”, he had jumped a little at the sound of her voice that had broken the silence. Quickly he stood up and walked up to Rey, who nodded silently. He was standing in front of her for some seconds and looked like he was contemplating if he should say something else, before he went to Ivys’ room. Rey had started to do the dishes, as his voice, that he had left on the kitchen table started buzzing several times. It must have been something important, probably his work, because it did not stop after some minutes. He had been gone for almost longer than half an hour and Rey wondered if Ivy had gotten him to read her another story. With the phone in her hand, she silently went up to the room next to hers to tell Kylo about the many messages and to get her daughter to finally go to sleep. The sight was a grotesque one. No one could have looked more out of place like Kylo did. He was laying next to Ivy, his long legs were hanging over the rim of Ivys’ small bed and his whole, rather dark appearance contrasted her pink blanket. Although the funniest thing of all was that he seemed to be completely unable to move. One of Ivys’ legs and one of her arms was sprawled over Kylos’ body and held him there. He, contrary to Ivy, was fully awake. A shy smile crept up on Reys’ lips, before she silently showed him his phone. As if it had been waiting for a signal, it buzzed again. Both, Rey and Kylo, instantly looked at Ivy, who was fast asleep, in fear she might have woken up again. Her calm, slow breaths reassured them she had not. Gently, he pushed back her small limps, before he tugged her in her blanket. Ivy grabbed it right away, snuggled herself into it and sighed. Rey could not imagine anyone else to look this peaceful and calm, as her daughter did. Every night she was completely in awe, she could not help herself but be completely in awe when she looked at her. “My phone”, she heard him say, as they had left Ivys’ room, “please”. “Here”, Rey handed it to him. Their fingers collided only briefly but his touch send chills down her spine. “Shit”, he ran his hand though his tousled hair, his brows furrowed. “What is it?”, she asked curiously. “It has snowed too much”, he sighed and locked eyes with her, “they closed the roads. I can’t go back to the city”. Notes: Too bad, Kylo's snowed in... - I didn't have much time to proof-read this chapter, so if there are some mistakes, I apologize! Thanks for reading this chapter! :) - And I don't usually do self-promotion, but I've started another Modern AU and would be very happy, if some of you'd decided to read it! :) Chapter 7 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 7 “It has snowed too much”, he sighed and locked eyes with hers, “they closed the roads. I can’t go back to the city”. “Oh”, Rey was unable to answer anything else. The atmosphere in the room had changed instantly. She could feel how tensed he was even though she was not touching him. “It’s not like I’ve got an important meeting tomorrow morning”, Kylo started pacing up and down, while he typed something into his phone. Rey observed him from a safe distance. His hectic behavior let memories of the past flash before her eyes. It made her feel extremely uncomfortable. “You know, I could still try to get through”, he stopped and scratched the back of his head. “No”, Rey answered instantly, before she walked up to him, “listen, they don’t close the roads for nothing”. Kylo looked at her for a few seconds, his dark eyes were glowing with frustration like freshly polished onyx. “Yes, I know that”, he stated, “I just have to be at the firm tomorrow morning”. “So, you think that I’d be good for you to drive home right now? Kylo, with your driving style you’d rather kill yourself in the process than come home safely”. “Well, would you really care about that?”, he asked coldly, his brows furrowed. “For god’s sake, you did not just say that”, Rey had to restrain herself, to stop her voice from growing louder, “I know you’re frustrated right now, but that doesn’t give you the right to say something like that. I, personally, might not care about you the same way I did once, but I care about Ivy and she really likes you. So, yes, I care about the fact that her father is willingly risking his life in order to attend a stupid meeting in the morning”. Clearly taken aback by her harsh words, Kylo silently looked at her, before Rey went up to her bedroom door. “You have to stay here tonight, it doesn’t matter if we like that. I didn’t ask for it to snow so heavily, you’d have to stay here”, she took a deep breath to calm herself , “blanket’s under the couch, in case you wanted to ask”. The door fell in its lock, before he even had a chance to answer. - The alarm on her phone jolted Rey out of her dreams. She stretched and sighed, before she quickly looked at the clock on her phone. There was almost a complete hour left, before she would have to wake up Ivy. While she silently cursed at herself, for setting the alarm so early, she contemplated if she should simply stay under her warm covers or get up and start the new day. Slowly, even if her everything inside her protested against every movement, she got herself out of the bed, her body shuddered as the cold air hit her heated skin. Silence hung over the whole apartment and reassured her in her thought of Kylo probably still being asleep. She swiftly changed from her pajamas into a sweater and a pair of leggings, before she opened that what had been left of her messy bun and let her brown hair flow down to her shoulders. The wooden floor creaked under her feet, as she gradually went up to the door, her vision a little weary from the tiredness still stuck in her bones. “Oh, sorry!”, she exclaimed and instinctively raised her hands up to her eyes, when she saw that Kylo was standing next to the couch, only wearing his underwear. “Would you mind putting on some clothes?”, Rey cleared her throat, as her cheeks flushed red, “please”. “No, wait”, she heard him pick up something from the couch. After a few seconds, in which she had expected him to have managed to put on his clothes, she risked a quick glance in between her fingers. He was standing with his back turned toward her and put his sweater on, while his muscles interacted perfectly with each other with every movement. She wondered if he had felt her eyes wandering down his back and quickly looked at her feet. “Ready?”. “Yes”, his hair was completely tousled with one side, the one he had probably laid on, flatter than the other. The were standing opposite of each other in awkward silence, neither of them really knew what to say after the last night. The couch was still unmade. The blanket hung loosely over one end, Ivys’ toys were partially scattered on the floor in front of it and the cushion were stapled on one side. Rey could not help herself but wonder, if Kylo had ended up in the same position, he did have in Ivys’ bed, where his long legs had hung over the rim. “Do you want coffee?”, she asked soberly. Her voice broke the silence, as she walked up to the kitchen counter. The creaking of the floor indicated he was following her. “Yes”, she felt him observing her, while she turned on the coffee machine. His gaze nearly burning holes in her back. “Did you hear anything about the streets yet?”. “They’re open”, he tried to hide the relief in his voice, but Rey still recognized it. The coffee machine started buzzing loudly, before steam started to rise out of the top. Rey opened one of the cupboards and put two mugs on the counter. “You sound relieved?”. “I am”. “Cream? Sugar?”. “No, black’s fine”. “That’s good, because I don’t have either of them here”, she answered and shrugged. “Rey?”, Kylos’ voice made her turn around, a cold breeze that came from the fridge she had just closed moments ago brushed against her skin. She raised her brows in anticipation of what he wanted to say. He looked at her in the way that made her feel like he could see straight through her. “I didn’t mean what I said last night. I was just frustrated”. “I know”, she answered, unable to withhold a snarky comment from slipping from her lips, “I remember you telling me you never meant anything you said after every single one of our fights”. “Wow, you’re really going there?”, he ran a hand through his hair and failed in the attempt to tame it. Meanwhile, the coffee was finished and its smell hung heavily in the air, but neither Rey or Kylo seemed to pay attention to it. “Why wouldn’t I?”. “Listen Rey, I know that you’ve been angry with me many times, so many times you probably lost count of it and last night was something where I completely understood you in the way you reacted”, he simply needed to take one step to be standing next to her, “but let me tell you something, it’s just as hard for me to be around you, to act nice around you, as it probably is for you. So, if you really want to bring up the past, even though it would make everything even more complicated, you should keep in mind that you’re not the only one who’s allowed to be angry. I’ve hurt you and given your attitude I know that you’ve still not forgiven me, but remember, you kept Ivy from me for four years, so there’s my reason to be angry”. “So, you still want me to apologize?”, Rey was not capable of answering anything else than this. Just as she had been right with what she had told him last night, he was right now. No one who would have listened to their conversation could deny that. There was an internal struggle in her. A part of her was telling her that it had been the right decision to leave him, that she should stay strong. The other part understood Kylo and all his reasons, his anger about her decision to keep Ivy from him and threatened to overwhelm her body with the guilt, she had been hiding behind a wall made by her own hurt feelings and the fear of him leaving her and their daughter once again. “No, I don’t want you to apologize”, his voice sounded deeper than usual, while he locked eyes with her. “Fine, because I’m not going to”, shudders went down Reys’ spine, one consistently followed by the other. It was as if everything in the room had been wiped out. There were suddenly just Kylo, Rey and the turmoil, that was raging a war inside her. “I know, you’ve already told that me before”, he stated, “but there’s no way we can go on pretending our past isn’t there. You can’t keep running away, Rey, I’m here now and I’m in Ivy’s life as well”. “What do you want me to do than?”, Rey felt as if her emotions were beginning to choke her, “I’ve allowed you see her, I let you come here, because of these Sunday dinners’ you insisted on, after you threatened me with taking her away from me!”. “You don’t think I’m proud of that, do you?”, his voice grew louder, “I was angry after finding out I had a child with you, I was still hurt that you had left me without a single word and I do stupid things that I regret afterwards when I let my emotions control me”. “Do you really think I can still say that I’m proud that I left you, that I had to keep Ivy from her father?!”. “I don’t know! We’ve never actually talked about”, there was something more behind his eyes than anger. Also hurt and confusion. “Are you? Just because it was the right decision for you ?!”. Rey stared at him, before she tried to turn around. He reacted by quickly grabbing her by her arm, before catching her hand mid-air, as she failed in an attempt to instinctively slap him. They stood opposite each other, eyes locked, as the loud drumming sound of her heart filled up Reys’ ears. “Don’t. Don’t make me say it”, she said with a choked voice, while tears welled up in her eyes, “please”. “We need to talk Rey”, his voice was insistent, “not about Ivy, about us”. “Let go of me”, she tried to free herself of his grip, as the first tears were streaming down her face. Out of all people she had wanted to see her cry, was Kylo definitely the last one. “No”, he answered determined and pulled her closer. She fought him as long as she could hold back her sobs, which was not a long time, before she finally fell against his chest. It was bizarre how the were standing there, her crying at his chest, while Kylo had his arms around her. Everything around Rey was a blur, besides Kylos’ minty scent and the feeling of his heat radiating through her clothes. “I hate you”, she lied between sobs, while she failed in another attempt to free herself. “You don’t”. Notes: Oh god, I feel terrible for doing this to those poor babies, but something like that had to happen sooner or later. There's still a lot of confusion, tension and many suppressed feelings, which need to be explained and clarified, so there's that. I have such a love-hate relationship with slow-burn fics... (But I can say that there'll probably be more fluff over the next chapters) _ Still, thanks for reading! :) (+ sorry, if there are mistakes, I'm really tired) Chapter 8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 8 “I hate you”, she lied between sobs, while she failed in another attempt to free herself. “You don’t”. Kylos’ voice was calm, as if he knew she was not telling the truth. His body was like a human radiator, soothing Rey, who had gripped the back of his shirt to prevent herself from collapsing on the ground. Control yourself . Even with it being completely in vain, she repeated those words inside of her head. Her head was throbbing violently and the pain which came from it spread recklessly through her body every time time she made a move. The room was in complete silence, while they stood there, intertwined with each other. “Let me go”, Reys’ voice was merely a whisper, as Kylo let her distance herself from her. There was a big wet spot on his sweater and she felt ashamed by simply looking at it. The last lonely tears that were still remaining, tried to run down her cheeks, before she swiftly wiped them away. “Rey, we need to talk”, the words that came from his mouth almost sounded like a plea. “I know we do, but I can’t handle this right now”. “Why?”. The question was clear, simple. Still it was difficult for Rey to find words she could answer it with. “Because you’re always there”, her hands started to tremble, while her heart beat like a bird, desperately trying to break out of his cage, “every time I look at Ivy, I see you. Her eyes, her hair, even the way she moves reminds me of you and it hurts. It really hurts. No matter how hard I try to deny it, you’re always there and I can’t shake you. So, yes, you’re right, I don’t hate you, but I truly hate the fact that you’ve gotten under my skin and that pieces of you are still there”. Her words hung heavily in the air, even after they had left her lips. They had slipped out of Reys’ mouth, before she had even been completely sure if she would have wanted them to. She was able to make out a small part inside of the mess that were her feelings right now, which was relieved by her finally speaking the truth. The rest still completely overwhelmed her with everything she had tried to suppress over the last four years. Kylo stood silently in front of her, his eyes were focused on her and clearly displaying how her confession had surprised him. He inhaled deeply, clearly showing that he was struggling with what he should answer to that, before his gaze shifted to the door which lead to Ivys’ bedroom. The small figure that was their daughter was standing in the doorstep, shyly gazing at her parents. Rey had turned around seconds after Kylo had looked away from her, with her heart stopping the minute she had recognized Ivy. She questioned herself how much their daughter had heard or if she had seen her crying at Kylos chest. Those kind of things were exactly what she had wanted to protect her from, as long as it would have been possible. “Good morning, sweetie”, Rey said, as she had finally found the right words to address her daughter and started to take the first steps toward her, “did you sleep well?”. The little girl nodded, before she yawned. There was nothing unusual about her behavior, she did not look intimidated or scared by the fight her parents did have minutes ago, so Rey figured she had probably woken up by herself. She bent down and slowly picked Ivy up, who felt like she was not weighing more than a feather, before she walked back to Kylo. Ivys’ scent was sweet and calmed Rey instantly. She softly snuggled herself to her mother, as she was clearly still a little tired. The closer they came back to Kylo, the more her head rose and when they reached him eventually, she seemed completely awake. There were many things left unsaid between Kylo and Rey, which they clearly could not discuss in front of their child, resulting in a silence, neither of them felt comfortable in. “Are you going to stay here?”, the tone of Ivys’ voice sounded hopeful. “I’m afraid I can’t”, Kylo answered, as he overlooked the little girl and instead directly looked at Rey, which send a shiver down her spine, “I’ve to go to work”. “But will you come back?”. “Ivy, I’ve told you that you’ll be able to visit him next weekend”, Rey interfered, before Kylo was able to answer their daughters’ question, “do you remember?”. Silently the little girl nodded, as half of the bright smile which had been on her lips faded. “I’ll see you on Friday then”. It caused Ivy to giggle, as he gently stroked her cheek. He went to the couch and picked up his coat, before he turned to Rey once more. He did not need to say anything, the expression in his eyes already spoke for itself. “I’ll call you”, Rey had to force herself to get the words out, “tonight. I promise”. “Alright”, he answered, before he turned to the door, “until then, goodbye”. “Mommy, are you okay?”, Ivy seemed worried, after Rey had been staring at the door Kylo had gone though a few seconds ago. She felt her gaze wandering around her face, probably noticing that Reys’ eyes were red and puffy from crying. “Yes, I am”, Rey tried to smile to not give her daughter any more reason to be concerned, “just a little tired”. “Me too”, the little girl snuggled up to her again and sighed. Rey was sure that Ivy was sad about Kylo leaving, after she had been inseperable from him last night. She was not showing it just yet. “But I’ve no doubt you’re hungry”, the attempt to distract her daughter successfully caught Ivys’ attention. Promptly she tensed up and nodded at her mother, with a small smile on her lips. “Then tell me. What do you want for breakfast?”, Rey said with the hope, that doing something would lead her mind into a different direction other than being completely consumed by her thoughts about her mixed feelings for Kylo. - The picture that offered itself to Rey, when she dropped Rey off at pre-school perfectly depicted her inner turmoil in a strange way. Two little boys were fighting with each other about a toy, a little girl looked outside the window and looked completely irritated about the fact that the snowflakes, which had started falling again, were melting once they landed on the surface of the window and several children were crying because they wanted to go back home. The noise of it all did not help with making the headache, which had tormented Rey since Kylo had left, any better. “Well, you sure look like you’d need a coffee”, a voice from behind her, made her jump a little, before she turned around. Brooke, the mother of Ivys’ friend Iris had been standing behind her, as she had probably watched the spectacle caused by the little children as well. “Sorry, I’m not always so blunt”, she said with a concerned look on her face, while she came closer to Rey. She had not even bothered about putting make-up on today, given she it was her free day today and the fact that there would have been no possibility of her being able to hide her puffy eyes behind it. “No, it’s fine”, Rey answered, before she looked back at the children. One of the boys had now torn the toy from the others’ hand and had left him standing in the middle of the room, while he started screaming bloody murder. Ivy and Iris were playing with some puppets at one corner of the room and simply minding their own business. “I’m just a little tired”, it was the second time she had used this excuse today and it was not even noon. Brooke did not look convinced. She was older than Rey, probably in her mid thirties. She wore her blonde hair in a pixie cut and her grey eyes were hidden behind glasses. Iris completely resembled her, contrary to Ivy who had inherited more features from her father than from her mother. They were no close friends, but Brooke was one of the only people to whom Rey talked regularly besides Poe, due to the play dates Ivy and Iris spent together. “Coffee sounds nice”, Rey said, after she had thought about the offer, thankful to get a little distraction. - Brookes’ house was very pretty. There were many big windows which flooded the rooms, which were all painted in light colors like white and beige, with sunlight and the many flowers that stood in each room, made the whole house smell great. She was wandering up and down the kitchen, while Brooke prepared the coffee. The whole fridge was plastered with magnets from places Brooke and her family had already spent holidays at. The pictures, which were held by them, showed either single family members or photos of the family as a whole. Brookes’ husband worked as an author, thus making it able for her to work at her small boutique in the city, because he could watch the kids when she was gone. They had met at some university, Rey could not remember the name and had tied the knot after their graduation. About four years after that, Brooke had given birth to their first daughter Elyse, before Iris had followed three years later. Brookes’ family exactly matched the way Rey had always thought a perfect family had to be, when she had been just a little girl. Something inside her still wished to have something like that, craved that what she never had. “Do you want cream or sugar?”, Brookes’ voice echoed through the kitchen and brought Rey back to reality. “Sugar. Three spoons are the perfect amount for me”, she answered and strolled to the counter, Brooke was standing in front of. Even if Rey was not the biggest fan of cold temperatures, she was not able to deny that it looked beautiful outside. The sunlight let the snow glisten and all the trees were coated with ice crystals. “Thanks”, Rey said, after she had taken the cup Brooke had put next to her on the counter. It was still brewing hot, so that Rey almost burned her tongue as she tried to take the first sip. “Rey, if I’m being too blunt or nosy again, just tell me, but are you sure you’re just tired”, Brooke said, while she stirred the cream in her coffee, “you just seem a little off these last days”. Her coffee had turned from a dark to a light brown color, in the time Rey contemplated if she should tell her the truth or keep it to herself. She was afraid she would break out in tears again, like she did earlier this morning and wanted to save herself from embarrassing herself in front of Brooke. “No, you’re right”, she started and swallowed hard, “Ivys’ father is back”. - It took about half an hour for Rey to tell Brooke the story of what had happened over the last few days and a lot of concentration for herself to not start crying again. The coffee had miraculously helped to lessen her headache, but Rey still felt a little weak. They just silently sat there, in Brookes’ giant living room, where no toys were scattered on the floor, like it was the case in Reys’ apartment, before Brooke dared to speak again. “I have to say, I don’t like the part where he threatened you, but him apologizing is already a first step in the right direction, as well as you realizing that you might have made a mistake. Although I know that it was the right decision for you, at that time”, she put her coffee mug on the wooden couch table, “and there’s no way to change the fact that if he’s in Ivys’ life, he’s most likely back in yours as well, even if it’s hard”. Rey leaned back and ran her hands through her hair. She could not deny what she was saying. Brooke kind of gave her the kind of advice, you would usually get by your mother. “From what I’ve heard you both want the best for Ivy. I get that. But it’s not about Ivy anymore”, the expression on his face was serious, “it sounds like there’s so much tension, so many emotions left, that just concern the both of you. After a while, they just explode out of you, like they did in the fight. Rey, honestly, there’s no way any of you could still deny that there is something going on between you two that urges to be clarified”. Notes: Still wrote this chapter, even though the last days have been really crappy, so please excuse if it isn't one of my best! :) (+ excuse the time jumps) Thank you all for the kudos + comments (they really make me happy)! (proof-read this at 2 AM, so there could be mistakes) Chapter 9 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 9 Reys’ fingers were nervously drumming on the steering wheel. Fifteen minutes had already passed since she had left Brookes’ house and she was not able to forget her words. “Rey, honestly, there’s no way any of you could still deny that there is something going on between you two that urges to be clarified”. Her phone was laying on her lap, as if it just waited for Rey to pick it up, while she still contemplated what to do next. She did not want to wait with calling Kylo until the evening. She simply could not wait. Brooke could not have said it any better. There was definitely something going on, Kylo and Rey had to resolve. A slow song was playing on the radio, before she quickly turned it off and grabbed her phone. Kylos’ number was easy to find, as he was one of the last people she had called. A strange feeling of exhilaration had replaced the exhaustion she had felt earlier that morning. “Rey?”, Kylo sounded surprised, as he picked up after a few seconds, “is everything alright? Did something happen to Ivy?”. “No. No, I’m good, we’re good. I’m sorry if I’ve interrupted something”, she closed her eyes and leaned back. It sounded like he spoke a few words to another person, before she heard him close a door at the other end of the line. “You didn’t. We actually finished about ten minutes ago”. “And how did the meeting go?”. “It could’ve gone better. There were some developments Snoke was not happy about “, the tone in his voice gave away how displeased he was with that. Rey sighed. She needed to get to the point, otherwise her nervousness threatened to drive her crazy. Besides the mood of his boss was not exactly one of her biggest priorities. “But you didn’t call because you were interested in the course of my meeting, did you?”. “Yes. I mean no. No”, she rapidly straightened herself up, while she already regretted her choice of words, “I didn’t. Listen Kylo, I know I’ve said I’d call you in the evening, but I simply didn’t feel like waiting”. “It’s alright”, he cleared his throat. “Well, do you have time to talk right now?”. “On the phone?”, she did not need to see him to be sure that he had just raised his eyebrows. He took some time, before he answered, as if he liked to keep her on the suspense. “You’re free now?”. “Yeah, um”, Rey ran her hand through her hair, startled by his question, “I’d have to pick Ivy up in an a little less than an hour, but I could ask a friend to pick her up. I’m guessing, we’ll probably need more than that”. “Yes, that’s what I thought as well”, he answered confidently, “where do you want to meet? The café?”. “No, to be honest, I don’t feel like being around a lot of people today”, she was surprised by her own sudden honesty. “We could meet at my place?”, he proposed, before he quickly added some words, “I’d be there a lot faster than at the Inn. Of course, if you’d feel more comf-“. “It’s okay, I’ll start driving as soon as I’ve got the things sorted out for Ivy”, Rey rudely cut him off. Her free hand was drumming on the steering wheel again. A small amount of snow had already accumulated itself outside of her front window. “I’ll see you then”, he ended the call too quickly for Rey to answer him. The phone still in her hand, she leaned back against her seat as rushes of excitement began flooding her body. She took a deep breath, before she got out of her car once again. - “No, it’s no problem at all”, Brooke reassured her after Rey had explained herself for the third time. “Really? Two kids are already a lot to look after and you’ve basically had three over the last days”. “Yes, it’s fine, you go talk to him. Just call me when you’re coming to pick her up”, Brooke said with a friendly smile, “or when he talks shit again”. Rey looked at her with surprise. This had to be the first time she ever heard Brooke curse. Something like that coming from her mouth felt weird. “Sorry, this happens to me sometimes when there are no kids around”, she instantly added and chuckled. The cold had already crept through Reys’ jacket, as she stood in Brookes’ doorway and slowly began to shiver. “Yes, that’s a familiar feeling”, she fumbled at her car keys, “I’ve to leave now, but I promise to call you when I’m finished and thank you again”. “I guess I’ll see you then”, Brooke waved slightly, as Rey turned around on the small path that lead to the parking space in front of Brookes’ house. - Kylo had not arrived yet, when Rey reached the complex his apartment was in. She contemplated between going in back to her car and waiting for him, while she nervously tipped her foot against the floor several times. The plants next to the entrance were swaying with the breeze, evoked by the people who came inside the building. Rey registered that none of them looked truly happy, but rather stressed. As she wondered what might have bugged them so much to make them look unhappy, she got so lost in thought, she barely did not recognize Kylo as he entered the room. His appearance reminded her of the snow that had fallen outside and had stood out against the dark, icy ground. Still there was something attractive about him, about the way he looked at her all the way across the room. Rey did not know whether she should stand up or if she should stay on the soft couch. She felt the nervousness spread through her body with every step he took toward her. “Did you have to wait long?”, he asked after he had reached her. Two plastic bags were hanging from his hands. “No, I just arrived some minutes ago”, Rey was a little distracted, as she tried to make out what was in them. It did not take him long to recognize the way she was looking at them. “I wasn’t able to eat lunch at work, so I’ve bought some on the way. Thought you’d like something as well”, he added unhurriedly, “it’s Chinese food and something that sounded like Italian food”. “That’s, um, very nice of you”, Rey felt the feeling of hunger rise in her stomach at the thought of food, “but you hate everything about Chinese food, let alone the smell of it and the spices that are in it”. “I do. I really do. It’s disgusting, but I remembered you like it”. “It’s not disgusting. You just don’t know how to appreciate good food”, she looked up at him, even though she knew he would see her blush. He had seen her cry, so there was not a lot left what could have been worse. “Still, I’m going to pay you back”. “You don’t have to”. “Yeah, I forgot you don’t need my money”, she teased, while she wondered at the same moment what suddenly made her feel so comfortable to do so. Perhaps it was the adrenaline that must have been flowing through her veins by now. Kylo just looked at her, a little amused. “We should probably go up now, don’t you think?”, he raised his brows, “before the food gets colder, if that’s even possible given the temperatures outside”. “Yes, I think we should”. - “Didn’t change a lot, did you?”, Rey asked while she watched Kylo, as he reluctantly placed the Chinese food on a plate. There was a lot more of “Ben Solo” left in the apartment, than in his clothing choices. The pieces of furniture were not colored in black, but rather in lighter brown tones and in some places there were even plants, that acted as splashes of green besides the rather monotone colors. It was all very open and there were a lot of long windows, which allowed quite a lot of sunlight to illuminate the room. His apartment was on the highest story of the apartment complex and you could look all over the city from out of the windows, while the people that were hectically running around on the streets looked like ants. “No, I didn’t”, Kylo answered, while he still tried to not touch Reys’ food, as he tried to take it out of a plastic box. It looked like he was afraid that if he would touch it, the spices in it would make his fingers fall off. “Although I couldn’t get myself to sell the couch ”, he gestured in Reys’ direction, while she wondered why he had put so much emphasis on the last words. “The couch?”, she repeated, while she looked down at the brown leather couch she was sitting on. The scratches on the cushions instantly brought back memories from moments she had thought she had forgotten, the moment they caught her attention. “Oh god, Kylo, it’s the couch !”, Rey leaped up from it, before she quickly went up to the kitchen counter, “I can’t believe you just let me sit on it. It’s dirty!”. The had bought the couch on a street sale, after they had gone there with no intention of buying something at all. Rey had always thought Kylos’ apartment had been too empty and that he needed something that looked elegant, yet was comfortable, in his living room. She had fallen in love with the old and brown leather couch the moment she had laid eyes on it, so he had just bought it, rather for her than for himself. They had freshly reconciled with each other once again and Rey remembered that Kylo had no bed at that time, because he had sold his old one and the buyer had impractically come to pick it up too soon. So, the advantage of the new couch was that they at least did have a place to sleep other than a mattress on the cold floor. Even though they did not sleep a lot on it, as the scratches on the cushions proved. “It’s not dirty”, he explained calmly, while he started unpacking the second plastic bag, “I’ve cleaned it and you’ve sat on it before, so there’s no need in jumping like that”. “Still, it feels weird”. “Good thing, you can sit on any other piece of furniture without a guilty conscience then”. “God, stop it”, her cheeks felt like they were on fire, “you know, I’m not here to talk about those things”. “Well then, let’s change the topic. Food’s ready”, he put two plates, that were almost too small to hold the massive amounts of food in front of her, before he opened another cupboard and put two clean plates next to the ones that already stood on the counter. The mixture of the smell of Chinese and Italian food was strange and almost made Rey reconsider if she was really that hungry. Either way she would probably not be able to stomach all the food he had bought for her, due to the waves of nervousness that steadily rushed through her body the closer she got to the serious talk she would have with him. The sat in silence for a few minutes, Reys’ plate scattered with pieces of both foods, while Kylos’ was only filled with the Italian. Neither of them had touched their food, as Rey started talking. “Can I start?”, she asked hesitantly, “if it’s okay”. As she saw his nod, she continued. “I’m sorry, but I can’t go on calling you Kylo. You’re Ben to me and you’ll always be. Besides I don’t want Ivy to not know her fathers’ real name, so I think it’ll be better if she’d call you Ben too”. “But that’s not my name anymore”, he argued. “It’s the name your parents gave you”, she paused, as she saw how he frowned as a reaction to her words, “it was your name when I met you”. “I don’t want you to call me Ben”, he answered eerily calm, “it’s a reminder of the past. It’s better when it’s gone”. “No, it’s not. It’s weird for me to call you that”, Rey knew this talk was going to be uncomfortable, “listen, I really don’t get why this is too much for me to ask. You’ve never told me anything about your family, about your parents. I know you probably not have the best of relationships, but honestly you’re a grown man. What could they have done to make you change your name?”. “You don’t understand. They’ve disappointed me and I’ve disappointed them, it’s mutual”. “Yes, that’s right. I don’t understand, because you’ve never told me anything about them”. “You really want to know all about them?”. Reluctantly Rey nodded. “Do you know Leia Organa?”, he sighed, “she’s my mother”. Yes, Rey knew the woman to who that name belonged. She had seen her on various news reports. Many politicians quivered with fear once they heard a name. She was a small woman, but very fierce and as Leader of her own humanitarian organization was she the one wo did not fear to speak out the words politicians needed to hear instead of those they probably wanted to hear at a place of crisis. Whenever Rey had seen her on the news, she had always found the way she spoke, the way she helped people very inspiring. “My father on the other hand, is not very popular. His name’s Han Solo and to be honest, I don’t remember the last time I’ve seen him. It was about five years ago. His wanderlust constantly keeps him on the move a lot, so that he had rarely been at home when I was little and later on as well. My mother also works a lot, so their marriage quickly got very dysfunctional because of all the time they spent away from each other. When they were away I only had my grandfather or some friends to talk to. Through the way my grandfather managed his firm and all his cases, I became interested in his profession. I think, that’s the point where my mother was very disappointed. She probably thought, I’d follow in her footsteps and do something good as well, something for the people, but I kind of turned into the exact opposite direction. They really wanted me to study at the university where her brother is teaching law and to become a public prosecutor or something, but instead I became a defender for the worst people that live in this city”. Rey could not help herself, but register the tone of admiration that swung in his voice whenever he mentioned his grandfather. The coldness that occurred when he talked about his parents was a harsh contrast to that. “My grandfather cared about me, but he died. With my parents I always felt like I wasn’t good enough. It didn’t matter if I had good grades or bad grades, they only cared about themselves. Sometimes I have asked myself if that had changed if I had taken after my mother, if that would have qualified me for her attention in her eyes”, there was so much hurt and anger in the expression on his face that he was no longer able to hide it, “Snoke took over the firm a little while after you had left me and he made me feel like I was somebody again, that I have potential to take over the firm one day. That’s why I’m so good at my job, I know what I’m doing it for. Snoke was also the one that it would be better for me distance myself from my family, so that’s what I did by changing my name and cutting ties with them three years ago”. Notes: Sorry, for the abrupt ending, but otherwise the chapter would have doubled in its length and this part was the best to cut it. Reys' reaction to all that will be in the next chapter + more about their past, as a lot of you are waiting for that. I'm sorry if the couch story was super awkward, but I kind of wanted a little comic relief between them, so I just wrote that :D - As always, thanks for reading! :) Every time I'm astound that so many people left Kudos + such nice comments! THANK YOU (it really makes writing more fun!) - (I'm sorry if there are mistakes, it's 2 AM again) Notes: Thanks for reading the chapter! :)