Chapter 1 At breakfast, she noticed. She noticed how many eyes were on her when she wasn’t looking, and how all of them turned away when she was. The table she normally sat at with Finn and Poe and their friends was empty except for her. She’d gotten some food for herself, knowing she should eat, but her stomach was still roiling after all that had happened in the past twelve hours. She picked at a sweet roll, slouched over on her elbows on the table. She noticed the chatter, too. Is she alright? I thought she was under control. What happened yesterday? We really shouldn’t talk about it. What do you think this means for the war? Finally, she couldn’t take it anymore. She slammed the roll down on her tray and stormed out of the dining hall. It was a gorgeous day outside, not that she cared. She found a nice spot under a tree, curled into a ball, and sulked for a while. Luke found her there, Rey felt his presence before he made it within fifty feet of her, and didn’t bother looking up to speak to him. “If you’re going to say what I think you’re going to say, don’t.” Luke raised his eyebrows at her, then crossed his legs and sat down next to her. “I wasn’t going to say anything. I just thought you might like some quiet company.” Rey could only stay quiet for a second. “...do they ever stop being so… loud?” “What, everyone else’s thoughts?” Rey nodded, and Luke shook his head. “No. Ordinary people don’t ever realize how loud they are in their own heads. I’ve learned to tune them out over the years.” “Years.” Rey huffed. Luke nodded, and there was another beat of silence between them, before Rey whispered, “They hate me.” “No one hates you, Rey.” “Maybe not, but they’re scared of me, at least!” She pressed her palms to her forehead, trying to keep herself from going hysterical. “I thought you said I was making progress.” “I did, and you are, Rey. But that much power takes a lot of time and patience to learn how to control.” “But I’m trying . Nothing I do works. It’s like it’s all coming to a boil inside of me, and if I don’t let it out, I’m going to explode!” “I can’t tell you exactly how to channel it, Rey,” Luke was trying to reason with her, and she could tell he meant it sincerely, but that did nothing to help her frustration. “You’ll have to figure out for yourself what the Jedi teachings mean to you. I can only show you what to learn, how you learn it is up to you.” Rey sighed. “Isn’t there a way to… I dunno, balance myself?” Luke furrowed his eyebrows at her. “Balance yourself?” “Yeah. You said that there has to be balance between the Light and Dark sides of the Force, but what if there was a way to do it so you have… I dunno, both sides in balance within yourself?” He was looking at her like she was crazy. She groaned in frustration and got back up from her place beside the tree. “Forget it. I need to be alone.” She didn’t wait for him to respond before she marched back towards the barracks. As she sat on her bed, she closed her eyes and tried to meditate, tried to clear her head. Calm herself down. She thought about Ben. Even if it all happened in a dream, it felt more real than anything she’d ever felt before. She wanted that feeling of being close to him, his arms wrapped around her. She felt safe with him. “Rey?” His voice was so distant, like he was shouting across a chasm. She couldn’t see him, but she could hear him. It was definitely Ben. “Ben, I’m here!” She tried to shout across to him, her voice carried as if riding on the wind. “I need to talk to you! Can you hear me?” “I can barely hear you! You’re too far away!” His voice was further away now, like the chasm between them was widening. “Rey?!” “Ben!” She kept shouting after him, but his voice kept getting fainter and fainter the more she shouted. He was moving further and further away, until she opened her eyes and was back on her cot in the Base. “No,” she said, “no, no, no, no, NO! ” Nothing was working. She could feel every gaze, hear every thought from the mess hall earlier. And according to her teacher, the man who was supposed to know better (The Last Jedi for fuck’s sake!) She was supposed to use these outdated, emotionless rules to keep the galaxy in balance? And it wasn’t like she wanted to go to the Dark Side. She’d been inside the mind of Kylo Ren, she’d seen what the Dark Side had done to him; practically turned him into a living embodiment of turmoil. She had no desire to become the same. (She also had no desire to be like him, out of spite if nothing else.) She needed to step back. She needed to look at this situation and see what she really wanted. She needed to get away. * * * She'd been tired before. She'd been starved, exhausted, and pushed to the very edge of her physical limit on Jakku. Survival was never easy on a waste planet such as that. But this was a different kind of tired entirely. She was tired of everyone expecting things of her. She had this power inside her, something she was born with and never asked for, and for some reason, that meant that she was suddenly the most important person in the galaxy. The Light and the Dark were both fighting for her attention, but she didn't want any of this. What she wanted was simple, and no one ever seemed to care. So what was there left to do but run? She didn't dare take the Falcon. It was too easy to trace. But a generic x-wing fighter? That would have hardly been noticed. Besides, an X-Wing didn't require more than one pilot, and she didn't want anyone to know where she was going. Her movements were mechanical. She didn't know where exactly she was going, she just knew she was going away from the Resistance Base. She found herself on a highly-populated planet, in a seedy little bar. She hardly had any credits, but the few she had she planned to spend tonight. She didn't want any of this. She had nowhere to go, no one to go back to. If she disappeared, people would miss her for a second, but then they would move on with their lives and find the next big hero to save the galaxy. She wasn’t special; plenty of people before her had Force-sensitive powers, and plenty of people after her would have them too. The bar under her elbows was cold— or maybe her body temperature was rising. She reached into her bag to look for another couple of credits for another drink, but her bag was empty. The patrons in the bar around her kept thinking so loudly, she could hardly hear her own thoughts. The fucking Force. What business did this disembodied universal energy have in making her miserable? She couldn’t control it, so what was she supposed to do? Just let it drive her mad? She wanted it to stop. She wanted to be numb. She flagged the bartender down; she’d done this before, she could do it again. Sure, it wasn’t the most ethical thing to do, but when she thought it over, she didn’t particularly care. She looked him directly in the eyes. “You will bring me another drink.” The bartender’s eyes glazed over, and he straightened up. “I will bring you another drink.” That was too easy. No wonder Kylo fell to the Dark Side, it must have been harder to keep himself from defying all of Luke’s rules. She hated the guy, but at least she could finally see where he was coming from. Funny that she didn’t actually see him coming. “We meet again.” Her first thought was that the voice was in her head again. Because he hadn’t left her alone yet, why start now that she knew they shared some mystical connection? She groaned and rolled her eyes as the bartender passed her her drink. He seemed to move away too quickly, like he was afraid. “Yeah, yeah. Like you’ve ever left me alone for a second.” “Rey.” Oh. He actually was standing behind her, she could feel his Force signature humming in the air. It didn’t faze her whatsoever. She turned around to take in that stupid fucking mask, threw him a scowl and went back to her drink. “Kriff off.” “…are you drunk?” He was trying to keep his voice steady and unemotional, but she heard an undertone of surprise in there somewhere. “Maybe. Fuck do you care?” No sooner did she say it than her drink was sliding out of her hand and further down the bar. She snarled at him and reached for it, but slid off her stool. When she stumbled and started to fall, she froze in midair. She glared at the black-clad figure, who had his arm extended, keeping her from hitting the floor. “I suppose I don’t,” He rotated his hand, setting her on her feet before releasing her, “but you’re not exactly being subtle here. Did you know this planet is under the jurisdiction of the First Order?” “...no.” With his mask on, his chuckle sounded inhuman. “You’ve made this far too easy for me. Will you come quietly, or do I have to keep you quiet by myself?” “I’m going nowhere with you, fuck off.” She slid back onto the bar stool, grabbing her drink and holding it tighter this time. “I didn’t think you were capable of such colorful language.” “ Maker , you are stupid,” she groaned, “why can’t you just leave me alone?” She could feel his anger flare. Good. “Power like yours—” “ Don’t you get it?! ” Rey was shouting now, “I don’t care! I don’t want this power, I never asked for it! You pester me and pester me about joining you, but you’re no different from the Resistance!” He was angrier now. “You dare —” “Shut UP!” She threw her drink at him, with no benefit. He stopped the glass and the liquid in midair, and used the Force to set it on the bar. She used this opportunity to turn tail and run out of the bar. She knew he would follow her, but she wanted to get out of there as fast as possible. She wanted to go— ...where? Where did she even have to go? Back to the Resistance Base? Back to stifling her emotions and trying in vain to control this power by sheer will alone? Back to the worried glances of the Resistance fighters, to the concerned and even pitying looks from Finn, from Poe Dameron and General Organa? Back to Luke’s dusty rules that didn’t even work? Or would she rather go back to Jakku, where day in and day out, she would be taken advantage of by that wastoid Unkar Plutt? Sandstorms, fighting for a dwindling supply of scraps with other scavengers, the portions that barely kept her alive? All for what, waiting for a family that she now knew was never coming back? “I can help you control it!” He shouted after her, “Skywalker’s frigid old Jedi Code isn’t enough for you, is it?” She rolled her eyes and finally stopped, turning back to look at him. He continued: “It wasn’t enough for me, either. Allow me to show you the ways of the Force, to harness it and bend it to your will… and you can have anything you want.” “How do you know what I want?!” She snarled back at him, “How could you possibly know what I want?” “I’ve been inside your mind.” He stalked closer to her, his head tilting slightly to the left. “You were lonely, waiting and hoping for your family to come back for you—” “But they never will,” Rey said, “I know that now. That doesn’t mean I’m going to abandon doing what’s right.” There was a beat of silence between them, then Ren looked around them; the street they’d wound up on was all but abandoned. He reached up and pressed the release on his helmet. The hydraulics hissed, and he reached up to take the helmet off. He was just the same as when she’d last seen him in that dream, but somehow, it was much more striking to witness his face in person again. The last time she’d seen him in person was on Starkiller Base, as the chasm opened up between them, keeping her from finishing him. The scar had healed well; somehow the jagged trail of deep pink stretching from his forehead, across his nose, and down his jaw suited him. He was paler than she remembered, if that was at all possible. Heavy bags hung under his eyes, the deep brown intensity of which had lost some of its fervor. “What’s right for who?” He tucked his helmet under his arm, regarding her with a steady face, “Who are you fighting for, if not for yourself?” “I’m not selfish.” “I didn’t say you should be. There’s a difference between caring for yourself and being selfish. You want to find your place in the galaxy, don’t you? If you would open yourself up to me—” “Maker, you really don’t listen, do you?” Rey groaned and rubbed at her eyes, “I’m going back to the bar.” Ren scowled and grabbed her arm, preventing her from walking away. “Why won’t you let me—” “Because I don’t want what you think I want!” She slapped his arm, trying to get him to let her go. She was starting to get hysterical, tears welling up in her eyes. “No one’s ever asked what I want! You want me to be some sort of weapon for the Dark Side, the Resistance wants me to be some sort of hero for the Light, but no one’s ever bothered to ask me if I want any of this!” “What do you want?” “ I just wanted my family back!” She was still drunk. One of her feet slipped out from under her, and she went limp, breaking into sobs. Ren was still holding her arm, but hardly supporting her weight. “I just… wanted my family back…” Slowly, he lowered her arm, and she sunk to her knees, burying her face in her hands. She was showing weakness, something she hadn’t shown anyone for as long as she could remember, but for reasons unknown, she couldn’t bring herself to care. Emotion poured out of her like a burst pipe, shaking her body and making her chest ache. It was like her whole world was crashing down on her head: she couldn’t hold it up anymore, and the only thing she could do was cry. Kylo Ren said nothing more. She knew he was there, but she didn’t feel threatened by him. She just wanted him to go away. Just as she thought she was going to fall over and curl into a ball, she felt the touch of leather to her temple. Her eyes closed on her tears, her jaw went slack mid-sob. The last thing she felt before she slipped into the black were a pair of strong arms around her. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the You're Gonna Go Far, Kid series