Jessika Pava loved plants. She had a degree in botany and owned a flower shop named Pava's Plants. Not that this was a surprise to anyone who had ever heard her talk for more than half an hour. Growing up, she spent hours poring over botany books that her mother bought her, tending the garden, eventually growing a little garden of her own in a field about a quarter mile from her house. She would go there every day with two large buckets of water and take in the beauty of the plants around her, of their colours and details. Gardens were more of a home to her than a house ever was. So, needless to say, no one was shocked when she opened the place with her best friend, Poe Dameron. Poe often liked to joke that he was only there for the cheque, but Jessika knew he loved the damn flowers just as much as she did. (She also knew that he was sneaking some of them about once a week onto the doorstep of a cute social worker named Finn who had an apartment about a block from the shop. Not that he needed to know that .) Speak of the devil, Poe trotted into the room and approached her at the counter, hands behind him, a dazzling grin plastered on his face. "Jess, is it alright if I take my break now? I have something I have to get done," he said, voice cracking ever so slightly on "something". With a smirk, Jess decided not to mention how unsubtle the flowers sticking out behind his back were. Coreopsis arkansa. 'Love at first sight'. What a dork. Resisting the urge to roll her eyes, Jess nodded, and Poe was out the door faster than you could say "Finn". No, Jess wasn't jealous. She had her plants. Her plants were a good substitute for love, she thought. No, she wasn't lonely, thank you very much. She wasn't. Not out loud. The little bell on the shop's door rang, signaling the arrival of a customer. Jess straightened up, putting on the polite smile she reserved for customers. "Can I help you?" A hand slapped down on the desk, causing her to flinch, then lifted up, revealing a twenty-dollar bill. "How do I passive-aggressively say 'fuck you' in flower?" Jess lifted her eyes up from the money and met an intense brown-eyed gaze, that was attached to one of the most beautiful girls she'd ever seen. She had a lean frame, tanned and muscular, with a sharp yet rounded jaw and pink lips. Her hair was piled into three buns, and her intimidating posture screamed "don't fuck with me." Her brows were furrowed in irritation and her jaw was clenched. Jess shook herself from her ogling and offered a smirk. "Of course, ma'am. If you'll follow me." The girl followed Jess through the shop and towards the back. Jess stopped her and looked at her questioningly. "So what did this person do?" "It's for my dad— well, adopted dad," the girl said, blowing an errant strand of hair from her face. "He's been a right asshole my entire life and usend to tell me I'd never go anywhere or do anything with myself. Well, I just graduated with a degree in engineering and want to send him a little something," she explained with a scowl. Jess nodded thoughtfully. "I think I can help you with that." After a moment of searching, she picked a flower, holding it up for the other girl to see. "We can start with crowfoot, meaning ingratitude." The girl laughed, taking the flower and looking it over. "Perfect." Jess continued going throughout the shop and picking out the plants, the girl trailing behind her. "Fumitory, for hatred." "Yellow carnations, for contempt or disdain." "Meadowsweet, for uselessness." "Cardamine, for paternal error." "Hydrangea, for heartlessness." Jess and the girl finally came to the last stop. "And finally, fish geranium, for disappointed expectation." The girl giggled, taking the last flower and adding it to her fistful with a grin. "Honestly? He won't be smart enough to pick up on any of this. It's cool, how much you know about flowers." Jess blushed, looking down at her shoes. "Thanks. I have a degree in botany." The girl nodded slowly, giving her a twice-over, then approached the counter as Jess walked around to the register. "That'll be $15.47." "You know, I never caught your name," the girl said with a grin as she handed over the bill she had slapped down earlier. "Jessika. Or just Jess." "Nice to meet you, Jess. I'm Rey." Jess smiled. "Rey, meaning king." Rey's eyebrows rose, and she nodded. "So you're good with names, too, huh? Any other secret talents you're hiding?" As she spoke, she took the carefully selected bouquet back into her hands, noticing one flower among the rest that she hadn't earlier. "What's this one?" she asked, pointing out the newcomer. Jess casually leaned on the counter with a grin. "Calla lily, meaning magnificence and beauty. That one may not be for your dad, though." "Why, thank you. I must pay you for it," Rey said sweetly, fishing into her purse. "No, free of charge." "Nonsense," Rey insisted. She slid a piece of paper with her number on it across the counter with a wink and a sweet smile, and sauntered out of the store. Jess took the piece of paper and pocketed it, butterflies fluttering for the first time in god knew how long. "YES!" she cheered, fist-pumping the air. "Someone's a little happy. What gives?" Jess turned to see Poe watching her amusedly. She tried to hide her blush, immediately realizing how moronic she just was, but he knew her far too well for that. "Nothing gives. How did Finn like those flowers you gave him?" Now it was Poe's turn to be embarrassed. He spluttered and turned beet-red as Jess laughed and came out from behind the counter. "You're on the register. Go on, loverboy." Notes: i have no idea if that's even a reasonable price for flowers.