Blood Void ... First-- Ever since Armitage could remember he’d been little more than a trophy. His first years were spent collecting dust, for lack of a more fruitful term; Armitage’s father was a severe man who carried himself with a callousness commonly seen in gentry. Brendol was not gentry, of course-- he was a shunned man, disgraced from his own unsightly methods during his military years. And if that had not been enough to doom him, the manner in which he’d demeaned himself with a kitchen woman during his middle years certainly was. It seemed fair to acknowledge that Brendol Hux had never intended for a child to result from their uncouth coupling. Nonetheless, he had been saddled with Armitage; a weak, sickly child with hair as red as blood and eyes glinting with a malice far beyond his years. Lady Hux, as Armitage had been made to address her, saw him for what he was the first time she’d laid eyes upon him. A wicked child, born of sin, she would remark to Brendol, refusing to so much as bestow a gaze upon the poor, degenerate bastard. And Armitage had always known there was a wickedness to him, had envisioned it so clearly, belying each movement, the shadow of his waifish figure cast over a bricked alley or a candlelit wall. Perhaps Maratelle had been useful for something after all, in judging what Brendol apparently could not. Brendol was a simpleton, for all his experience amongst authoritarian men; so quick to marry off the loathsome whelp he’d barely desired to name, giving him to a man with no practical experience in the realm of society other than nepotism. And perhaps it was nepotism, in the end, which had allowed Armitage to be gifted this marriage of circumstance. Brendol Hux wanted glory, he wanted status, the status which had been ripped from him, in his opinion, unfairly. Every move he made was for the sake of saving face, the reputation of which the Hux family had once held on high. Armitage had no admiration for his father’s hubris; it was as asinine a quality as his own supposed ignorance. His uneducated mind was supposedly incapable of comprehending mathematics or linguistics; the best we could expect of you is philosophy, Brendol had huffed, a true insult in its own right. Brendol was always quick to point out the negative traits of philosophers, their impractical theory, failed-logic, inability to scrounge a leg to stand on. But it was well known that Armitage was useless. And uselessness, as all else, was not up for debate. Especially not for a weak-willed bastard, whose place was to remain at the side of others. Bite your tongue, Armitage. Smile if you must. Society does not care for your opinion, nor do I. Minding that, his husband had enjoyed his ignorance in their first few months. Endearing, he would say. My endearing lark, Armitage. As though he were nothing more than a pet to be kept for entertainment, an object to represent how well-off the man was. The Tarkin name was quite renowned already, and fortunate. As a relation to the esteemed Wilhuff Tarkin (cousin, Clarence would always say, and then as an after-thought, twice-removed ), Clarence was from old money, a quality so sought after in society that Brendol had offered Armitage’s hand at the simple promise for connection. It was a wise decision, Armitage had been made to admit, and he had meant it, though that was a rather unfortunate thing in and of itself. His father seemed to have no care for Armitage’s condition; you are slight enough that it wouldn’t hurt you to wear a dress, boy, were the last words to fall from the insatiate ruffian’s mouth when he’d handed Armitage off. It would suit Lord Tarkin’s preference to have you, but you should take care to hide your proclivities. Homosexuality is depraved, but I should be glad to have you off my hands, at long last. This sentiment was mutual, needless to say, and Armitage had told Brendol as much, laughing in his face and spitting, the wickedness drawing an aura of darkness over his being. He had sounded decidedly sycophantic, a haughty tone of menace lacing each of his words, the smile on his face venomous. “My foolish father,” Armitage had hissed, all glinting-eyes and lascivious features. “You would do well to remember that your place in society is hardly above mine. In theory, I daresay I should be the pleased one. A splendid fate it is, away from the taint of your vainglory. May you roll in your grave when I return to piss on it.” The high-collared white dress that Armitage had worn during his wedding had tucked into a corset ringed in blue and silver. It hugged his reedy figure in a manner that accentuated only Armitage’s desirable assets; a slim waist and tall stature, now as regal as it had once been haphazard. His red hair was long enough to be pulled into a high knot on his head, drawn back to expose high cheekbones and the snobbish grimace that he found most befitting of his new position. He was made to shave regularly, caking his face with white powders that should shield his masculinity, were he to attend any formal events. It wasn’t as though he attended many. Befitting of their hastily-organized marriage, Clarence acknowledged Armitage as he might a child. It was clear that he thought his new partner to have no more intelligence than one, nor understanding. Armitage was to keep out of business affairs and his political involvement; don’t worry your pretty little head over such things, Tidge. Look after the house and the cleaning, entertain my friends. That seems far more to your tastes than bartering with financiers. The dismissal of his ideas was an endlessly frustrating habit of his husband’s. The few fineries he’d been privy to were amongst the Tarkins’ seemingly endless array of business partners. Heavyset men with overtly ridiculous expressions who seemed too keen on speaking about their inane propositions; the company Brendol had always sought and yet never held. Armitage minded himself, the reminder of hold your tongue, smile at them, hold your tongue replaying in his mind until it became a mantra. If the occasion called for it, he might be asked to dance, and he was expected to take up the task with fervor. He made an acquaintance. The boy’s name was Dopheld-- boy, Armitage had settled on, because he was surely no older than twenty-five. A young man with apparent aspiration, but a mouse-like demeanor; quiet, soft-spoken and gentle. Gentle in a way that was unbefitting of those in business. He’d held onto Armitage’s waist with reverence, a hand braced on the slight of his back and asking for permission whenever he so much as shifted. The whole encounter was horribly sweet. Sweet, and redundant, after all. Soon after, Armitage had begun his dismissal of Clarence Tarkin; the man seemed plenty giddy to diminish their relationship to a sexual one, something of intimacy and lust, pinning Armitage against the fine linens of their bed and kissing him breathless, hiking up his long limbs while he stretched out the younger’s tight hole with one, then two, then three fingers. Their exploits were usually quick, with Tarkin taking him from behind and filling his body with hot semen, leaning over him to nip at his neck , trail down his shoulder until he collapsed breathlessly atop him. On the offchance that he was feeling particularly adventurous, he might spend longer inside Armitage, or curl up behind him with his hand lazily tracing the swell of his ass and dipping along the stretched rim. It was demeaning, in a sense, for Armitage to roll over and accept the devious act of penetration. He couldn’t protest that he had come to find pleasure in the act, over time, edging himself toward whatever release he was allowed to garner during sex, but he was certain he would not have accepted this place so easily were it not expected of him. Though Armitage was more than pleased to fuck the man if it kept their talking to a minimum. The wretched pet names that his husband bestowed him were so demeaning that he’d begun to grow angry when they were forced to hold conversation. Calling Armitage idle, a spendthrift, dependent-- It would be so satisfying to throw those words back in his face. Although, Armitage considered: what would be the point? If his partner could not be bothered to indulge him, to acknowledge him, what reason had he to give even an insult in return? Instead of inquiring after Tarkin, Armitage had enthralled himself in literature. He was not well-read, and nor was it a simple task to make sense of the lengthy words, so calling upon his husband’s colleagues to lend him voice for passages was a logical move. Most were rather leery, and buffoonish, but they seemed reasonable enough to mind their manners-- though Armitage would admit to having engaged in the occasional touch. A hand on his thigh, perhaps, or an arm slung about his waist, supporting his slender frame and taking note of his questions with a laugh or a smirk. Asking after his well-being, after his relationship, as though they cared when it was so obvious they thought of him as a plaything in the manner Brendol once had. The only exception to be spoken of was Dopheld-- Dopheld, who was surprisingly innocent considering his circumstance, who came from a family of decent wealth and reputation. “Call me Hux,” he’d eventually requested of the young man, and Dopheld had taken to it eagerly. Dopheld enjoyed passionate tales, things of romance and fantasy that Hux had never particularly found to his taste. But there was such a guileless aura to the boy that Hux allowed him to indulge, to read without fear of judgment or bitter critique as he would offer to the others. Rodinon was particularly niche in his interests, and the impracticality of what he would bring to read was laughable. No, with Dopheld, Armitage allowed himself to indulge. And moreso, he allowed the boy to touch, more than he might another being. Mitaka never seemed offput by the knowledge that, beneath the lace and corsetry, Hux was of the same sex. If anything, he seemed fascinated, asking why Hux would allow his husband to treat him as he might a woman, why he would be alright with people deeming him a foolish lark or a toy. “It’s not all terrible,” Hux stated, once. “I’ve met you, haven’t I?” Though it was that very thing in which lay the problem. He was married, already, a claim stuck to him and sewn over his own autonomy, possessive. It was akin to a mark of ownership; unyielding, revolting. And in the knowledge of this face, Hux came to comprehend another matter: he needed to rid himself of Tarkin if he were to enjoy Dopheld’s company to the fullest. Hux may have been many things, but he was not a strumpet. He would not degrade himself to a position of worthlessness when a clear solution seemed to be dangled before him like a gift. And the solution was very beneficial. If Tarkin died, sans an heir, then Armitage would receive his money. Not his property, of course, but the wealth would be more than enough to allow him a capability for travel, for living. If Tarkin died, then Armitage would no longer have to worry about his presence, about helping to sate his ever-pressing needs without gaining anything in return, of being trapped in a life devoid of true passion. So, to sum up what his thoughts had been implicit in teasing since Brendol had first revoked claim of him, Hux decided: Tarkin had to die. Only then would he know passion. Only then would he know power. Armitage cried when it happened, forcing the little crystalline drops of melancholia to well in the corners of his eyes, the very picture of what he supposed a distraught wife might be. His hands had been shaking, when he’d so desperately latched onto the officer’s arm the night of Tarkin’s death, a quivering, clinging mess, too broken down to even string together a coherent sentence. He flashed an emotive gaze at the man, bit his lower lip with all the insecurity of a widow, made sure to ask, carefully, what am I to do? Who am I to go to, if I no longer have a husband? The servants who had heard the first echo of Hux’s scream were clearly shaken at the sight of a pallid, immobile corpse, stuffed tight in his bed and still half tangled around the red-haired creature he’d married. Armitage had not had enough heart to display sadness then, nor to appear so shaken by what most would consider a traumatic event. He concluded it was likely an acquired affect, the expressive volatility of mankind made for only a common human-- one who felt privy to normal emotions. Hux had returned to the mansion alone, tucking his ankle-length black coat further around his brittle limbs with a scowl, wishing desperately that he had planned further ahead in the timeline post-death. It was hardly a difficult task to lace Tarkin’s liquor with arsenic, to coax him into drinking it all with the promise of sex, then lay him to bed for an eternal slumber. In truth, Hux’s only concern had lain in the eyes of a dark-skinned housekeeper, a young, pretty thing whose lip curled at the very sight of Hux with an unspoken knowledge. The boy was surely far younger than Hux, considering the widower had not seen him wandering the home in the past seven years of his entrapment. Not that it was a concern at all-- Finn was as illiterate as he was, himself, but with none of the wit to back up his incomprehension. What harm would a dim-witted child do, even if allowed a voice? Hux called him up nonetheless, not bothering to take on the pretense of grieving lover. He ushered Finn into his quarters with a menacing grin, a slim-fingered hand lingering for a moment too long on the boy’s shoulder as he turned to the wardrobe. The ring Tarkin had graced him with on announcement of their engagement was notably absent. “Help me dress, dear boy,” Hux called, the primal lure of a predator lingering in each action he took. And Finn had obeyed, undertaking the task of lacing Hux’s corset-- tighter, I need to seem weak-- and redoing the buttons of a high-collar, thin waves of black lace flattering Hux’s porcelain flesh in a most ethereal way. The fabric clung to his skin, a second skin for Hux to wear as a defense, his eyelashes fluttering once the last hook had been clasped around his throat. Finn offered praise when requested, though Hux couldn’t say whether it was purely out of fear or if the boy had found another motivation. It seemed rather evident that Finn thought him cold-blooded, a murderer in every sense of the word. Hux allowed Finn to settle the sheer veil over his face, a dust of pitch dots covering his ginger hair, his expressionless glare, and when the servant had secured it with a silver ringlet settled over his head, Hux had laughed, much in the same way he had upon Brendol’s dismissal of him. It was feral, instinctual, and so nefarious that it might have caused a lesser man to soil himself. But Finn hadn’t; he’d shook his head, kept his eyes trained on the floor until Hux had taken the care to slip fingers beneath his chin and tilt his head high. His own eyes, green-blue like the depths of a tumultuous sea, were devoid of the typical cues matching sanity. Instead, Hux appeared to feel nothing-- apathy, at its finest. “You’re a wicked man, Hux,” Finn had said to him, and Hux only grinned, leaning down to capture his lips in a kiss that burned with the sordidness of death. “I know.” Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) -- second If there had been a word to describe Finn, the clear choice would be ill-fated. At only twenty years, the boy had seen more than enough of heinous acts, of mankind’s darkest tribulations, than anyone should ever be made privy to. Were it not his duty to serve, to submit himself to scrutiny in the half-life of indentured servitude, Finn would have seen to his own departure before the madness had time to take hold. The revelation had come too late, as expected. Finn could count the times he'd been provided a basin of water to clean Lord Organa’s knives of blood, purge the stains of Ben’s inner monstrosity. He hadn't dared to speak then; the head servant, Phasma, was a prickly woman who would surely lash him for talking out of turn, but Ben had been worse. His temper had seen the destruction of many a mirror, a desk, a chair-- a person. Ben Organa had been unseemly to begin with, but his madness had grown tenfold after returning from the East. Leia had taken to looking after him as one would expect of a mother, making sure to have the maids bring him timely meals, trimming up his tangled mess of black hair and tucking him back under the covers when he awoke, screaming from a dream-terror. But Finn had seen what Leia had refused to; he had seen Ben wrap his hand around his closest companion’s neck, had watched him lash out with a steady crack of his palm, had observed him as he painted bloody trails over the inside of his own arm. The instability was frightening, and Rey had been more than ready to acknowledge that as well, unnerved by Ben’s abrasive behavior, his choleric temperament. It had drawn her away from him, and his advances, the predatory remarks that had seemed only befitting of someone mad beyond all reason. And, certainly, Ben was beyond reason. Finn knew, in ways no child would have desired to know. He knew with the terror in Rey’s eyes, the imprint of fingers drawn about her wrist, a tremor in her step whenever she was faced with him, the man who pursued her, who corrupted all which fell in his path. He is vile, Finn, she told him, a monster. But he's scared too. I can feel it, I can-- Well, Finn considered, tucking in the final edge of Armitage’s black slip, the final string of an elegant and high-waisted corset settling into place with dark ribbon. It never mattered, anyhow. She was taken from me regardless. It had begun with the flower petals, red slips picked thin from a carnation and pressed into the pocket of Rey’s apron when she awoke. They were ghastly things, she'd remarked, almost taunting her-- the papers with abhorrent words scrawled across them in cursive had only been worse, putting a voice to something she had feared all along. Whore, they said, filthy scavenger. You think yourself too good for me. You're nothing. You understand nothing. You need a lesson, girl. Something befitting of your ignorance. Pain. Pain is the strongest testament to human failure. How pretty your blood is, girl, red on black on white, rivers singing to me from your soul. Life's blood, life's venom-- I would have yours, I would. And he had. He had, he'd split her open, one arm around her delicate waist as the brittle end of a dagger protruded from Rey’s ribcage. She'd been so stunned, so breathless, clung to him and spilling crimson down the Lord’s front, her tiny fingers tensed in a hold on the counter behind her, useless. She'd whispered Finn’s name, soft and quiet, airy like an angel. It was his sole focus, the light hidden between her gentle words, as the dagger was accursedly plucked free and slid back between her limbs like butter. Finn hadn't screamed. He wouldn't dare, wouldn't risk everything he'd so long sought, not if it meant divesting himself of security, losing everything and not just Rey. Instead, he had quivered, curling in in himself as his hands faltered and bunched in his own loose robes. Tears began to prickle the inside of his eyelids, tightly shuttered while he wept . And from there, he'd lost himself. And now, here he was. The indentured servant Finn, created anew yet with such a similar circumstance that it would be foolhardy not to deem him ill-fated. Ill-fated and ill-favored and wounded, grievously. “You're such a lovely boy,” Armitage cooed, his fingers like needles that grazed the edge of Finn’s jaw, nails etching a trail over stubble not days old with his bemused smirk, vitriol oozing from between the seams of his prettiness. “Veil, Finn.” And the boy complied, hastily pinning the silver-sheen fabric in between the locks of Hux’s elaborate up-do. This lace, fine and sheer, glowed like moonlight, bathing the man’s white-washed cheeks in an array of stars, adorning him as though he were a being of splendeur, not merely a disillusioned bastard. It seemed, then, as though Hux could read his mind. A white-gloved arm backhanded the younger across the face, not bothering to hold in the force of his wickedness. Prim lips took on a grimace, disgusted. “You would do well not to even think of crossing me.” The servant flinched, even in spite of his better instincts urging him to calm, stay rigid and apathetic of Hux’s spite. Finn was not intimidated by Tarkin’s so-called wife , not as he should have been; even as bitter as he appeared, and so quick to snap out retorts, to punish with a domineering hand as his husband so often sought to do, Hux was weak. Weak in that he, himself, hardly seemed capable of understanding his own desires. Weak, in that he could feign emotion but never conjure it, only a short-lived glee or misery that seemed to throw him into a haze of delusion once more. “Were you to go to town this morning, Armitage?” “It depends on whether anyone is willing to accompany me,” his hand slid over the curve of Finn’s broad shoulder, pinching the cloth of his shirt between a pointer finger and thumb, then biting his lip. “Would you enjoy that, Finn? Leaving the manor, laying eyes on people besides me and your servant friends? I know I have a penchant for enmity, but it’s not all bad, is it?” “Not in a traditional sense, ma’am.” “How funny,” the other continued, and Finn’s eyes widened once Hux took hold of his chin yet again, his mouth so near to the younger’s eyes that the heat of his breath was making the lashes flick. “I’ve never met someone as brazen as you, Finn. You’re very interesting. If I weren’t already spoken for, I might have taken you to bed.” All that Finn’s presence affirmed was Hux’s righteousness in killing Tarkin. The man had been so absorbed with himself it was practically egomaniacal; not only was he better off unbound like this, but so, it appeared, was everyone else. And perhaps Hux had, in truth, taken a liking to this mild-mannered boy, this worthless servant who did not hold his tongue, who saw Hux for what he truly was. Diseased. Overcome by his own wickedness. How trite it was, really. Was Hux truly wicked for desiring his own self-value? Philosophers might make a point of disagreeing, but Hux had never been keen on philosophy, not even in Brendol’s taunts. It was obvious that Armitage Hux was made for so much more than being a pretty bedwarmer. He’d taken Finn into market that day in the hopes that the boy might find it fit to open up; there were few things that intrigued Armitage as much as this pretty servant, with his jaded words but eyes of softness, an old soul inhabiting a young body. Governed by hope, it would appear, and as utterly puerile an ideology as it was, the concept seemed oddly… beloved. Hux rolled a string of beads between his bony fingers, nails napping against the curve of a wooden circle as he looked to Finn once more. From the corner of his eye, it was easier to judge the boy’s character… a bit tumultuous, a wounded bird, his eyes glancing across a slip of paper sat in the newsstand with-- I thought he was unable to read. Is the child literate after all? How begrieved am I, that my father denied me even a basis for knowledge? Finn’s mouth curved into a slight frown, Hux’s hand curling around his wrist. It was hardly a passing minute as the redhead’s own grip trailed lower, his fingers lacing tightly around the dark-skinned boy’s own, only for Finn to jolt and yank himself away, as though burned. “Did I startle you?” Hux questioned, his voice a mask of pretend-ignorance. “Did you wish to have a paper, Finn? I’m certain I have the money…” Now that my witless husband is gone, went unspoken, though Finn’s brow furrowed as though picking up on the unsaid words between the lines. “The picture-- she reminded me of… of someone I cared for.” Cared for. What an absurd notion. Hux smiled, poison dripping from his lips. “Would you like to talk about her?” “No.” Finn snapped, roughly, and then his eyes widened, as if realizing his error. “I’m sorry, s- ma’am. But I can’t speak of her.” The vivid image of long, tangled curls and enamored eyes both empathetic and sympathetic called to him; instead, Finn ducked his head, pushed Rey from his mind once and for all. “A friend. She was a-- my friend.” “I was not so unlike you, once,” Hux tells Finn as the servant purses his lips, a tight line across his face that seems inelegant even for a servant. He's let the boy brush his hair, a tangled mess of red that falls in ringlets down his back, loose from the usual courtly updo. Finn’s hand does not shake when touching him, and for that, Hux almost manages to conjure some sense of admiration. Fortitude was a quality of the highest caliber, as Brendol would affirm. “How so, sir?” Finn’s voice had dropped, a tone between meek and frustrated, yet the need to convey his passions was clear; he so hated Armitage, perhaps as much as he’d hated Tarkin. And what a wonderful thing it was, to feel hatred! Hux would have humored him, were it a different time, a different place. “Well, Finn, you see how I am now? It was charity to bring me this far, or rather what my father constituted as charitable. My tribulation came in my bastard childhood, my fair appearance-- did you know the whore who called herself my mother thought me a witch? ” Hux smiled, then, his fingers dancing over the servant’s cheek. “Maratelle always did fancy a sense of humor.” Stretching out, languid and shameless, Hux brings his head to rest along the taut skin of Finn’s abdomen. His lips grace the inside of the boy's thigh, an afterthought, offering appreciation in the most primitive of manners. Finn is abnormally still, statuesque in his position, shaking his head only when Armitage manages to nip at the thin cloth shrouding his lovely chocolate-skin. “Finn,” Hux begins, soft but not innocent, disturbingly lascivious. “Tell me a story, will you?” “I-I am unable to read, Armitage.” “Literacy is unnecessary for storytelling,” Hux reminds him, his thoughts settled on a singular frame of paper, a black-and-white sketch of a girl still far in her youth, eyes like jewels set tight in her skull. “The girl,” he continues, brazen. “She was quite pretty, I suppose, to draw attention from you. Did you sit with her as I sit with you, Finn?” “No. Not like this.” “Shame.” Hux flicks his tongue over his lips, pausing. “I never sat with Tarkin, either. I suppose he thought himself too good for such a position. But you and I, Finn, we're of the same material. Poverty, anguish… the undesirables, as it were. You, for your skin and your orphanhood, me as a red-haired bastard.” “Honest, sir? I was never meant for a place in society. But I can love.” “And I am unable?” “Incapable,” Finn acknowledges. “You don't understand the basis of love.” Hux laughs, wild and hardly coherent. “Yes, of course, dear! How uncouth you are. A better mistress would punish you, but I see it as an asset. You may still have a chance.” He hummed, those blue eyes dancing with mirth as they caught Finn’s surprised gaze. “I would allow you a chance, you understand.” Finn swallowed. “I’m not certain I do.” “Well, aren’t you just the picture of insecurity?” There held a pause, menacing. “Entertain me, Finn.” It was only once winter had passed and the Manor was growing to a state of restlessness again that Mitaka began frequenting the home. Not to say any of the servants had been particularly surprise; Armitage had always been borderline-obsessed with the younger man’s company, pressing his hands all over the demure banker’s small form and calling him to his room under the pretense of having the boy read him stories even when Tarkin had lived. Finn heard gossip-- some envious, some appalled at the behaviors of Mistress Tarkin and his whorish manner. It all seemed quite the scandal, and to nobody more than Hux, who reveled in the attention such a reputation seemed to have given him. He called upon Finn less regularly than before, but their meetings were always drawn out and ripe with conversation, a bitter tongue poking fun at the servant in a manner befitting of siblings. Finn disliked that he was beginning to see a more human side to Armitage. Not only for their common backgrounds, their suffering, but for the fact that, given a chance, Hux would be more than amenable if he had to stick a knife in Finn’s back. Certainly he wouldn’t waste time with Mitaka, either, no matter how precious he claimed the young man was. He’d said as much, after all. “I like practical things, Finn. Practical things and practical people… those who are useful to me. But what happens when someone has outlived their purpose? Well.” He’d chuckled, the blunt end of a cigarra pressed into the ashtray beside his bed. “I think you are aware.” Finn couldn’t claim a sympathy for Tarkin; the man had been downright rude in light of his circumstances. Though, if what Hux had said was true, that was expected of the nobility… the upper-class, bourgeois imbeciles, as he’d called them. The thought, however, of being able to carelessly discard other humans at any time that was so desired, was disturbing. Yet again, Finn thought of Hux’s dainty hands, the hands of an aristocrat, overlaid in the slippery iron of blood, a knife in grasp. Ben, who had always appeared to have thought the same, Ben, who was psychotic as he was handsome. “So… hypothetically,” Finn had begun, and Hux had grinned, the cheshire smile of a pleased cat. “If there was someone who deigned to show you affection, yet they weren’t of use to you, what would you then do?” “Is that an offer?” The ginger questioned, folding arms in his lap, prim. “Oh, Finn. You’re far too interesting to be my sacrificial lamb. All those secluded thoughts, rattling about inside that pretty head of yours… you are almost a mystery. And I do so enjoy solving riddles. Although perhaps you are not as inconspicuous as you would first appear…” Then, arms raising, Armitage had walked his hand over Finn’s chilled flesh, swept the edge of white fabric away from his throat to draw his palm over a shoulder wider than his own. Like the rest of him, his hands were bony, frail, nails like pinpricks once they’d nipped at Finn’s skin, the older man settled back on his mattress with his chin raised and eyes carefully watching. A pink tongue swiped across the edge of Hux’s mouth, his white dressing gown rumpled over his chest, heaving as though he were suddenly unable to get enough air. The red flush high on his cheeks was enough to draw Finn’s blood cold. Armitage was aroused, longing, and his gaze read of pure sin, in the most detrimental of ways. “I… I cannot. Will not …” Finn grasped for words, pressing a hand against the visible protrusion of Hux’s collar, urging the man away from him. Hux had already parted his legs from each other, almost expectant, but at Finn’s unsteady speech, he offered a mere quirk of the head, a raised brow. “So you did have a lover.” He said it in a manner of introspection, as though filing the information away for future consumption. “Was it her, Finn? The girl, the one you met so long ago… serving House Organa?” The ginger brushed a hand through his smooth hair, once again stoic, filtered. “Leia Organa has extended an invitation to Dopheld, you realize.” “Why?” Finn’s voice cracked, the echo of it a gasp. “Who cares? I certainly don’t. She’s a misguided, petty woman! But if I’ve come to understand, she has a son…” Armitage licked his lips, once more, rolling onto one side with his arm stretched over a pillow, crooning. “A son, with interesting pastimes, who seems rather estranged. Living under her roof but hardly ever there… on the streets, perhaps?” He knew. The clarity of a man trying to gain information was not unfamiliar to Finn, even if he hadn’t known any to go about it quite in the same way as the wicked redhead to whom he played caretaker. “Please,” Finn begins, begging for something far beyond his control. “Please, Armitage.” “What would you do in exchange for my discretion?” Hux questioned, as frivolously as he might ask to have his corset laced. “I would…” Finn mulled over Ben; mulled over Rey, her agony, her sorrow, the neverending force of her screams still pounding against the inside of his skull. His head was throbbing, almost hazy with a fog of uncertainty and a need to scream, to cry, to tear himself away from it all. This reality-- Ben, Rey, Poe, Leia. Armitage. His tormentor and-- Friend? “Anything,” the boy gasps, shuddering and drawing an uneven breath, a wheeze audible in his voice. “Please, Armitage. Anything.” The ginger feigns a frown, unfolding his skinny arms, the loose gown bunching at his elbows. “Come here, Finn. Everything will come to pass. I’m here, am I not?” He tucks the servant to his chest, one hand cradling the back of his near-shaven head in a facsimile of what a parent might do. Finn can feel Hux’s mouth-- silver-tongued, wretched-- against his ear, the hot musk of his tongue insufferable in the worst of ways. Hux is still too near, and too villainous, yet too caring for a being of evil. Vile, but not evil. Not like… Tears swell in Finn’s eyes and he bunches Armitage’s gown within his fists, his head slipping to hide against the crook of his neck. Armitage is pale, but his throat is lined with marks-- love-marks, across his collar, and a jagged scar which Finn has not noticed before. He tenses, uncertain, slipping back into silence, allowing the callous comfort of Armitage’s skeletal body, whatever emotion he might find in this cruel embrace. “You will be quite fine, Finn. Quite, really. After all, you’re mine, now. And I take very good care of those I deem worthy.” Hux has seen enough of barter, of politics, to understand the technique of negotiating. Though he does not enjoy negotiating, per se, in the same manner which he enjoys control, the feel of power within his grasp and the ability to manipulate others in whatever way he deems best. For that matter, Hux has always been adept, even skilled, some might say, in getting what he wants while befitted with a lesser position. As expected, once again, Armitage Hux gets what he wants. He is thirty-two now; not the youthful bride he had been once, but a more elegant being who understood how to work with what he was given. Perhaps cheating his way through life was not a method seen as desirable, but Armitage had always been one for fighting dirty. Why should he idolize sanctity when others were keen to leer, to touch and use him as they might a plaything? Why should he not take advantage of their weakness, their own profligacy? No. Humans were all pawns, pieces on a large playing table, waiting for a sign of fate to be ordered by their maker. Hux was only playing the game. It was what Brendol would have wished, for him to grow a set of balls, to no longer be that fragile, weak-willed slip of a thing he’d grown up as. And so, at thirty-two years of age, Armitage Tarkin (nee Hux) is remarried to Dopheld Mitaka, under the guise of love. Love, which Armitage is uncertain he has ever felt, which Finn is keen to remind him is not in his nature. No, what he feels for Mitaka, his sweet, sweet Mitaka, is nothing more than a sense of loyalty, a desire to take comfort from whomever might allow it to him. Hux feels nothing in the manner of lust, not as a typical man might. He is abnormal, abnormal enough that, before the consummation of his newfound happiness, he takes an hour teasing himself to hardness, trying to remind himself that this is what he wants, just as Tarkin had been what he’d wanted, once before. Tarkin, with whom this intimacy had been very similar, who had chased his own pleasure before Hux’s own as he finished himself. Was lust real? Perhaps, from a biological standpoint. But Finn had been wrong on one level: love was a thing of fantasies. Hux presses Mitaka back into the mattress once they are alone in the younger’s quarters, draped with splendor of rich, purple curtains and soft blankets. He nips at the boy’s mouth, coaxes it open with his tongue, appreciative of the way Dopheld’s hands climb up his back, splayed over the white and gold of his corset, tucking into the lacing with a tiny moan. Mitaka had the manner of a devoted acolyte, reverent in his touches, settling hands along Hux’s hips and gripping, fingers against the small of his back, pressing into the curve of Armitage’s spine until he pitches, whines. The white lace is secured by a section of hoop, a more attractive style than letting his skirts bunch and hang as a deadweight, but uncomfortable. Hux doesn’t protest when Mitaka rids him of the garment completely, left only in his stockings, his corset and undergarments, seeming off fineries when on his otherwise naked body. His ribs jut, a constant point of loathing, waist shaped into a perfect hourglass where his husband’s hands might rest as they watch each other. Hux allows Mitaka to trace his perineum; his body is already open and waiting, accepting the intrusion of an enticed fingertip without hassle, making sure to relax his jaw and drop back into the penetration. I need you, he tells Dopheld, I want you. It’s hardly a passage of time before Dopheld is inside him, his cock filling Armitage both deeply and intimately, a shockwave of pleasure coursing through him as his stomach turns. He leans over the boy, mouths at his neck while he rides him-- the sex is not rough as he supposes it should have been. But then, Dopheld is anything but rough, a gentle and nervous lover, worshipping him with snippets of praise. Please, Armitage. Y-you’re so beautiful, so pretty. I’d let you have me, if you want-- I just want to hold you, let me hold you. You have a lovely smile-- please, please. Hux curls into his longtime friend’s side, an arm slung about his waist, intimate. His eyes flutter shut; he thinks, momentarily, of Finn, of what Finn might say to this whole charade, of how Finn would know that, at this unfortunate marriage, Hux has tired of Mitaka’s attention. No, Mitaka has grown useless, a means to an end that Hux cannot yet see. “-- accompany me?” “For what occasion, dear?” Hux questions, unenthused. “Leia Organa’s ball. The dance. I-I thought…” That does grasp his interest. A name flickers through the forefront of Hux’s mind; simple, short, inelegant. Ben Organa-- Ben Solo. “Of course,” Armitage says. “I’m your husband.” Until I am, inevitably, not. Notes: yes, Hux and Finn's dynamic is slightly resemblant of the Queen and Snow White, for obvious reasons; those parallels will be even clearer later on. to anyone who is sticking with me, next chapter is where the gruesome factor will really take off. Chapter 3 Notes: honestly this is where hell begins. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) … Third Ben has never enjoyed attending the galas which Leia Organa holds every year. Her main company comes in the form of those in the realm of business, wealthy bankers, traders and lawyers, prominent figureheads in the government who only show because of the sway the Organa reputation has over them. Ben, himself, has always loathed such displays of necessitous chivalry; the entire thing is a compassion that would be unwarranted if their family hadn’t been of noble blood. Those who attend are ridiculously ignominious, oftentimes barbaric, the type of people to lie to one’s face, falsify affection, and spit on them behind their back. This is fact, evident in every aspect of Ben’s daily life, his interactions, his relationships. Even the few he once thought he could trust were filthy, rife with wickedness because they couldn’t hold their tongues. Backstabbers, double-crossers, traitors. He has always much preferred the comforting weight of a blade steady in his hand to the partnership of another human being. There were miracles in blood, the force of all life in their realm, often considered to have healing properties. Ben had ingested it, before, drank it in the hope that life’s blood might heal his insides-- putrid, rotten, festering from the inside-- but that, ultimately, failed. Everything attributed to him, Ben Solo, failed, as it was bound to. Save for killing. It hadn’t driven him mad, but the ease in which he could sever a human spine, snap a neck, drive a dagger deep into a beating heart, was phenomenal. In fact, it was the only phenomenal thing about Ben; he had heard his mother conversing with his uncle once he’d returned home, the half-words of haunted and not himself and failure, impure, wouldn’t have been able making their home in the corner of his mind reserved for loathing, Ben’s self-critique of his own flaws. He had never felt more alone than he was now. But, in hindsight, Ben Organa-Solo had always been rather unseemly. Destined for solitude as a result of his own misfortune. Whether it was from the derisive glint in his eyes, a choleric thing that promised great pain to any who dared cross him, or the air of mystery he shrouded himself with, an isolation and solitude that projected as clearly as any word ever would, Ben himself could not say. For that matter, there were very few things of which he could say, of which he was certain enough to voice; the boy had become very used to holding his tongue, out of both an antisocial inclination as well as a frustration over his childhood. As the son of a noblewoman, his mother’s legacy overshadowed much of his own capacity for speech. His strength, while overt and intense like no other, seemed temperate when overshadowed by the besmirching gazes of those who surrounded him and the absence of his father, a “lowly thief” who Leia had cast aside for the greater good. It seemed fitting that she would be unnerved at the thought of Han’s pastimes tarnishing her reputation, least of all as a woman of power. Leia, in the end, seemed to feel quite similar in matters pertaining to Ben. Ben had been, for his part, a decent child. Certainly not pure, but wholesome enough, and fairly judicious; he understood societal norms and the hierarchy of castes, even as separated as they had become now. He also understood that Leia did not want him. No, she thought him a hindrance-- his own mother-- and would sooner have cast him aside than attempted to provide him comfort. You take after Han, she had told him once. And then, much later, you take after your grandfather. The grandfather that Leia had loathed to even mention, the man whom she had cast slight upon slight over, slandered by every stretch of the mind, who she deemed perversely twisted-- and she thought Ben was his familiar, that they were alike. So when Ben had been sent away, he hadn’t argued; there was no point. His rigidity came in measures of silence and disdain, shirking Leia’s name for his own greater good. A greater good that he would find, but only without the tight grip of family, the hold of power they kept over him. He was their son, of their blood, but Ben Solo was not theirs. He was not theirs to control, to taint or to typecast. But those who knew him, had been made to spend time in his presence, thought differently. An animal in need of muzzling, a boy had whispered one year, the insult a final curr on Ben’s unfortunate state of being. Dark--broken--volatile. Unwanted-- House Organa… black sheep. Well. That was to stop immediately. Ben didn't mind getting a bit of blood on his hands for the preservation of his sanity; no, rather he came to find that he quite admired the slick spray of red droplets on an otherwise pristine surface, the ease in which it clung to pale flesh and stained him through... What he minded was condescension, the ever-present sense of failure that weighed on his shoulders, infinitely. Even in return to his mother, Ben knew Leia only ever saw half of him… the weak half, the undesirable, unfortunate little Ben Organa. And that legacy, that troubled, angst-ridden child, was a heritage he could never fully escape. Through pain, I gain knowledge… through knowledge, power… Ben repeats the words as though they are a mantra, his hand clenching tight about a length of beads curling over his fist, the disfigured cross affixed to the end made as a symbolic testament to his own uncertainties. Death absolves me. My existence is a mere stepping point. “I feel absurd,” Armitage murmurs, turning slightly on his heel, the worn hem of his dress slightly too high, grey ruffles pinched in an indelicate manner, unsettled over his waist and the brittle hoops of his figure. His collar is lower than usual, a frustration he’d made to cover up with the shield of his veil, a steel color lining the pallor of his expression, his bloodless cheeks and bitten lips. Dopheld’s hand is steady against the small of his back-- or as steady as it could possibly be-- and his expression mirrors admiration, if nothing else. “I find you perfect,” his new husband says, that timid voice carrying with an insecurity, obviously desiring more than this arrangement. Whereas Tarkin had been content to fuck Armitage and then leave him to clean himself up and resettle, Dopheld is affectionate, needing constant attention and validation for his efforts. While it had been rather sweet at one point, Hux feels smothered. There is a difference between worship and devotion, though he had not seen it before. Now he finds the shift more drastic than ever… and more demeaning. “What time are we to depart?” “Soon,” Mitaka answers him. “W-when you think best, Armitage. Sorry.” And there was that, that soft stammer, the tendency to tremble when Hux deigned to express his discomfort or dislike of something… infuriating. Asinine. Dopheld was scared of him, perhaps even terrified, though Hux could hardly understand why. After all, is he not exactly the same as he always was? Perhaps he knows, Hux’s head echoes, jovial. Perhaps he knows you no longer desire him. “My intelligent husband,” Armitage says, then, pinching the man’s cheeks. Even if the action is only driven from a need to keep Dopheld pliant, the pink that rises to his cheeks is quite exquisite. “So considerate of my feelings, Dopheld. Would you retrieve my coat for me? Please?” He bends down, slight, touching his lips to the other’s and smiling into the half-kiss, fond. If it is fake it is unimportant; why dwell on the inevitable, of course? “Yes. Certainly-- I’ll be at the door, love.” Armitage pauses a moment before the mirror, turning to his side with a hand laid across his slim waist, trailing over the line of his bodice. He feels more delicate, now. Softer, though in a manner that only spurns his excitement. The light shade of the fabric paints him in a light far more regal than his black garments of before, gentle, subtle-- made in the image of sainthood. Perhaps, if he is lucky, he’ll draw eyes tonight. He has so looked forward to meeting Ben. Faint. The canvas is as colorless as it always is, lines of figures against a backdrop of a grey room, lavishly decorated in a manner which Ben has no care for. His mother’s tastes seem out of decorum, far past extravagance, though perhaps it is merely her heritage which has thrust this image upon everyone. Though, Ben supposes it is an opinion without value, now. He is already disgusted by the monotony of these events, held with no form or reason other than the entertainment of politics. Politics, the practice Ben detests with everything that he is-- pride, sanity, dignity. I would be better leaving this ruckus early, if only so as not to further ‘disgrace’ myself around dignitaries. He muses, and the hand cupping a delicate glass between thick, calloused fingers tenses, hold ever tighter. Ben has felt out of his element since he came downstairs earlier that evening; the sea of faces both unrecognizable and familiar a disservice to his already crippling antisocial persona. Yet his mind seems incapable of flitting to other thoughts; no, he is made to focus, to dwell on this crowded room and the revolting, vile creatures that surround him. He half slouches against the wall, the glass wobbling in his hand while his eyes meet the floor, plagued. The only relief he is given comes through the muted sound of his own blood rushing in his head, the thump-thump of his heart, the splitting echo of bone clipped in full and wrenched open… A corpse, littered with the blows drawn by a slim silver blade, fingers slid inside the shorn skin to explore. Blood, seeping out around them and coating him in a mess of internal fluids, the subtle squish of guts as they parted around his hand to make room. Accommodating-- he adored it much in the way he might have adored sex, were it given freely. Likewise, his best contact so far had been with a mutilated corpse. Rey was his first, so lovely when silhouetted in faint white hues, her brown hair messy and eyes glazed over in eternal slumber. Even with that, her mouth had been warm and wet, her body willing and so bare, striped with marred flesh and blood, allowing him to take as he wished. She’d watched him through it, her hands braced in between them, emphasizing just how tiny she was made, her figure that of a doll or a princess of lore. Ben-- no, Kylo, Kylo-- had clutched her tight to him while he’d fucked her, the blood coating his body the best gift he had been offered for over a decade. “You appear to be out of place.” Ben’s eyes shoot up, his brow furrowed, hands tense. Before him stands a figure; near as tall as he is, but slight, narrowly built with such pale skin he’s certain even touching would cause them to bruise. Their slender form is outfitted in a grey dress, ruffles of chiffon and sleeves trimmed in satin, the finery of bourgeois. “Perhaps.” Ben grits his teeth so as not to snap. “Though I would imagine you should feel quite comfortable.” “Rather the opposite.” Their voice is somewhere between masculine and feminine, airy enough to pass either way, though the hold of their shoulders and domineering stride certainly affirms they are not meek, not by a stretch of any imagination. Behind the long veil over their face, Ben thinks he can make out pale skin, fiery locks that blaze similar to a flame. He wonders whether their blood is of the same shade, wonderfully alight with red. “Who are you?” The laugh is entirely surprising. “I’ve had too many names, Ben,” they continue, their voice bestowing a familiarity of knowledge. It seems ostentatious… odd. “Perhaps you would refer to me as Dopheld Mitaka’s wife-- perhaps the grieving Lady Tarkin. Perhaps, before that, a former child of a disgraced figurehead. Or perhaps you would see fit to address me as Armitage, should you desire such a relationship. I’ve been told I’m quite amenable.” “Armitage?” Ben questioned. “An odd name, wouldn’t you say? Particularly for an honest British woman.” The woman laughs again, her head tilting back in a method likely meant to be endearing. The line of her pale throat is clearly visible against her collar, a slim sternum and a gentle slope of shoulder. Ben’s palms seem too warm, now, his head too light. “I am certainly not honest, Ben. For that matter, I daresay there isn’t a guileless thing about me.” A well-groomed hand, adorned with rings, is extended toward him, paused in wait. “Well?” “I am not your inferior,” Ben sneers, perturbed. “If you have any sense of position at all, you would return to your husband. If you think yourself anything more than a whore, I have no desire of you.” “Well. The beast does have teeth.” Armitage seems oddly pleased, snatching her hand back and holding it at her side. “A jaw in need of muzzling, Ben. Would you enjoy that?” “Who are you?” Ben interrogates again, disbelieving. Armitage drapes an arm over his shoulder, slides it partway across his back, pulling him in until the cover of her veil graces his ear. “Don’t you see it, dear? I am like you. You, but better-- you, but silent.” It strikes him; grieving widow, former child. Him, but silent, him and yet-- Wicked. “How?” “Would you like to find out?” Armitage asks him, breathless, leaning forward into the now free embrace of Ben’s body, crowding him and holding tight. “Nothing is free of charge, Ben. I find you quite… fascinating. Perhaps we could come to an agreement…?” Their body is frail, even skeletal once against him, and without the telltale curves of rounded breasts, the supple texture that usually comes with a woman’s form. And yet Ben can feel nothing between their legs, either, not like this; they are abnormal in every way he can fathom, and he wants nothing more than to brush that veil back, see their being free of accoutrements. Ben tilts his head, his cheek rubbing their jaw with only a slight window of fabric in between, heady. Opening his mouth, he licks his lips, once. He has no experience with sex, with romance, but he has plenty of experience with murder. It’s a compulsion Armitage seems privy to as well; he moans. “I fucked them, in the wound. I fucked them, felt them shift and stretch open for me. The blood was so… so warm. It made me feel… like nothing else.” Armitage shudders, fingers touching against his throat. “Some call me Kylo Ren.” There’s no sound, no movement, then; not even a gasp of surprise, or a winding terror that Kylo has come to expect from anyone who knows him by name. No, there is a pause, a hand tugging on his hair, and then-- A wheeze of laughter. As though he has just made an awful joke, too humoring to be told to anyone else. “And you critique my name?” They choke out, patting his shoulder and sinking nails into his coat, a vicelike grip against his broadness. “We will work on that, Lord Ren. Perhaps… soon, if you seem so inclined.” “Inclined to what, my lady?” “To a lesson in discipline.” And they step back, the shiver in Ren’s shoulders betraying his innermost thoughts; Armitage was warm, unfamiliar and yet so, so horrid, so disturbed that Ren could feel the tension of mania clinging to their skin. Their veil falls into place, again, a hand sliding up to unpin the red curls done up in a knot, pressing their dress back into place… And then they walk away. Ben seemed so unfortunately inexperienced, as though he were almost incapable of processing even their interaction beforehand. It was rudimentary, to say the least, and somehow chaste; the slightly-crooked curve of his jaw flinching in response to Hux’s proximity, his eyelashes fluttering across those pitch orbs, the unsated bloodlust strong within his movements. The man touched like a killer too, with his hands tight around each of Hux’s slight biceps, pressing him back against the inside of a door and rutting over his waist. He was feral, uncouth-- like an animal in need of training. Hux would have loved to get a muzzle inside that warm mouth of his, tighten it over his jaw to keep him still, but… he had other plans for his lips, his wet tongue, the offensive thing. “Lie on the bed,” Hux snapped at him, and as Ben offered him only a raised eyebrow, he flicked the man’s shoulder, sudden. “ Go.” And he does; stumbling when Hux rests a hand on his chest, right across the place where his still-beating heart hides inside layers of smooth flesh. Ben doesn’t protest as he’s shoved in a little abrupt push back to the bed, the red-haired man sliding atop him, straddling his waist and sinking forward to crush their lips together in a battle of lust. Armitage is far more skilled than Ben is, certainly, and he nips, suckles, claims without abandon, pressing his tongue deep inside Ben’s moist cavern and spreading his thighs further, the hem of his sheer thick tights catching against Ben’s trousers. Hands have fisted in his ginger hair, tugging roughly into each little thrust of Hux’s hips, the smash as they hit Ben’s suddenly. Ben laughs. “Are you a man?” “Perhaps,” Hux isn’t sure what he is, not really. “Do you care?” “No. You’re insanity.” And then Ben’s hands are being pinned high above his head, Hux tugging loose the ribbon about his waist (grey, like the rest of it) and jerking the tie into a firm knot about the man’s wrists. Ben writhes, canting his hips forward, shoving a leg up between Hux’s parted thighs as though he believes he still has any sort of control. Hux smirks. “Good boys are patient, Ben. You’ll work on me first.” His hoops is the first to go, followed by the removal of the accentuating dress, the fabric folded primly at each corner before Hux sets it down at the edge of the mattress, smoothing over his front. His corset today is white-- white and silver, adorned with paisley, a lace trim holding the back together aside the lacing. His stockings, too, are grey, clipped to a pair of half-briefs that glow silver, a shimmering material that Ren eyes eagerly. Hux’s cock was tucked, before, with the use of restrictive materials, but it is only a moment for him to pull it free now, thumb striping over the head in excitement. “Mm, Kylo.” Ben’s head jerks up, chin lifting at the name. “You enjoy that, Ren? Me calling out to the killer in you? Excited, all soaked for you, wishing for nothing more than your hands on me, your cock sliding inside my tight hole? I should imagine it’s similar to fucking a wound, though less subsuming. Didn’t she have maggots? Was she festering?” Hux pulls himself up, straddling over Ren’s face, a knee beside his head, grinding himself back onto the man’s large nose. “I’m going to sit, now. Right on that godawful face of yours, Ren. Going to ride you while you tongue me, deep and thorough, until I’m leaking. And then I’m going to come-- perhaps in that soft hair of yours, perhaps on your cheeks, watch it dribble over your chin. Maybe I’ll cut my mark into you, so you know exactly who you belong to.” And Hux pressed down. Kylo’s moan of frustration is muffled into the crease of Hux’s rear, his nose edged into the crack as he struggles for a moment, heaving breaths of primitive disgust while tears prick his eyes. And then, uncertain, his tongue flicks out to lave a stripe along the puckered muscle, Hux’s ass twitching eagerly, desperate to clench around something. He tugs on Ren’s hair, gathering black locks in his fingers and yanking, and Ren gasps, mouth wide open and tongue sliding in deep-- “Oh-!” The noise seems enough reward for Kylo to grow excited, leaning up and dipping his tongue back inside, drawing over the contracting walls of Armitage’s most intimate place, attempting to gauge what will draw out more of those melodic moans. Armitage is shifting, sliding forward and rutting back against his mouth eagerly, thighs clamping like a vice on either side of his skull. Both hands slip behind himself, pulling apart his cheeks and exposing his hole, open and wet and needy, a trait Kylo observes with mirth. “You want something more,” he says. “Do you want me, Armitage? A cock buried deep inside, pushing into your most sensitive area? Fucking you deep, opening you… I’d do it raw. Take you raw, slick myself up with your blood as I fucked in and out of you. You’re beautiful-- too beautiful, by the blood--!” “ Ren.” Hux sighs, breathless. “Oh, Ren, I should smother you for speaking to me like that. You filthy slut, a heathen in the most insatiate of ways. Depraved, looking for something to fuck, yet inept enough you have to make your own hole. Couldn’t figure it out otherwise, you brute? Or perhaps you’d prefer it the other way.” Hux bears down, grinding over those plump lips, Kylo’s teeth nipping at the edges of his stretched entrance, pulling. “Nngh-- like that? You would, I suppose. I see it now, so clearly-- you need something to fill you. Perhaps you’d enjoy being opened. I’d impale you on my fingers, first, gentle-- you’re clearly a virgin. You might be so tight you could hardly take the first. But I would take my time… stretch you out, press at your sweet spot. I’d stroke it--” Kylo’s tongue is hot, so deep, ravishing Hux’s own prostate and sending off flashes behind his eyelids. Silver sparks and bright lights, his mind faltering in pure bliss-- “-- rapidly, wouldn’t stop. You’d be so overstimulated you might beg me to give you my cock. Me, a woman, for all I’m worth. And I might indulge you. I’d like seeing that pretty hole slide open around me. You’d moan, Ren, like a bitch, squirm on me. My teeth would spread marks all down that pretty neck, claw at your sides, mark you as my own. You’d have it, then, the mark of a witch, a black widow’s bite. And perhaps I’d drink my fill, take your blood straight from that pretty, thick neck of yours, pump you full of venom instead. You depraved little whore, filthy murderer--” And Hux tenses, clenching up and pulling back, tugging his underwear far enough out of the way that he can spend himself across Ren’s face. His lips, his cheeks, his eyes, those thick eyelashes dripping with his cum, white pearls over tanned skin. Ren surges forward, his teeth biting at Hux’s thigh, desperate. He’s so undone, so undone he’s grown uncontrollable, even with his hands bound in the way they are. He’s pressing Hux down, flat on his back, mouth open and hissing. “You think yourself more intelligent, more civilized, Armitage? You’re worthless. Sick in the head. A brat who wants to be marked up and drawn into their own demise. You may be poison, but I am chaos, I am rage, I’ll tear out your guts and hang them over your neck, and once I’m done I’ll impale your corpse on my cock, my hands still wrapped around your tiny neck, your pasty skin gone rotten with death. I’ll cut you up, consume you, one piece at a time, if only to have you inside me always. You think yourself evil? I am your nightmare, you bastard--” And Hux’s hands are wrapped around Ren’s neck, tight, when the younger begins clawing marks into his arms, his cock a solid weight on Hux’s leg. He’s not even been touched and yet he’s sticky with cum, and Hux merely has to trace a hand down his spine, over his virgin entrance and the head of his cock, before Ren is painting him, enough seed to make a canvas, all spread across him like makeup. Kylo has shorn the inside of Hux’s wrists red with blood, scarlet and alizarin stains dripping from his soft skin, and Kylo is sucking at it, lapping it up on his needy tongue, excitable and reeling from the contact. Hux bites his neck, harsh, his heel pressed into Ren’s waist and forcing him to his stomach, stroking his flesh as one would a pet. “I like that about you,” Hux’s voice flutters, caught in his windpipe. “I like that you’re as sick as I am. You would follow me, wouldn’t you? We could kill them all, everyone in Britain. I’d keep their skulls and give you the flesh, we could gorge ourselves on their insides every night… perverted, Ren, you and I. Think of what it would be like, together! Killing together, me at your side. You could fuck me over their corpse, strip me apart while I cut you up. We’d share them, too, take turns with their lovely, frigid flesh. Love. Love--” “No,” Kylo says, then, dropping further. His arms catch Armitage around the waist, stretch out along the side of the lithe, bony figure beside him, a finger idly trailing along the crease of Hux’s hip, over the edge of his corset. He grins, then, mocking; not subtle in his disdain for the ginger, nor overt in his lust, made real from their previous activity. “No.” Kylo repeats, and Armitage tenses, his back arching as the nobleman pulls himself up, hovers over the dolled-up figure, grinning maniacally. “I’d show you, Armitage. I would. Show you how. How to ravish the corpse and relish it and make use of it. You’re only good for tricking men, not for slaughter. But I would teach you.” “Mm…” Hux licks his lips, sighs pleasantly, leg tangling behind Ren’s calf. “And what if I have better ways of spending my time?” “You won’t,” the raven-haired monster answers him, minding Hux’s head and brushing over the long, red locks cascading over his frail shoulders. “Trust me. You won’t.” Notes: chapter 4 should be up tomorrow if my editing pans out well. Chapter 4 Notes: once again we see how fucked up I can make a fic! tw for gore and cannibalism mentions. also dismembering a body and more abusive relationships (as well as hints of a previous healthy one omg!) Fourth. Finn’s body is aching when he wakes, curled in on the broken-spring mat that had sufficed as a “bed” for the past year. It wasn’t an unusual feeling, to wake on a morning both dismal and grueling, watch the grey sky shadow the long-desired light… but now, this morning, something pulses abnormally in his gut. It’s a flare of trepidation that he can’t seem to put a name to. Perhaps, he considers, it was the dream… his fantasy versus the agonizing reality he is doomed to face in daytime. Waking had always left him cold, the droplets of sweat beading on his brow providing a bone-deep frigidness, the thin coverlet draped across his body a scarce protection from the surrounding room. The echo of snoring from the wall adjacent to Finn’s head seemed more an anchor than anything, a steadfast reminder of his presence in the living world. The imprint of a hand on his neck, from a force he cannot name, says otherwise. It has left Finn with a deep-rooted horror, uncertainty rooting from the inevitable promise of his death. Too soon, he thinks of bloody droplets lining bedsheets, he thinks of flickering blue eyes devoid of life entirely, he hurts with the visceral image of everything lost. Brown hair, gentle locks, smooth skin and the curve of a shoulder. A head leaning against his chest… an arm over his waist. Both of them, taken, taken too soon, I shan’t have it back, can no longer find them, Gods, it hurts. When he takes his time to gather the usual supplies, sodden rags and a basin and heavy brush, from the closet, his hands tremble; Finn has never felt so out-of-control of his own body, as though it were both his suppression of trauma and unwanted conditioning that were beginning to unravel at the seams. Perhaps, however, it is merely him-- accursed, beyond the point of tranquility. “You seem unwell.” The clipped tone of a polished accent behind him catches Finn’s attention; he hunches forward over the basin, not replying for as long as he can keep quiet. Then, slowly, “I was going to fetch some water, m--” “ Unwell,” Hux says again, feet light as they pad across the floor. He slumps into a chair, inelegantly, the dark circles marring the porcelain skin beneath his eyes seems a testament to his own restlessness. “Sit.” Finn pauses, shakes his head; he doesn’t have a say, however. A hand clamps tight around his wrist, tugs him down into the seat beside Hux so fast the weighted brush nearly slides from his grasp. “Have you ever hated, Finn?” “I wouldn’t--” Finn shrugs his shoulders, not expecting the question. He shifts for a moment, Hux’s hand drawing circles over the inside of his wrist. “I am uncertain,” he starts again, soft, “if what I feel would constitute as hate. Loathing, perhaps-- not as strong. I suppose I wouldn’t see the point in hatred, not when I am also at fault for…” Hux purses his lips, a habit done out of consideration. He is pleased with the answer, strangely enough; Finn can see it in his eyes, the relaxation of his posture as he settles, slightly. “I hate my father,” he says, red-gold hair obscuring his face. “I do, Finn, with every ounce of my being, myself in entirety. I hate him.” He frowns. “For some reason I never hated Tarkin. Nor you-- perhaps… perhaps I see something in you.” Armitage laughs half to himself, seemingly amused with whatever sort of thought he'd conjured. “Yes, I think that must be it. You remind me of myself, as I might’ve been, once. Passionate. Glowing.” Hux runs his hand over the line of Finn’s shirt, past his collar to his waist. Those fingertips are ice dipped in venom, sure to split the younger man apart should Hux feel slighted at all. Finn knows him too well-- the darkness burrowed under his skin, the deceiver. He allows his lips to twitch up into a half-smile, stiff. “You should be more mindful of your position. It’s rather easy for one to lose their innocence, isn’t it? Their faith in our species.” Hux continues, as he kisses Finn’s cheek, lip dragging across the bone of his jaw, a huffed chuckle. “If I were him, I would’ve had you broken, would’ve cut you up and rendered you unwhole, a mass of blood and flesh. But I’m not him, you understand? I never have been. I'm civilized, not a mindless beast with the control of a child. And I do this because I care, dear .” The oddness of the situation is not lost on the servant, and he flinches as Hux draws out of his chair, Finn’s cheek coated by the vile texture of ruined makeup and an icy kiss. Hux’s dress is ripped in places which he cannot hide, the silver-sheen lace clumsily torn at, linen stretched far beyond what it should be; his arms, now, are half-lined with blood, and he’s grinning, pulled close to himself. He is a picture of madness. “You’ll find no need to worry about Mitaka today,” Hux says, as though reading his thoughts. “Though I considered making my way into town, if you feel up to indulging me.” He huffs, drawing hands over the bodice of his white-gold regalia, as though believing he could smooth out the clearly ruined fabric. “Be prompt with an answer, dear.” “I-- yes.” Finn blinks once, flicking his tongue about his lips in an apparent temptation to speak more. It is only once Hux has turned, his back turned toward the servant, that he finds himself capable of words. “Why do you do it?” He asks. “Why do you use them?” “Why do you ask?” Hux questions, not budging. “Because it isn’t right. Morally-- I… I don’t know much of morals, ‘course, but it doesn’t… seem. Appropriate, sir. How you can so casually talk about killing someone, how you can do it without flinching. I never understood. Is it in your head? Are you simply past caring? Does it… does it make you feel good?” The last inquiry sits in his throat, heavy like a stone plugging his airway, an impossibility. To find killing an amusement is disgusting; and yes, Finn has hurt people. He’s traded blows, he’s fought back, defended himself, but he’d never done this. Not the type of cold-blooded hedonism that Armitage used, nor the unseemly brutality of Ren. It makes his fingers twitch, his shoulders tighten. Not for the first time, he misses Rey. “Armitage?” He asked again, sudden. “My father taught me that I should use whatever means I could to make something of myself. That even if I was weak, stupid and worthless, if it came down to it I needed to use whatever I could to keep myself on top. Is that moral? Most likely not, and yet from my viewpoint… I am only doing as I was taught, Finn. So I suppose it’s all a matter of perspective, isn’t it?” “It doesn’t justify murder.” Finn snapped. Hux grins, tilting his head back to stare at the boy, drill into his frame with the animosity of his being. “Dear boy, who said I wanted to justify anything?” A fortnight after the day on which which Dopheld Mitaka died, Ben Solo pulls himself out of bed to an empty space beside him, still faintly warm and heavy with the musk of sexual misconduct. His chest is marred by lines drawn through terse pale flesh, head aching something awful and spinning, an overwhelming compulsion to hurt crawling along the inside of his spine. A door clicks open from across the room, adjacent to his bed; the first sight the man was greeted with appeared as tangled locks of bright red hair, draped across narrow shoulders shrouded purely with a thin, black cotton. The fabric is wrapped loosely over Armitage’s frame, though pulled in by a cinched bodice laid-over with silver clasps down the center. “Rest well, dear?” The maniacal hint of laughter in his newfound partner’s voice rang true, a testament to their own depravity as Armitage leans over, setting a cup filled with a rather potent substance down atop the end table. He doesn’t deign to pass a single glance in Ren’s direction. The ginger’s spine is stiff, posture rigid enough that when Kylo trails fingers over the sensual curve of his waist, he trembles, arching forward on instinct. “I truly imagined you made a habit of disappearing from your lover’s home when day came.” “Well, Ren, if you must know, I often do. It isn’t generally possible for a man to hold my attention more than a few weeks, months if I decide they’re of value. But then, I don’t generally fetch a glass to drink blood with many, either,” Hux nods toward the filled cup, mirthful. “Go on, won’t you? I thought you might enjoy a gift.” Then, as if beckoning, Armitage slides onto the mattress, propped forward only by his crooked elbows, bent at the waist and observant. Kylo reaches out, plucks the glass from the table; the crafted material is weightless in his hand, slight enough that he could break it by twisting his fingers indelicately. Though, of course, he had once thought the same of Armitage, this blood-haired witch who knew how to play people as one might play chips. Appearing to have read his thoughts, Hux pulls his legs up, at the knee, spreads them over the bed’s edge, inviting and meant to tease. Kylo lifts the glass to his lips, paused until Hux purses his cheeks. Then, deviously, he stretches out one long leg, foot curled up tight against the fabric covering Ren’s crotch, a soft bulge beginning to tingle under the adept push of his sole. “Drink up, Ren. I want you to fuck me once the blood is dripping from your lips, smearing your chin like some dirty animal.” Kylo pauses with his lips across the sparkling rim; he watches Hux, the languid picture of indulgence spread out across the mattress. He’s a whore, certainly; someone who should be revolting, a skinny, manipulative murderess, glad to use anyone who bats an eye at him. “What a depraved little thing you are,” Kylo says, smirking. “Longing for someone to fill you, deep and heavy, pump you up with their fluids, paint blood across your skin. Do you enjoy this, Armitage? Being a savage in civilized clothing?” The glass is being tipped then, not by his doing; Hux has flown from his position, pressed forward and knocking Kylo back. His hand is on the man’s thick neck, yanking on those matted raven locks as he presses the goblet up, the bitter iron of blood filling his mouth. Kylo is practically choking on the sudden movement, gulping blood around air and swallowing too rapid, too fast. His throat burns, chest heaving with the effort as he wrenches Armitage’s brittle wrist , wrestles him down halfway onto the bed, anything resembling manner forgotten as he pins the other down. He’s a force of loathing, a witch, sinking teeth and nails into Kylo’s skin already, so hard it burns, and his blood is set alight with fire. He doesn’t bother with preparing Armitage; it is the last thing he deserves, with his haughtiness, his defiance, the snub of his nose and upturned chin. Kylo shoves two fingers into him, unceremonious, forces a third in alongside. The skin of his tight hole tears, dribbling with the sweet, sweet force of Hux’s blood. Kylo wonders if it’s red, if it’s normal at all; he thinks perhaps it is tar, the pitch-noir of the Devil’s servants. Hux wails, and hikes his legs up, spreads himself wider. He wasn’t wearing underclothes, his genitalia and loosened hole on display for anyone wishing to slide themselves beneath his skirt. Kylo crooks his fingers; the scream Hux makes is more delicious than any he’s ever heard. It’s a primal cry, pleasure incarnate. Even Rey hadn’t the chance to make such melodic noises, when they had coupled. “You repulse me,” Hux hisses at him, but even then he is scratching at Ren’s back, legs around his body in a vice-hold, crying so beautifully at each push and pull of Ren’s fingers inside his fluttering hole. “ Ungh, Ren. I wish-- kill. We could kill them all… rip out their innards and feast. Dance nude in the light of the moon, drenched in their blood. S-so… impossibly beautiful.” Kylo is all too aware now, too aware of the void within Hux, a violent, clawing thing, demanding constant sacrifice. He’s little more than a monster with a pretty face, something made for greed and betrayal. And Kylo is enticed. He’s being turned, harsh, Armitage still riding his fingers, fucking himself on them as if he can hardly get enough. There’s something being pushed deep into Kylo’s chest, slid through his skin, and momentarily he thinks to scream-- but no. No, they are pins, pins tucked inside that sleek corset, making him a voodoo doll, a plaything for the damned. Ren arches, gripping at Hux’s shoulder, watching as another pierces his skin, through one side and out the other; Hux’s fluids are painting his chest in stripes, a lovely paint on the canvas of his abdomen, and then he is sinking, falling atop Kylo with his face pressed against a collarbone, sated. “I enjoy our games, Ren,” Hux whispers. “This is… sanguine.” He slides up, bracketing Kylo’s hips with his own, brittle limbs shifting without focus when he presses back to tease the head of Kylo’s cock over his ass. Eyes tightly shuttered and hair matted, blood soaking his pretty hands, Armitage grins a devious grin, sinks back onto him in a fluid movement-- and oh, he's still open, an eager, spread flower, wet and warm inside as he clutches around Kylo’s cock, quivers with the sudden jolt of his prostate being hit… “Do you… do you need me, pet?” Hux breathes at last, deafening. “You do, you filthy animal. You know--” “Please,” Kylo cries and his face contort in an expression of pleasure, everything he cannot seem to vocalize. “Please, Armitage, I-I…” “Shh, Ren. You'll be quite well. I take good care of my toys.” Through Kylo’s experience of knives, blood and steady hands, it has quickly become quite obvious that Armitage has never dismembered a body before. His grip seems unsteady on the large cleaver, delicate fingers wrapping swift and tight about the handle, though they’d gone white-knuckled and tense. Kylo’s arm encircles the ginger’s shoulders, grasping tight on his wrist and adding momentum to each precise thwack Hux makes into the human arm lying dead on the counter. Armitage’s breath is heavy, coming in soft gasps that could’ve been reminiscent to something heard in a brothel-- Kylo has never heard anything sweeter. He is bent forward, enough that his naked lower body presses flush to the slimness of Armitage’s hips, the curve of his pretty ass, covered by a thin pair of torn knickers, stripes of well-bitten pale cheeks silhouetted beneath the fabric. Kylo moves a hand lower, palms at the swell of Hux’s most intimate body part; he watches his pretty thing whine, hissing and shifting backward, bending over just a tad more as those dainty hands slide slick with blood, fingers sinking into cleaved flesh. “Is this what it feels like… love?” Kylo questions, kissing Armitage’s freckled shoulder, pressing a thumb into a mottled bruise. Hux doesn’t answer; instead he moans again, continuous, opening his legs and licking blood off of his own digits. His hair is done in a single, plaited braid down the center of his back, all rose-gold and silken. It is nothing like that hideous pale-brown hair, dark and straight and straw-like, that their victim wore as some sort of asset. As though she were an asset, rather than a whore-- “You seem to assume I know what love feels like, Ren,” Armitage comments, endearing, and he flips himself over to watch Kylo, counter’s edge digging into the small of his lower back, biting a plush pink lip until it splits. His hips buck forward, thighs coming to hook around Kylo’s waist as arms hoist him up onto the counter alongside the corpse. A tingle of excitement erupts from the killer’s center, spiraling out through his limbs, desperate to consume; how long has it been, since they’d first laid eyes on each other? “I tire of men so easily,” Armitage admits, then, kissing Kylo and sinking his teeth into his rosebud mouth, crushing their tongues together in an even display of dominance. When he pulls back for air, his cheeks are rouged, absolutely wanton. Breathless, Kylo shoves him back by the shoulders, watches Armitage’s weak little figure hit the cabinet, crashing loud. “But not me,” he says, then. “Not me, because I’m not like other men. I’ll ruin you. Your head, your heart, your sweet little hole.” Kylo snaps the banding of the undergarments, grinning when Hux yelps. “All of you belongs to me, Armitage. Nobody else would satisfy you. Nobody else knows you long for the taste of human flesh, the feel of a corpse hugging your pathetic cock, your need for chaos. So deprived, you’ve been, doll.” “Yes,” Armitage tells him, and reaches back to press his own blood slick fingers along his crease. “I want you inside, Ren. Inside, outside-- I would wear your flesh like a coat.” Kylo roughly jerks on Hux’s wrist, manhandles him until his legs are up and thrown over his shoulders, unceremoniously jamming two fingers deep into that pink clutch, shifting. Hux cries out and Kylo pulls the corpse’s rotting hand up, pushes it between the older’s lips. “You need a real man to show you what passion is. Not like those wraiths you had before, half-human and less than useful. I can fuck it out of you, their disappointment… fill you with my seed, fill you so much you’ll only remember me.” Armitage sinks teeth into a half-stripped finger, bone smashing against bone once the remains press fully past the barrier of his teeth. He groans around them, eyelashes fluttering, staring Kylo down as though drilling a hole in his skull. It is only once Kylo moves away that he manages to spit out, “No--” and then, “after our treat.” Their treat, of course, is blood pudding, a bone meal ground down from a large skeleton, the finery of which Gods may feast on yet are denied to man. Armitage licks his lips, hungrily; Kylo finds he quite enjoys the cling of blood across his cheeks. He looks like a maiden disturbed, possessed by bloodlust; Kylo hefts him back into his arms and Armitage laughs, kicks his feet out, aimless. “Do you fancy eating men, Armitage?” “The same could be said of you, Ren,” a soft, compliant voice answered, taunting. “Though I rather fancy you eating me above all else.” Vulgarity. How suiting. “I should think this a celebration for us both.” His teeth graze the juncture of Hux’s neck, a soft white expanse, longing to sink deep and relish. Hux brings a hand to his mouth, laps crusted and wet blood off his ice skin, pushes a finger into Ren’s mouth as he leans aside once more. He finds the cleaver, once more a solid weight in his hands, teases it to the serial killer’s side with a simple sigh. “Something more delicate would be appreciated,” he continues. “I want to cut you, Ren, practice my lines-- from that pretty collarbone down to your navel, straight-edged like a line. I’d do it while you take me, while my stomach is already heavy and full from all the bones you’ve forced down my throat.” “Nothing sounds more wonderful,” Kylo smirks. “Nothing could be more terrible than you, my dear.” “Have I ever told you the story about my traitor?” Kylo asks, pinching at the rubbed-raw skin of Hux’s backside, reveling in the shiver gifted to him as his cold hand meets the stinging flesh. His mind is still fuzzy, swarming with a bloodlust that sings in his veins as he remembers the dismembered body downstairs, the blood still spread over Hux’s stretched hole, down his legs. Hux scoffs, loud, clearing his throat once he turns his face to Kylo . He smirks, the look more befitting of a narcissist than a partner, and quirks his head, nuzzling his body back into Kylo’s. “You seem to think you tell me a lot, Ren. Unfortunately, I seem to be absent for these conversations.” The ginger flicks at his cheek, then, abrupt, dragging a single finger down over his lip and letting it catch in the pout of Ren’s mouth. “I suppose that isn’t a shock,” Kylo bites his lip, head jerking away from Armitage’s sickly sweet touch, honing in on those strangely colored eyes, now distantly blue like ice. “Though I supposed that you might have known this story. It would be within your realm of… experience.” “Mm…” Armitage purses his lips, curling around Kylo with a firm pair of arms, bony as they might be. His chest is warm, bubbling with a mirth that he assumes might be comparable with a high from medicine. “Is it a romantic story?” “Perhaps,” Kylo says when he sighs, tangling fingers in soft, ginger locks. “I did love him first, after all.” And it was true-- he had loved him, once. Poe Dameron, with his smouldering firelight eyes, his smooth-talking method of attraction, a uniquely appealing quality all its own. Before Rey, even, he supposed, though Rey had remained his fascination for years, the servant girl with the sharp tongue and the inherent power in her voice… Neither, then, had been scared of him. Neither, and yet it was Poe who had ended up crossing him, who had fraternized with a dark-skinned servant, kept him out of Ben’s reach, ushered him away without an end to his contract. A mere F and N scrawled on his form in place of a name, in Dameron’s writing nonetheless, and he’d been lost forever to Ben. The witness, the only one who had the gall to curse his name, call him a murderer-- “Perhaps another time,” Kylo speaks, then, biting his own tongue. “My mind is elsewhere.”