Prologue "They are children playing in the stars. They will come through many wars. She, a ray of shining light, She, a beacon burning bright. He, a shadow stretching tall, He, the void of space that cannot fall." Rhymed sounds and scents embed themselves deeper in humanoid memory, than sight itself. The little girl from Ben Solo's memory still sings the old Jedi nursery-game rhyme , when he/ Kylo Ren, is at that point that directly divides dreaming and waking. It would annoy him, being yet another mysterious, forgotten relic of the old Jedi-age, but even as a child, the few words that remained known of the chant, or canto, lulluby, or whatever it had originally been, she had still managed to get wrong. When he'd corrected her, she'd insisted, out of pure stubbornness, that she liked her own version of it better. More properly, "he/and she" were replaced with "Jedi" and "Sith". How she could like a wrong, invented version better than the real, he had asked her, as ever, acting the wise, patient, and proper role model to Skywalker's younger generation of possible Padawaans. "Because my name is Rey," the girl had fibbed, clever enough to come up with a lie on the flash. Always so stubborn. No doubt, she had persevered, never once given up hope, while she waiting on Jakku for those who were never coming back for her. Those, whom he had seen dead. He was also dedicated, profoundly loyal, with unshakable beliefs. He had known he was the strongest Force-user to emerge since his grandfather's time. Kylo Ren had proven that, when he'd destroyed Skywalker's precious foundling 'Jedi' academy. He had strengthened it, when he'd risen to lead other initiates in the Sith Order of the Knights of Ren. No other had done so since the days before the Old Republic, and of course, Snoke was the only other living 'Master' of the Order of Ren. Kylo Ren had not questioned his superiority in the Force, until Jakku. Kylo Ren had felt the awakening in the Force. Then Lieutenant Mitaka had informed him of 'a girl'. He'd underestimated her. Luke Skywalker had been weak. Anyone who could have been her origin was weak, and even if his uncle was her father, Kylo Ren was stronger. He'd hoped to turn her. But the sun had not set on his hopes. They, along with Starkiller, had simply imploded. Now, the echo of her power, the memory of her voice, the touch of her hopes and fears, the sense of her, was within him, and he, Kylo Ren, was properly obsessed. ‘So, the girl has been waiting all these years for someone to come back for her? Well, her wish will finally come true. I will find her,’ he thought, now that he was certain of her power. Even if it meant he had to search the whole galaxy. Kylo Ren, still recovering from his recent loss, did not think it would come to that, however. He touched lightly the scar that had formed of the flesh of his face, savoring the memory of the pain, and how he had borne it. He'd rejected a skin graph. He wanted to remember his failure, so as to not repeat it easily. The minor lightsaber wound had healed cleanly. Lightsabers were clean weapons, and due to the Knight of Ren’s complexion, it would probably fade almost entirely with time. No evidence of his shameful defeat but flesh that was less flexible, more taut, more likely to itch if stretched or stressed, but other than that, certainly nothing ‘monstrous.’ ‘You’re a monster!’ she’d cried, before, in his anger, he’d flung her hard against the trunk a tree ten feet or more up in the air. Kylo Ren smiled at the memory. She’d been quite stupid, to try to reach for a blaster again, after she knew already from Takodana what he could do. ‘If she wants to make me into a monster, let me be a monster, then,’ he thought. Only when he smiled, did the skin pucker at the scar. Didn’t matter; Kylo Ren did not smile often. Few could amuse him, and if hiding an occasional smile became an issue when he eventually found the girl, well; he had a mask, now didn’t he? The girl was with the Resistance, and Resistance terrorists were foolish and reckless. He’d find her soon enough. It didn’t matter if they had the map to Skywalker. Skywalker himself had thought she was dead all these years, so would the old fool be wise or brave enough now to tell the little Scavenger the truth about who she was, now that what she was had become so much more important, what with every other apprentice the man had ever had now dead? Kylo Ren wondered. ‘The last Master, and the last apprentice.’ The thought was adorable to Kylo-Ren. He hadn’t been certain of course, when he’d been informed of an unidentified girl aiding in the escape of FN-2187 aboard a stolen Corellian freighter from the planet of Jakku, but Force-users were trained against notions of coincidence and luck. He had suspected the girl had been Skywalker’s, until he’d captured her on Takondona. There, she’d seemed so, well, ordinary... at first. ‘Ordinary, but a touch too pretty for your average Scavenger.’ Ordinary was boring to Kylo Ren, who’d been born and raised knowing his was never meant to be an ordinary life. And pretty, he knew, could be undone with one stroke, one idle, careless caress of a lightsaber. Pretty was temporary, like youth, and neither were actual accomplishments. Pretty, on one hand, could be re-built, medically restored, even enhanced, and somehow that made ‘pretty’ inconsequential to Kylo Ren. ‘Ordinary’, such as an ordinary life, on the other hand, was not a state one could ever peaceably return to after being thrust into extraordinary events, and having come through such, no being, he knew, went unchanged. So, there was some value to be had, Kylo Ren deigned, in ‘ordinary’ things. And although such things, such people, were of no great fascination to Kylo Ren, he understood their importance, their relative usefulness to him. Sentient beings were generally quite willing to go through great suffering, and even to sacrifice their own lives, to preserve ordinary things. The Rebellion, the Resistance, these movements, they gained more followers from the ‘ordinary’ then they did through any of the so-called ‘great ideas’ they espoused. No one truly died for democracy or freedom, not when it came down to blasters drawn. She, of course, had never been just an ordinary orphaned, or run-of-the-mill abandoned or unwanted child, of which there were hundreds, thousands, millions, beyond trillions, in any decently inhabited system in the galaxy. Letting her think that, however, had planted a hollow darkness within her, a possible place for the Dark-side of the Force to grow in future. ...Only Kylo Ren knew of the one five-year old girl that had survived the cleansing of Skywalker’s other Jedi students. A foolish Ben Solo had always been led to assume the child was his cousin. He’d been weak at the time. He hadn’t been able to bring himself to kill her, or his parents, or his uncle, back when he’d been but fifteen years old, back when Kylo Ren had just managed to take back control of his own future. No, leaving her alive was a mistake, for sure. Not telling his Master at the time, probably even more dangerous still. Still, Kylo Ren knew there was still time could fix his error, now that he was stronger in the Dark Side. Now that Supreme Leader Snoke had finally allowed him to begin the last phase of his training, Kylo Ren would turn the girl, or get rid of her, before anyone realized the great error inherent in his previous omission of her existence. The child was a weakness, but now she was a woman grown, strong in the Force, and realizing her powers... He would make no excuses, show no mercy. When he’d interrogated her on the doomed Starkiller base, she had confirmed his suspicions. Kylo Ren had removed his helmet, partially because he had wanted to see her reaction, to see if his ‘former cousin’ still knew him. Of course, it had all happened so long ago, and she was confused and afraid, but she was exactly the right age, of the right coloring... Funny, no matter how he tried, he couldn’t forget her face. Not at five, and certainly not now, seeing her again, probably twenty, and in most ways, more a grown woman than a girl. Her pretty, murky blue-green eyes were wide with new knowledge of their own insignificance. Her expressive little pink mouth had been quirked into a line of fear. Her breath came in short, hot gasps as she struggled in vain...and every muscle in her lean bronzed body was taut with delicious anticipation, both anger and dread...braced with the will to commit violence. Her resounding loneliness and dissatisfaction had been like a magnet for him, and she was still so small, and had been so light in his arms. ‘Like a child,’ Kylo Ren found himself thinking again, to distraction, for which he cursed himself. She wasn’t a child anymore. The cowardly traitor, FN-2187, wouldn’t have tried to act like a human shield for her, if she’d been still that skinny sexless nothing of a five-year old girl that had begged a young Ben Solo not to leave her, to come back for her. It shouldn’t have bothered him so, but it did. Kylo Ren endured a now-dormant rage over it. Her power, her potential, exceeded everyone’s, even his own at times, in things, that he knew she deserved better, more than anyone but he could possibly ever offer her, even the Supreme Leader. No one else was near a match for her abilities. No one else would accept her for what she was. Anyone else would force her to be less, or try to control her. He would never do that. Also, no one else would ever understand him, not as she could, if she let herself. Turning her would completely reverse the cycle, and would serve as ironic justice. Kylo Ren already believed the old Jedi prophecy of one who would bring balance to the Force had been fulfilled by his grandfather, in the guise of Darth Vader, not Anakin Skywalker. Answering ancient old prophecies was not the point. It had taken a complete probing of her mind to confirm his initial feelings, but in the end, before she pushed him out, he knew she felt it too. She didn't look much like Luke Skywalker, but it wouldn’t matter. Her eyes were bluish, and so were the old Jedi Master’s. It would be enough. When he found her, Kylo Ren would make sure the girl heard the truth. Light-users were always liars, in the end. She could call him a monster all she wanted, but the truth was rarely fair and beautiful, and hardly ever whole. Chapter 2 When the Millennium Falcon begun to slow its descent into the lower atmosphere of the ocean planet that the Resistance’s recovered map had led them to in search for Luke Skywalker, Rey recognized at once the island that had haunted her dreams for years. ‘I have been here before,’ Rey thought, hairs prickling on the back of her neck. The island rose, jutting up from the frothing grey waves, in great black spears of rock. The sky was a shock of nitrogen blue, and the vegetation of the island emitted soundless shrieks in the most vibrant shade of green Rey had ever seen. The horizon beckoned and expanded as the Falcon touched quietly down. Chewbacca growled encouragingly from the co-pilot’s chair and Rey took a deep breath. ‘It’s okay,’ she reassured herself mentally before setting off down the Falcon’s ramp. ‘You can do this.’ Rey’s eye-sight was, at first, overwhelmed by the reckoning of such intense green, that she would have sworn each stem, each blade, each root, screamed the color at her as well. ‘Focus,’ Rey reminded herself. ‘The scanner got a distinctly humanoid-sized life reading just on the top of that ridge over there, up those steps there.’ She set her staff to balance lightly off her shoulder and paused, before beginning the ascent. ‘Look, there’s even a path,’ she assured herself soundlessly, but made no immediate move. She hadn’t wanted to be the one to come to find the last Jedi Master. It still didn’t make sense to her, why she was chosen to come here... It wouldn’t make much sense to anybody else for that matter. It had basically been General Organa’s decision. ...Which was based on what, exactly? The fact that she had arrived at the Resistance base in procession of Luke Skywalker’s lightsaber, maybe? Or that she had defeated a Sith Lord in combat while armed with said lightsaber. Or that said Sith Lord, had said that Rey needed a teacher to instruct her in the ways of the Force. ‘That’s probably why,’ Rey berated herself mundanely. ‘They think you know what you’re doing. Too bad I don’t actually have any idea about anything. Just...feelings. ...Memories...that might not even be my own.’ .................................................................................................................................................... Apparently arriving on the Resistance base with a lightsaber in one’s tool kit, and having no better explanation for the death of Han Solo, and one’s consequent escape from a duel with Sith warrior than the notion said lightsaber was calling to her, recommended Rey to the Resistance as the right person for the job. “But I’m not even a resistance fighter,” Rey had protested to General Organa, after she’d borne the news of Han Solo’s murder at the hands of Kylo Ren to the former Princess of Alderaan. Somehow, when Rey had touched down on that landing strip, after the medics had taken Finn away, and she was just left standing there, totally alone again, and beyond bereft, Rey saw this other woman and Rey just knew. Rey had known somehow that the General had come for confirmation of the news surrounding the events of the death of Han Solo, even though she hadn’t known the woman was the General at the time, or that she was the mother of ‘ Kylo Ren’, or the twin of Luke Skywalker, or, well, any of it. All Rey had known was that she had recognized the cloud of grief surrounding the other woman, despite the kindness and strength that shone still in the older woman’s eyes, and had recognized it as a grief so like her own. The two women had hugged, still strangers. Their pain mingled, and neither could quite cry tears. The loss was still too near, too raw, too immense. It coated the tips of their tongues, filled their mouths and throats, and bore down on their hearts. It was a weight upon their shoulders and a covering over the edges of their minds. It bound them together for a moment in time, closer than blood and allies and friends, or even lovers. Words, tears, laments, none of that would change or lift the feeling, describe, or abate it, or be an aid for it. Rey had found herself mumbling nonsense anyways. All she had been able to say was, “I’m so sorry,” over and over again. “Sorry I couldn’t save him.” Sorry for what, and for saving who, she didn’t know. Rey said the words anyways. Sorry for not being strong enough in the Force to save Finn? Sorry for rejecting Maz Kanata’s earlier offer to take the lightsaber? Like, if Rey had taken it up, Finn would not have tried to fight with it and he’d be fine? Or maybe Rey would not have been captured, if she had not denied her connection to Luke Skywalker, or she would have been stronger in the Force to fight back, and no one would have had to have died or been grievously wounded rescuing her? Sorry for not saving Han Solo, for stealing his ship, for bringing him somehow into this mess? ‘Sorry for being just a scavenger from Jakku, not a girl could properly save anybody but myself’. ...That Rey was sure she felt sorry of. But even that... Was Rey sorry that she hadn’t been strong enough to keep the murderous monster Kylo Ren out of her mind? That he had seen the Force in her, beyond the map, and that had attracted him to her? Was there something she could have done besides running stupidly into the forest that could have hidden her from his interest, his sense? Was there anything she could have done that would have made him try to kill her, instead of trying to kill Finn? ...As he had, apparently, his own father? And just what was the awful thing inside of her exactly, that he had not just out-and-out killed her, Rey wanted to know, like the masked monster of a man seemed to do to everything and everyone else? Was she sorry somehow, for being considered possible Jedi-or-dark-wicked-evil-Sith-monster material? Was she sorry for living, for being whole, and physically sound, when others... ‘So lonely, so afraid,’ he had said. ...And still said, when the face of Kylo Ren arose in Rey’s nightmares. Now she felt the restraints as if they were still on her arms, and the brush of his voice in her mind, every now and then: ‘I feel it too’ and ‘it’s just us now. Han Solo can’t save you.’ He had been talking to her, Rey knew, not Finn. ...Never Finn. He hadn’t wanted Finn, hadn’t needed Finn. Finn was just a deserter. He was just in the wrong place in the wrong time. ...Because he had come back for her. Rey was so glad Finn had come back, she was sorry she felt so glad, because, well, look at what had happened to Finn when he did come back for her. ...Maybe that’s why her family had never come back? Or worse, maybe that is what did happen to them when they tried to come back for her? All Rey knew surely was that Finn was the only one who had ever come for her. And even that had been an accident. “You’re marked now,” he’d told her, and then her world exploded into a riot of blaster-fire and the desert depot heard the rumble of approaching air strikes, and he’d taken her hand. “Come with me,” he’d begged her, Finn, when he’d stood upon the stairs of Maz Kanata’s castle. ...But Rey had thought he was a coward then, she, who was to be told she was connected to the Jedi, and who would run from that, like, less than an hour later. Finn should have been in the outer rim right now, safe, and at peace. Instead, he was in in med unit on a rebel base, half his internal organs slashed in half and patched up, and no one knew if he was going to wake up. And if he woke up, he’d wake up a hero caught up in a rebellion he’d never wanted to join in the first place, in a universe at war. And Rey had just spent her whole life waiting, carving notches on the walls, counting the days; meaning was found in nothing more fulfilling than food in in her belly. She had been wasting away, holding onto the hope that someone was still coming back for her. She had been in denial. So Rey kept murmuring how sorry she was, and mumbling nonsense, about whomever it was that she couldn’t save, into the hair of Leia Organa, the General of the whole Resistance Movement. This led Leia to break the embrace. Rey was certain that neither women knew who Rey was talking about, but the General said the right words at the time, despite: “We save what we can, and then we build what we can with it. If we can’t save anything or anyone’s skin but our own, then we hope, and we wait.” Shortly thereafter, the map to Luke Skywalker was recovered in entirety and revealed to all those who were part of stand-down and recovery operations in the Resistance Central-Command Command Center. It gave everyone in attendance new hope, despite the loss shared---and still being felt---for fallen comrades. All those who’d seen the map were considered, thereupon, to be on “active alert”. Thus, Rey found herself not allowed to socialize with those outside of active alert beyond senior Intelligence and Operations officers. Those thought to require urgent medical attention, like Rey, were supervised through-out the process of being attended to. After being checked over by a droid in one of the medical bays, Rey was kept under more-medically related supervision for the effects of, what she assumed, was probably shock. Later she learned that she was actually being monitored for the aftereffects of any number of the known dangerous drugs routinely administered by the First Order on prisoners during interrogations. “But none of that applies to me,” Rey explained as she was gently led through a short debriefing by a small group of, she assumed, Resistance Intelligence officers, and General Organa, later on the same day. Or maybe it was the evening? Or the next day. Rey couldn’t exactly tell. She hadn’t slept, hadn’t been able to. The nightmares were getting darker. They sat in a small room, at a smaller table. “I am fine, really. No needles, no torture, just...” “---Having your mind violated by a cape-wearing psycho-path in a mask?” a recently showered, good-looking, and fresh-faced man in plain clothes supplied for her helpfully. He entered the room, and just plunked himself down at the table. He wore no insignia to mark his rank, and from the feeling of impatience she felt coming off the two intelligence officers after the addition of his presence, he was probably not intelligence. His posture, Rey decided, as he sat, was too casual to be overtly military, and if he did own a position of command with the Resistance, it was due to some crazy mad skill, rather than earned respect for a long service record. ...That, or the ability to get others to like him. “Um, yes, exactly,” Rey darted a quick wordless thanks in the direction of the dark-haired bronze-faced thirty-something new addition to the table. He gave her a charming “it’s-nothing” sort of smile, and nodded encouragingly for her to go on. Rey did, but before she did, she stole a glance at the General. Rey was certain she was the only one at the table who actually knew that Kylo Ren was Gen. Organa’s son, Ben Solo. If the others did know...they probably wouldn’t refer to the hand of Snoke and the First Order as a psychopathic monster, even if he was exactly that. ...At least not to his mother. But the General’s face was inscrutable. The air—the force around Leia Organa, was just as carefully cloaked. The woman had a will of steel, and Rey, for all her new-found ability to read people’s minds, and impress her thoughts thereupon, could find no opening or crack concerning Ben Solo. So Rey told them exactly what had happened on the First Order’s Starkiller base. Chewbacca was likewise debriefed and their stories obviously matched, excepting the points in time from when Chewbacca took a shot at Kylo Ren and blew the charges, to when Chewbacca managed to rescue Finn and Rey from the planet’s eventual total core collapse. The gap was of much interest to the General, and the intelligence folks. That a scavenger girl from Jakku had managed to get caught up in the First Order’s hunt for the droid and the map, and then, that Kylo Ren had decided that Rey could fulfill the needs of the map for them, seemed acceptable enough at first, until one considered the ease of the interrogation through which she had been submitted. “If I might interrupt,” the dark-haired man at the table interrupted the excited intelligence officer who had been questioning Rey, “but I wouldn’t call it exactly ‘easy’. Trust me, unless you’ve been through it personally, Connix, you wouldn’t understand.” Rey mouthed another wordless “thanks” to the slightly older man sitting across from her. “We are just trying to understand the First Order interrogation procedures, and why the variation in this instance, for this prisoner," Lieutenant Connix responded. After all, the means of persuasion exercised during your capture, Captain Dameron, were, according to your own attestation, extensive.” “And brutal,” the man who they called Captain Dameron demurred, “but nothing quite so bad as having your entire being invaded and your every memory brought up and raped before your very eyes, behind the back of your eye-lids, for someone else’s whim or pleasure.” Capt. Dameron met Rey’s eyes pointedly, and she did her best not to shudder at his choice in words. They described what had happened to her on Starkiller only too well. “But do you have any idea, Rey, why you were only questioned by Kylo Ren?” Gen. Organa put in gently. “Time, maybe,” Rey thought about it. “Or maybe he thought, ‘this girl isn’t a Resistance fighter’. ‘Maybe she won’t need loosening up’---like if normally the First Order tortures and drugs Resistance people first?” She looked around the room. That seemed to be what they thought. That whatever Kylo-Ren had done to her, it was quite gentle by usual accounts. “He saw me and thought, ‘this is just a scavenger girl. It will be easy to get the information that I need’. I don’t know. He... ...He read my mind easily enough when he first captured me. I couldn’t move, I couldn’t think, not without him first willing it from me. I don’t know. He said they had the rest of the map, from old Imperial archives-“ Gen. Organa swore at that. Rey continued, “-and he saw from my mind, that I’d seen the missing piece, what they didn’t have. So he knew he could get it from me. Only, when he first started looking in my mind, the funny thing is, I swear he was looking for something else first. He wanted to know my secrets. My fears. My... darkness, if that makes sense? He was looking for something I didn’t even know I had. And, when he was looking for that, or making me look for it, I guess, describes it better...Leading me through the dark corners of my own mind, I found it first, I suppose, or I saw something there the exact second before he did and-” -“The Force,” Gen. Organa interrupted. “What you found was the Force, Rey, wasn’t it?” She sat forward, a new bright light in her brown eyes, making her face glow. The Intelligence officers sat back. The General understood the Force better than they did. It wasn’t an idea or fact they could read and interpret or technology or operational resources they could plan and manipulate. “I-I don’t know,” Rey said, suddenly hesitant, aware of the awe this could inspire in people. She felt it radiating off from the others in the room, and she didn’t want them to put all their hope into the wrong thing. “All I know is I used what I found to push back at... him. And then I caught hold of something in him, something he’d opened to me, perhaps to show off how strong he was to me? To intimidate me? I don’t know. But he’d left himself open, and I dragged him by that, the way he had shoved me into my own head, and he led me to his thoughts. Then, just as suddenly, he closed his mind to me. It was like, I dunno, blast doors, and I was back in my own head. ...And he didn’t try anything again. He just, I don’t know, picked up his helmet, put it on, and left.” Apparently the thought of Kylo Ren just picking up his helmet and shoving it on, was hilariously funny to Capt. Dameron, who openly laughed out loud, and gave a little whoop of what was probably a form of congratulations to Rey. Rey didn’t tell the others, how, when Kylo Ren had removed his helmet, almost at her request, that she saw something in his features, his face, that she’d recognized. Rey almost felt as if she’d known him all her life. ...Which was, of course, impossible. Wasn’t it? Still, there in that moment, where all her hopes and dreams were mingling with dark memories and nightmares, Rey had been more than relieved in the end, when he’d put the mask back on. She could handle a monster in a mask. The man---the boy---in the monster, that Rey knew she didn’t want to deal with. It had touched too close to whatever dark and hidden thing he’d been searching for in Rey. He suspected as much. Rey had tasted of all Kylo Ren’s suspicions. He felt exactly what she felt, and that came as the most frightening realization of all. When Capt. Damerson settled down, and Gen. Organa dimmed the light of hope from her face, Rey explained how she used the same method to convince a storm-trooper to release her, and to give her his weapon. After that she’d evaded recapture, and was met up by Finn, Han Solo, and Chewbacca. Han and Chewie had gone to set the charges on the lines for the thermal oscillator, and Finn and Rey had gone to re-set the fuses so that Han and Chewie could access the part of the precinct where the lines were. Rey told them they could all rely on Chewbacca’s account of what had happened next, and that she had no wish to recall the events surrounding the death of Han Solo, only that it had resulted in his murder at the end of Kylo Ren’s lightsaber. Then, Chewbacca had fired his cross-bow on Kylo Ren, wounding him, probably, his left shoulder, maybe lower down. “It’s hard to tell, wet blood on black robes,” Rey explained. All Rey knew was that there was a steady deluge of blood flowing when he’d managed to cut off Finn and Rey’s escape from the imploding First Order base. Rey recounted how she was Force-thrown, how she had awoken to Finn’s heroism, and the sound of his screams, and Finn being cut down. How she had looked down to find the lightsaber Finn had been carrying suddenly in her hand, and how she had battled the injured Kylo Ren with it. This sounded pretty impressive to the Resistance fighters in the room, so Rey had to admit, that really it was not. “He limping and was bleeding a lot,” she glanced at Gen. Organa, whose eyes revealed nothing. “He had to keep hammering on his chest, either to, I dunno, get more adrenaline pumping from his heart to keep going, or to draw upon the pain from his wound, to reach the, the, the...” Rey sought for the right words. Whatever Kylo Ren had been using it was different than was she had found at the last, when all her strength had run out. It was anger, hate, fear, and pain, radiating off him in hot waves, somehow only controlled when he looked her directly in the face, not when they desperately blocked and parried, and tore across each other’s path, stumbling, in ferocious streaks of blue and red light in the blinding snow. “-The Dark Side,” Gen. Organa supplied for Rey. Rey nodded. “Then the ground in front of us split, and we were on separate sides of a molten ridge, and the whole world was falling apart. So I just turned, and I ran, and I found Finn, and, I don’t know. Chewbacca was there then, in the Falcon, and that’s how we got away.” ‘We’re not done yet!’ Kylo Ren’s words of accusation reverberated still, bouncing off corners of the dark corners of Rey’s mind, where she pushed away and blocked out everything that she was afraid of. “Is there anything else you’d like to tell us Rey?” Gen. Organa asked carefully, and Rey could feel touches of the Force, almost consoling her, coming from the General, nearing the end of her debriefing. “He-he,” and everyone in the room knew Rey meant Kylo Ren. “He said I need a teacher. To learn the ways of the Force.” Rey hung her head, as if this last bit of retelling somehow made her dirty, and unworthy. Everyone in the room now understood. That’s why he’d let her live. Kylo Ren, or Snoke, or both, wanted Rey for the First Order. That’s how they’d gotten away, and how the Resistance decided at length, to send Rey to Luke Skywalker. To, or ‘for’, they were not that specific as to issue exact mission instructions. So Rey had protested that she really did not want to learn anything more about the Force, and that she was not even a Resistance Fighter, and that she wanted to be there if and when Finn did wake up. Apparently protesting that she was not a Resistance fighter was the weakest argument of all to Resistance Central Command. They seemed to think it ‘adorable’, ‘sweet’, and...utterly naïve. Gen. Organa summed it up for Rey pretty neatly: “You intercepted highly classified intel. and became an indispensable part of the mission team that saw it safely delivered to this base. You fired upon First Order forces and shot down First Order officers and ships in the process. Wanted for questioning, and probably for treason and murder and whatever other charges General Hux is likely to issue and attach to your name, you escaped, and were part of a sabotage offensive that resulted in the destruction of Starkiller base. Your face, your fingerprints, your DNA, your vitals, all your bodily recognition stats., are on First Order record now. On top of that, you have incurred that interest of Snoke himself, through my son, to see if they can use you somehow. To say that you are impartial, not a fighter, and would not be considered linked to the Resistance movement, Rey, is not an option. Not anymore.” Then Leia had added more gently, since Rey seemed so little then, so child-like and her age showed: “If you want to protect yourself from Snoke, and my son, because I know my son, he doesn’t give up easily-“ the woman smiled ruefully. “-Then you must learn the ways of the Force. At least, enough to protect yourself. You don’t have to decide to become a Jedi, like my brother, Luke, did, but at least learn enough to defend yourself, like I did.” ‘So that’s why I can’t read her,’ Rey knew then, of Gen Organa. So she would go. Rey agreed, and the air on the base became almost celebratory. Leaving Finn behind had been the most difficult of all. Rey felt that Finn would never leave her, had their positions been reversed. She suspected he’d stay by her side until she was well. Finn had a heart for peace, not for adventure, but Rey knew she was different. She had always been restless and waiting for something to happen to her. Rey thought it had been a return to family and an idea of ‘home’ but that was stripped from her now. Like Finn, the only family and home they had now, was each other. ...And Kylo Ren and the First Order had almost taken that away from her too. So she would go. Rey had already become resigned to the burning realization that she must learn to use the Force in order to protect herself, in order to protect the one’s she loved from ever feeling they had to put their lives in danger to save her ever again. Capt. Dameron turned out to be Poe Dameron (who turned out to be alive after all) and he and Rey got to know each other waiting and praying over Finn’s bedside in the short days leading up to Rey’s departure from the Resistance base. “So you’re the girl he just had to rescue,” Dameron held out his hand to Rey with a friendly grin when they met in the hospital bay, shortly after her debriefing. She winced at his words but took his hand, and shook it firmly. Both Poe and Rey had been witness to the reveal of the Skywalker map. Its recovery had been Capt. Dameron’s initially, but now ‘Skywalker-recovery’ had become Rey’s. “And you’re the pilot who we all thought was dead. Finn’s going to be so happy about that when he wakes up.” “Oh he already knows,” Dameron released her hand, and they each took a seat on either side of the hospital unit an unconscious Finn was connected to. “We met up back here before the attack on Starkiller. That’s how I know about you. Finn told me. His exact words, ‘I didn’t complete your mission, Poe. Rey did.’ So I guess I owe you my thanks for that as well, as well as for getting Finn back here.” Rey didn’t feel it necessary to add, that Finn wouldn’t even be in a medical bay, if he hadn’t come back for her. Having lost more friends than someone of his age should have count of, due to the nature of his employ as a fighter pilot, it didn’t take any hidden pool of Force-sensitivity for Poe Dameron to recognize the guilt playing across Rey’s young features. “Don’t do that,” he chided her. “Do what?” Rey sat up, immediately defensive. “Blame yourself,” Poe smiled kindly. “Doesn’t fix anything. What it does, actually, is it makes your next important decision worse for others depending on you. Trust me.” The plain-clothed pilot ran a sheepish hand through his wavy dark hair, and the gesture made him look younger, although the advice marked him as older. “Experience.” They sat in muted silence for the longest time, listening to the instrument-assisted breathing of Finn. Not one generally good at routine silence, Capt. Dameron looked to Finn, and then to Rey. “He’s a good guy, Finn,” he said to Rey. She didn’t need him to tell her that. Rey supposed that the Captain was just just as restless as she was, unable to help Finn recover in anyway, and so he was talking more to himself than to her, and just using her presence as an excuse to verbalize his own thoughts and feelings. Rey really didn’t mind. “Hear that, buddy?” Poe gently shook Finn’s shoulder. “You’re gonna get through this. Then, I’m gonna teach you to fly. I’m gonna teach to you fly, and you can go anywhere that you like in the galaxy. The universe. Anywhere.” That made Rey smile. “He’d love that.” Poe looked back to her from across Finn. “No really, he would,” Rey was smiling, and Poe felt relieved that he’d at least managed to do somebody one bit of good that day. Poe looked back to Finn. “And then you can take your girl out on a date that doesn’t involve getting shot, or shot down, or captured and rescued, and like, lightsabers, I don’t know.” Dameron looked back to Rey, rather seriously. “It probably isn’t my place to say, but I don’t know if you’ve noticed, life is short these days. So...He really likes you, you know.” “I know,” said Rey, and she looked as adoringly as she could in her own inwardly restrained way, at the rested brow of the only person in the universe who had ever come back for her. “He rescued me.” “He rescued me too,” Poe’s eyes narrowed in amusement at the corners. “I still don’t think he’d do it if he had known it meant facing that, that, thing.” Capt. Dameron could find no better descriptive word for Kylo Ren, “or if I hadn’t been a pilot. Not that I care. You understand me, right?” Rey smiled again, a small smile, but it was a start. “I fly a little too.” She took genuine pride in her recently-realized flying capabilities. The pair both smiled down at Finn. “You didn’t go back for her flying skills, now did you, buddy?” Poe laughed, speaking to Finn, who was, blissfully unaware of the entire exchange. Rey’s smile turned sad. “It’s because we don’t have any family, you know. He was taken from his, I was abandoned by mine, and then...something must have happened to them. So beyond BB-8, for me, Finn is the only the person I have left in the whole galaxy.” “We’re kind of all brothers here, with the Resistance,” Poe began. “So you’ve got family now. Finn saved my life, my sanity. So he’s more than a brother. BB-8 and Finn like you? So you’re my sister too.” “Thanks for that,” Rey said, and she meant it. After the pain of just about losing everything, she just didn’t feel like making friends, or getting close to people. “Take care of him, for me? Will you? Until I get back?” She made to leave. “Of course,” Poe Dameron didn’t even need to be asked. “And, Rey?” He looked up at her, his eyes shining, his mouth stubbornly set. “I don’t envy you, you know. I know what it means, for the record, what we’re asking of you.” Rey paused, and nodded. She supposed she and Capt. Dameron had a better understanding than she and anyone else at Resistance Headquarters. When she said goodbye to Finn, Rey had wanted to do it without anyone watching, so she could be sure of her feelings, but in the end, Rey did neither. She couldn’t say good-bye, or decide on her true feelings for the injured man. Too much had changed in her life, too quickly, that she wasn’t sure about anything. When the day arrived for her departure all Rey managed was: “We’ll see each other again one day. I believe that.” Rey said it, if only to convince herself. She wanted to believe it. Then Rey had bent down to kiss Finn’s brow. His skin was smooth and warm beneath her lips. “Thank you, my friend.” Rey had said as she’d stood, not wanting to leave, but not knowing what to do with herself if she stayed. “May the Force be with you,” Gen. Organa had said, before Rey embarked up the Falcon’s ramp. Ever since Finn had taken hold of her hand that first time, the shock of something had coursed through her. Now, she was always aware of his presence, somewhere, in the back of her mind. She’d know if he woke up. ‘When,’ she had corrected herself from the pilot’s seat, suddenly brightening. ‘When he wakes up.’ Now she knew what it was. What she’d felt, when Finn had first taken her hand, and the two of them had started running together: The Force. ..................................................................................................................................................... Even now, as Rey climbed the endless stone steps of the lost First Jedi Temple, she could hear and feel, as well as see, the life-force of every clump or clod of grass. Back on Jakku, Rey had listened for the hum, the beating pulse of, well, this. Not that there hadn’t been living organisms on Jakku. There had even been a brilliant red flower that grew daintily from the desert sands every five to ten years that she had so loved. ...But life-the Force-on Jakku was sparse, and stretched thin. When Rey had picked up on the feeling of the lives and beings connected by the Force on Jakku, it had been just like a small start, or the echo of some more intense but forgotten (or more probably, suppressed) memory. With time, even the memory had faded. ‘That’s why I was left on Jakku,’ Rey found herself deciding. ‘That must be why.’ Someone had not wanted her to become a Jedi. The hiss of an ancient weapon throbbed in yet another pulse of her brain, followed by a streak of red light. The eerie red glow of a red lightsaber in pouring, drenching rain (more water than Rey could remember seeing in her life) was slashed across her memory, through the deepest past, and nearer still to the surface, so it was now crossed through everything of peace and beauty that Rey had ever known. Someone had not wanted her to become a Jedi...Or something more sinister. The true extent of the awakening of her sensitivity to the Force had only happened on Takodana, when Han Solo had brought Finn and her to see Maz Kanata. Maz had known Rey was Force-sensitive before Rey had. All Rey had known was that there was so much green, so much life on the small world, that it had taken Rey’s breath away. Maybe Han Solo had suspected it as well. Apparently he had told General Organa that she---Rey---reminded him of a young Luke Skywalker, though when Rey had pressed Gen. Organa to explain, she’d told Rey Han couldn’t explain exactly how. “Han’s never been good at feelings,” Gen. Organa had laughed. “I mean, he was, never was good at describing his feelings. But then, apparently, neither am I.” And the lightsaber, Maz said it had been Luke Skywalker’s, and his father’s, before him, and it called to Rey. That had to mean something. Luke Skywalker had to have the answers. ...And there had been only one humanoid shaped life-form on the island. ‘It has to be Luke Skywalker,’ Rey knew. So she was here, climbing, and the ocean shimmered, reflecting the sky as she passed under another arch of stacked grey stones, these, set between two huts built into the incline of a moist green slope. Hive shaped huts dotted the hillside here and there, seemingly abandoned for hundreds, maybe thousands, of years. It was a remote, lonely place, despite the life and light the landscape buzzed with. In a way, it reminded Rey of Jakku. While it made the perfect hiding place, Rey thought she understood why the Jedi Order had abandoned it. Rey had reached the summit when she saw him. His back was to her, but they recognized immediately one another’s presence. He had probably felt her arrival in the Force before the sound of the Falcon’s old Corellian engines had burst through the sky, Rey knew. He had masked his identity by binding it up with every other life-force on the island, but Rey knew the man standing less than ten feet away from her was the last living Jedi Master, Luke Skywalker. His belted raw-linen and pressed-wool robes blew in the wind as he turned to face her, and when he drew back the cowl of his hood, both parties realized their blue eyes were mutually wrought with tears. Rey fumbled to put on the strap for her staff, and then struggled with the pouch that she carried to withdraw from it the lightsaber from the wooden trunk on Takodana. Rey held it out towards him desperately, begging the Jedi Master to take it back, to take the responsibility of it all away from her. Luke Skywalker’s throat constricted with emotion he hadn’t experienced in years. Emotions that he hadn’t expected to experience again. Pride. Purpose. Unguarded love and attachment. When Rey produced the lightsaber that he hadn’t seen since the battle on Cloud City above the gas planet of Bespin, and held it out to him, all he could do was stare at the strong and beautiful young woman she had become. Luke Skywalker felt so utterly lost in the immense gulf of grief opened up, due the great injustice of so many years lost to them. Luke could sense the pain and desperation, the fear, the recognition, and the loneliness surrounding her, but even if he hadn’t been a Jedi, he would have known her emotions were a mirror of his own. He had failed all his students, all the Jedi, but of them all, she was alive. She had come back to him. It wasn’t fair to her, that she should stand now where she did, but sometimes the Force had a will of its own. He did not move towards her. He did not move to take the old weapon from her. All he said was: “Rey.” Chapter 3 “You”- was all Rey managed. “You’re Luke Skywalker.” Slowly, she lowered the long-proffered lightsaber to her side. He would not take it, she knew. “And you, Rey,” Skywalker nodded to her. “Do you remember who you are?” The mists of Ahch-To rose behind him, swirling, causing towers of black stone to vanish and reemerge, much like human memory. Rey stood numbly, and she shivered. “I’ve been here before, haven’t I? Or, or you called to me? Put the imprint of island in my memory somewhere deep, where I could never lose it?” “Just like I put a map into my old R2-unit?” Master Luke now looked amused, his tears banished, like the old sorrow. “Search your feelings Rey. You came here, with your father, as a young girl. What do you see?” Both rows of Rey’s front teeth met in her mouth, her confused expression denoting the bland search of her memories. She had thought about the island, tried to remember her family, a million times before now. This time though, Rey saw something. A robed man standing in mist, like Master Skywalker stood now. A younger, stronger man. Rey willed the man in her memories to turn, so she could see his face. Then just as suddenly, she knew. “I see you.” Luke Skywalker nodded and smiled wanly. “So you should. But that’s enough speaking of the past for today. A Jedi, I am. My place is in the here and now. And, now, Rey, here you are, come back to me. I suspect that there is much you wish to know, and we’ll have time for that, Forces willing, but let us take a moment, to celebrate the bright young woman you’ve become. Independent, self-sufficient, strong, kind, forgiving...and forgive me, if your old teacher has not become much more than he ever was, beyond having gained some years.” He laughed, and it was a good, honest sound. Honest laughter wasn’t a sound that Rey was exactly used to. “I’m so sorry,” Rey found herself crying into his robes. She didn’t remember crossing the space between them and throwing her arms around the Jedi Master, but that’s exactly where she was, what she was doing. “What ever for?” Skywalker sounded. He gripped her gently by the shoulder s and made her look him first direct in the eye. “If anyone should be sorry Rey, it should be I. That I could not sense you. That I could not protect you.” His voice was ripped with emotion, to shreds, after having been quiet for so long. Volume, treble, inflection, returned but slowly to one, having gone so long unpracticed in common speech. I...I felt an awaking in the Force,” and Skywalker sighed, and all his years became very heavy. “I felt it. But...I did not know it was you. I had...I am afraid I failed you,” Skywalker all but hung his head, “failed the Jedi. Now I see, the fate I had hoped to spare you, has found you all the same.” And with that apology, Rey went with the last Jedi Master to his little abode of a decade’s contemplation. There, they did not talk at first, but ate. The stone room was simple, with few belongings. Rey watched Luke Skywalker’s face as he ate, and he watched her’s as she swallowed. Only when they had finished did he ask her: “So why have you come?” Rey didn’t exactly know. “General Organa sent me, entrusted me...The galaxy needs you. They need you to face the First Order....the Sith. People have lost hope without the Jedi.” Luke looked thoughtful. “I already failed to stand against my nephew, and I could not defeat Emperor Palpatine, and Snoke was dark-master before him. I am waiting for another to bring balance to the Force. Master Yoda was correct. It is not I who is to fulfill the prophecy, Rey.” [still in progress]