Music plays, light and joyous from somewhere off in the base and Kylo glances at Finn. He and the other man are tucked away into a seldom used corridor waiting for Poe. The pilot had told them to meet him here at the end of the shift, everyone was looking forward to a few days off for the holiday. If the First Order and the old Empire could take days off the holiday then the Resistance could do the same. Kylo and Finn's kitchen shift had ended about an hour ago. Now they were passing back and forth a large insulated thermos of mulled wine. It seemed stronger than usual and they were only half way through. Kylo can feel his cheeks blushing and Finn is grinning like a spice addled idiot. Kylo doesn't mind those, he thinks the other man looks lovely when he smiles. There is something clean, pure, something the First Order could never take away, no matter how hard they might have tried. "This song is lovely," Finn sighs. "Makes me wish I knew how to dance." He'd seen a few different dances for it when he'd been planetside throughout his time with the First Order, but had never had the chance to learn any of the moves. The dancing and festivities were where the Order had drawn the line. Which, in Finn's opinion had made it rather counter productive to give people time off it they couldn't at least enjoy themselves. "I could show you," Kylo offers, a little too quickly. His heart is racing and suddenly he feels half his age, like he'd just asked the other man to a middle school dance. Finn looks at him in surprise. "I-.." Kylo stutters and feels his blush spreading across his face. "My mother taught me. When I was younger she took me to lots of formal galas, dancing was a requirement. But if you don't want-" "Ky," Finn puts a hand on the knight's shoulder. "I do want. Show me?" There is an earnestness in Finn's voice that makes Kylo's heart race and he can feel the other man trying to press the Force against him, warm and comforting, if inebriated. Ren smiles, biting his lip and nudges back against Finn's Force presence. There is a thrill in his stomach that he can't deny. Since his defection he's bonded more and more with the former Stormtrooper and there have been... moments. Moments when their hands will brush. Moments of panic when Finn will grab his hand and hold it for far too long. Moments when Kylo had nightmares and wakes to find himself sandwiched between Poe and Finn. Poe... Poe loves them both, so dearly, Kylo can sense the war in the pilot's heart. Can sense the struggle, how he longs for his own brand of intimacy. Kylo knows that Poe and Finn have exchanged kisses, and more. But also knows that since his return, such activities have ceased. And then there's Finn. Just thinking about the former 'Trooper makes Kylo's heart race. Just as it does when he thinks of Poe. If it is their Force bond growing stronger or some sort of real attraction, Ren cannot tell. He's never been really good at deciphering his own emotions. But he has caught glimmers of Finn... thinking fondly of him. Thinking longingly of Poe. Just as confused and baffled by what may be attraction as Ren is. And now, oh Force help him, Finn is leaning on him, warm and heavy and Kylo almost tips over, but manages to straighten them both before they end up on the floor. His heart is beating wildly and he has to put both hands on Finn to steady him. Kylo manages to set the thermos down before it gets spilled, his own movements are clumsy and uncoordinated, and he feels far too warm as he tries to stand in the small corridor and remember the steps his mother had taught him a lifetime ago. "So, it- ah-" He stutters over his words as he tries to position their hands and bodies. He's blushing furiously as Finn lets himself be arranged, still grinning happily. Oh. Kylo feels a rush of warm affection from the dark skinned man and time seems to slow down. To narrow to just them in his moment. "So, you take the lead, right?" Finn looks up at him, a dreamy expression on his face and Kylo has to swallow hard. He nods. "Um, yes. Yes," he coughs slightly. "Like this-" and as if on cue, the music shifts to another song and slowly Kylo starts to guide them through the steps. He's counting aloud as he does, finding that after all these years, his muscles still remember the motions. Step in. Step out. To the side. Spin. Step close. Dip. Pull back up and hold close... He and Finn are nose to nose as they stare at each other. The music lost to both of them and Kylo feels his hands shaking as he holds Finn's. The former 'Trooper leans up then and kisses him. Kylo's entire world stops. Finn's lips are soft, full and he tastes like mint, so different from how Poe tastes, from the hints of pepper that always linger on his tongue. Poe is savory and Finn... oh Finn is sweet . Kylo finds himself kissing back, moaning softly, his hands going to cradle Finn's head and pull him closer. The Force billows around them, like a tornado of energy, pent up and needing release. Warm and cold at the same time. It's peaking, rising too quickly and at this rate they're going to cause an electrical blackout. But Kylo doesn't care. He doesn't want to let go of Finn, because Finn is warm. Warm in a different way than Poe is. To connect with another Force sensitive like this, it’s incredibly intimate and erotic all at once. It’s a complete bearing of souls and stripping down and away until only pure emotions remain. Finn is pressing against him and Kylo can feel his hardness. Do you feel it too? Yes. Want you, Ky. The small exchange is enough to make Kylo weak kneed and he wants to simply drop to his knees then and there. To see if the rest of Finn tastes as sweet as his mouth does. To push their bond deeper and farther. Finn is rocking against him, his own hands, strong hands, smaller, but undeniably those of a soldier have snaked around his waist and gone south to massage at Kylo's ass. The touches send goosebumps racing up Kylo's spine and make his cock even harder. "And here I was worried you two would start brawling if you got into the mulled wine," an amused voice reaches Kylo's ears and he freezes. His heart stops. Oh no. Oh. Fuck! No. No. No. What has he done? What sort of mess has he made? Kylo tries to pull away from Finn, guilt flooding him. Anxiety. He's messed it up. Ruined it like he does everything else! But Finn's hands don't let him escape. The smaller man has him in a vise-like grip and Kylo starts to panic. "Shh, babe, you're fine," Poe's voice is in his ear as the pilot presses a hug against Ren's back. "But- But I-" "Shh, you didn't do anything wrong," Poe is reassuring him, pressing kisses between Kylo's shoulder blades. "But-" "Ky," Finn's voice is pulling his attention back, demanding and Kylo can feel the power of the other man's command through the Force, demanding his attention. "You're fine . Poe and I talked about it. We decided, that it would be best for everyone, that we could all benefit, take care of each other." This is too much. Kylo blinks, dazed and baffled. Both of them? No. No surely. And yet here he stands, trapped between them. Force he doesn't deserve both of them. Hell he doesn't deserve even one of them. He- Finn's lips are kissing his throat and Kylo's mind derails as he moans. The Force surges around them, warm and safe. It's Finn's doing, he's... comforting Kylo. Sending pleasant goosebumps all over the knight's body. Behind him Poe is grinding against his ass and when the two shorter men stand on tiptoe they exchange a kiss over Ren's shoulder. And all Kylo can sense is love . The air is thick with it. Passion adds a kick, another layer of flavor and it leaves Kylo shaking . He trembles as their hands touch him, tease him and entrap him. Kisses cover whatever skin they can find and then they're somehow both kissing Kylo. Sweet and savory at the same time, and he feels Finn pressing that warm and safe feeling of being so very loved and cherished through the Force and Kylo sobs . He's overwhelmed. He wants- He wants- "Let me-" he tries to vocalize but it deteriorates into whimpers and then he feels them guiding him. Gently pushing him to his knees. "I think you were wanting to taste the rest of me," Finn ventures, stroking the outline of his cock through his pants. Kylo is eye level with Finn's hips and can only nod, biting his lip. Warmth surges through him and he's pressing his face against Finn's crotch, mouthing at his cock through his pants, eyes heavy lidded with desire. Because he can practically taste the lust, the aching pull, it adds that layer to the Force that is surging around them. Poe gently pulls him back, fingers curling in his hair as Finn undoes his belt and unzips, just enough to pull his cock out. Kylo licks his lips as he stares at it. It's darker than Poe's, and it turns a beautiful purple-black color at the engorged head that is glistening with pre-cum. Kylo thirsts for it, he wants to taste! He strains against the hold Poe has on his hair, whining softly. "You gonna suck him off babe?" Poe murmurs softly to him. "Gonna make him feel good while I fill you up?" Kylo can't stop the moan that leaves him. The image that Poe is projecting, of Kylo on hands and knees, choking on Finn's cock as the pilot pounds into his ass. It makes his own cock throb, trapped unfairly in the confines of his pants. All he can do is nod and pant. Words are beyond him. "I want to fill him after you're done, stuff him full," Finn murmurs, one hand stroking his hard cock, the other reaches out to stroke Kylo's face, finger tips tracing over his lips. Kylo opens his mouth, licking and sucking at the digits. Oh he wants. Wants to feel filled and loved and consumed by it entirely. "Would you like that babe?" Poe is undoing Kylo's belt, hitching the back of his pants down just enough to expose his ass, leaving his cock unfairly trapped in his underwear. "Want us to fill you like an overstuffed pastry. Leave you leaking? Then lap it out of you?" Kylo's eyes flutter closed and he moans, sucking and gently biting at Finn's fingertips. "I'll say he wants it," Kylo can hear the smile in Finn's voice as he pulls his fingers away from Kylo's mouth and gently pulls his jaw down to open his mouth. Poe releases him and Kylo surges forward onto his hands and knees, his lips wrap around Finn cock. He sucks at just the head, getting a feel for it. Tasting it, sweet and clean. Poe had tasted faintly like engine oil in the past, but Finn, is all clean with the faint hint of musk. It's different and good and Kylo curls his lips over his teeth and tries to take more of Finn's cock in his mouth. Fingers tangle in his hair again, Finn's this time and Kylo feels the comforting press of the other man's Force power. "Easy, take your time. Ah, you feel so good." The praise makes Kylo's heart race and he feels Poe's fingers teasing at his entrance. They're slicked with something and slowly work their way inside Kylo's body, teasing him open until he shakes. Kylo tries to press back against them but Finn's fingers in his hair pull him further onto his cock. Kylo focuses on that, sucking all the way down to the base until he's drooling and choking. Finn is stroking his hair, murmuring praise to him and Kylo couldn't be happier. He's hard and aching but he can feel the adoration and care. The love. He pulls back, sucking on just the tip as he gazes up at Finn. "You're so beautiful, Ky," Finn murmurs. Beautiful. Good. The words bring tears to the knight's eyes and he can feel the truth behind them. Can feel Finn's love, his forgiveness . Compassion. It moves the knight, he can't find words to express how this simple act of forgiveness makes him feel. Not that he could speak right now, even if he did know what words to use. Instead he presses himself down on Finn's cock again, all the way to the base, his tongue working and playing over the hard flesh. Then the intrusion comes. He feels the blunt head of Poe's cock pressing against his entrances and tries to relax, tries to make his body accept it. It's hard with so many emotions making his head spin. Hard to focus. But then Poe presses a little more and he's sliding inside. Kylo sobs as he chokes on Finn's cock again, trying to make his throat relax. Trying so hard to be good for them. He loves them, he realizes. He loves them both. Poe from his past, who is his physical anchor and Finn from his present, the one he's developed such a powerful Force bond with. Both. He loves them both and Kylo realizes he's projecting it through the Force as Poe stutters for a moment and leans down to press kisses against Ren's back and Finn is stroking his face. "We love you Kylo." "We forgive you. We did long ago. "We love you, beautiful." Then Poe pulls back, his hands finding a hold on Ren's hips and he starts to pound into him. Kylo's eyes close and he just gives into the feeling. He revels in it. Each thrust feels amazing, he feels the mutual arousal of both men, each watching the other take the pleasure. Poe is fucking him fast and hard, there will be time for gentleness later, each thrust pushes Finn's cock further down his throat. It aches and burns in the best of ways. Kylo is drooling and sobbing, he doesn't want this to end. He's floating, spikes of pleasure coursing through him each time Poe gets that angle just right . His own cock, trapped and aching for release. It's perfect. And it's over too soon. Finn is suddenly pulling out, fingers tightening their hold in Ren's hair to keep his mouth from diving back down onto his cock. For a moment Ren thinks Finn means to come on his face but then Poe is tensing and moaning, going utterly still and Kylo feels the pilot's cock twitching and then filling him with warmth. Then Poe is leaning over him again, hands tracing along Kylo's sides and back as the pilot whispers praise and love to him. "Took me so well. So beautifully. You're so good Kylo. So good, I love you." They stay like that for a moment, Kylo feels his arms shaking, his shoulders and knees ache. But Finn is still hard, standing there, massaging his cock, patiently waiting. Lovingly drinking in the sight that pilot and knight make. Slowly, Poe pulls out and Kylo feels himself clenching, aching at the emptiness. It's almost distressing. But then Finn moves from in front of him, releasing his hold on Ren's hair and there is the sound of Poe righting his pants, buckling his belt and the pilot's face comes into view. Poe pulls Ren forward, kissing him, tasting Finn on his tongue. Warm hands stroke Kylo's face, down his neck and briefly tease at a nipple through his shirt. Kylo could weep. "Poe," he tries to make the words work. Tries to tell the other man just how much this means even as Poe is kissing him. Touching him. It’s so good. All of it. Each touch, each kiss is like a spark of electricity going through his body. "Shh, be good. Wouldn't want someone to overhear now, would you?" Poe is grinning as he teases and kisses Ren, plunging his tongue into Kylo's mouth as Finn presses his cock home. Finn is wider than Poe. About the same length, but he makes Poe's body work to accommodate him. Kylo trembling, moaning into Poe's mouth, his hands claw at the concrete floor beneath him as he sobs. Then, arms go around him and he's being pulled up from behind. Finn is pulling him up onto his knees, arms wrapping around his chest and holding him close. Kylo gasps for breath, eyes rolling, chest heaving and Poe slowly frees his cock from his pants. Kylo's hoping for touch. Aching for it, but instead Poe sits back, picking up the thermos of mulled wine and taking a long sip from it as he watches. Kylo whimpers softly and then Finn starts to move. He doesn't race to his finish like Poe does, he's not a competitive pilot. Finn is clever, strategic. He thrusts slowly, he watches for Kylo's tells. Little shudders, gasps of breath and for when Kylo keens . He finds that perfect spot. Ever the tactical soldier. Then, once he's certain of their position, the speed of attack changes and he's thrusting fast and hard, charging into Kylo's body. Holding him close as he does it. Finn is more muscled than Poe, stronger from physical training. And somehow it makes Kylo feel so safe. He was safe with Poe, treasured and cradled. But Finn is strong, despite their height difference, he manages to make Kylo feel small . Then Poe is kissing him again, quieting his sobs and cries and Kylo feels Finn driving him towards the edge of oblivion. Then. Oh. Then he's suddenly so full . He can feel Finn hugging him tightly, almost crushing him as he pants in Ren's ear. The Force goes white and bright with bliss. If there is a heaven, Kylo is certain in this moment that this is it. "Shhh, it's okay. It's okay Ky," Finn is whispering in his ear and Kylo realizes that he's sobbing. Not in the wanton, begging way, although his cock is still painfully hard, yearning for release, but oh he feels so loved . It's overwhelming. He can't process it. He's slumped forward, leaning on Poe for support, hugged and held close by both of them. "Easy babe," Poe's voice joins Finn's. "Easy beautiful." I love you. Kylo feels helpless, entirely over stimulated. I love you. I love you, he projects, over and over again to both of them. Slowly Finn eases out of him and Kylo whimpers. It takes both of them to help him stand and fix his pants and Finn grabs the thermos of wine. They stagger a bit as they help him to Poe's quarters. Kylo is still aching, but the world has stopped spinning. He can still feel Poe and Finn's love, their concern and adoration of him as they ease him onto the bed. Then they're both kissing their way down his neck and Kylo moans, arching into the touch. They strip him and continue kissing him, tongues lapping at him. There are gentle bites that punctuate his awareness. But then two tongues and sets of lips are teasing at his cock and Kylo's hips buck. They're both loving him. Touching him. His hands clench at the bedding beneath him. Too much! It's too much! Warm mouths and tongues swallowing him down. Sucking hard, milking and pulling his orgasm from him. He comes with a scream that is accompanied by a total loss of his control over the Force. Lights shatter and electronics sound alarms in distress. Kylo's scream turns into hiccuping sobs as he tries to catch his breath and he feels Finn moving through the Force, comforting, warm. They're both curled up next to him, kissing him, stroking him, easing him down from his high. The three of them lie there. They wait for Kylo's trembling to stop and until he's nuzzling against them, hungry for more affection and cuddles. "I think we were talking about licking you clean, eating the cream filling out of you," Poe purrs as he kisses Kylo. The knight's body tenses and then he moans and shivers. "In the shower hmm? Have you braced against the wall, the warm spray on your back while we eat your ass?" Kylo is nodding, pressing against Poe with great urgency as Finn gently eases a finger inside him. "Poe, he's so wet ," the other man murmurs. "So full, he just might leak out on us." "Nah, he wouldn't do that, would you babe?" Poe cups Kylo's face and gazes at him adoringly. Kylo bites his lip and shakes his head. His spent cock is trying to harden again as Finn eases his finger out of him. Kylo clenches and they help him up. He's shaky on his feet still, his knees ache and the thermos of mulled wine is passed around again as they head into the shower. "We're going to love you until you can't see straight," Finn promises Ren as Kylo leans against the wall, presenting himself to them. Finn slowly spreads his cheeks, gazing at that tight ring of muscle that has the smallest dribble of cum leaking out. "Did we fill you too much? You're leaking," he murmurs and leans forward to lap at it. It doesn't take Kylo long before he's sobbing again, fingers clawing against the tiled wall as Finn and Poe spread him and lick him clean. His ass is covered in bite marks and hickies, each one lovingly placed as they spread him open. First just his cheeks, then spreading his hole itself with gentle fingers and warm, wet tongues. It becomes nothing but sensation and Kylo is on a cloud of bliss. He doesn't even realize he's sunk to the floor until the cold tile touches his ass and both Finn and Poe are gently washing him. Their touches careful under the hot water and for the first time in ages, Kylo realizes how happy he is. I love you both. I love you both so much He projects, not able to make is mouth work. He's slack with relaxation and contentment. Dizzy with love. When they're all clean and dried. Lotions and balms applied they curl into Poe's too small bed and Kylo thinks his heart will burst. He'll drown in the love they bestow upon him. Then again, it’s not a bad way to go.