PROLOGUE . .. ... “I can’t believe we’re doing this.” “I can…I think.” “Just stay calm. You can do this. You’re gonna be fine.” “I am calm.” “I was talking to myself.” Finn’s heart pounded in his chest as he fiddled some more with the ship’s controls. The command shuttle hovered in wait in front of the shield covering Starkiller base. Looking back through the view the base almost seemed smaller. Inside, it had always felt gigantic, trapping them both. The signal from the control room remained static. “Come on, come on…hurry up.” Finn wiped his brow, fingers tapping on his helmet. Kylo watched him almost wishing he could feel as scared as Finn right now. The fear always hit him at the wrong times. Only when Snoke would enter his mind again and start saying those things, telling him to do what he least wanted to do…that was when he froze with terror. “What if they already found out what we did? What if we’re going to be turned in?” Finn turned to him, eyes wide. But Kylo Ren shook his head. He did not realize his hands were clenched into tight fists in his lap. Until he felt blood forming in his palms from where his nails had torn skin. He bit his bottom lip and glanced at his companion. “It’s too quiet for that. The teeth aren’t making a fuss yet. No nebula that I can see yet.” “So basically that means Snoke hasn’t figured it out yet?” “That’s another way to put it.” Kylo had a hard time remembering how to describe his state of mind to others who…did not know what it was like. But Finn had caught on much faster than anyone else Kylo had gotten close to in the First Order. More than any of the Knights of Ren, even. Maybe it was part of the reason Kylo had clung to him so much recently. They both had that secret code of speaking that no one else could connect to, a way of looking at the world around them that nobody was going to tamper with. “ Upsilon Two-Forty-Seven , you are cleared. Shield will be lifted shortly,” the signal finally came through. “Copy that.” Finn cut the signal, then turned to Kylo and smiled. “We did it. We did it! We’re free!” “Don’t celebrate too soon.” Kylo’s hands moved to his stomach and he took a sharp breath. Still didn’t feel anything. Not yet, anyway… Everything was about to change forever. Two months earlier . .. ... Your parents will never accept you as a real man. At first Kylo had not wanted to believe it. Didn’t want those words to follow him through every step of his childhood. The day he told Leia Organa and Han Solo that he wanted to be called ‘Ben’ and use male pronouns from now on, he received mixed reactions. Leia held him, as if she had always known the truth, and helped him exchange the few dresses he didn’t want anymore—except for the rest that, at the time, Kylo felt okay with wearing. To him the fact that he knew who he was, rather than the fact that he happened to wear makeup and dresses, mattered the most. But Han Solo had turned away and refused to deal with it. Snoke didn’t even have to whisper a cutting “I told you” later that day. By the time he was sent away to be trained with his uncle, Luke, it seemed too late. I’m the only one who sees you for who you truly are. Just do what I tell you and you’ll be everything you ever wanted to be. More and more, his ways of presenting himself became restricted. He received vocal training but had to refrain from certain words, phrases, and nonverbal expressions. His wardrobe was condensed and he had to cover everything from the neck down, not to mention the mask. Hide every part of the body he hated. Just when it seemed he had it down perfectly there were a bunch of new rules to follow. He didn’t even know what he wanted anymore, much less remembered how it used to be. Then the voices in his head grew louder. And not just louder, but drowned out his own until he could not tell them from the reality around him. Could not decipher if people really were playing tricks on him, or if the voices just wanted him to believe it. At that point, did it even matter anymore? The voices were all he had. Snoke was all he had. Snoke was his only choice. Better to be there than alone. So he listened. And he followed every rule. Let Snoke convince him that only if he spoke a particular way, dressed a particular way, and committed every order to oath, only then would people see him for who he truly was. His body was treated like something he had to be ashamed of, even long after the hormones and surgery treatment. Because it would never be the exact way it could be, and therefore, how could Kylo dare love his own body? He could only earn respect if he did it perfectly, not the way he truly wanted—as if the two were not the same. The name Ben was long gone by then…a name he tried and failed to be known by. He was Kylo Ren now. And that was why these 48-hour leaves were such a high for him. For two days out of every month, Kylo went against everything that he had been taught for decades. For two days, he put on all the makeup and jewelry he wanted and headed for the nearest urban planet. From there he always found the red light district without much trouble. And he spent the night with no boundaries. Technically he went on leave to personally supervise the First Order soldiers, more to be around and make sure they didn’t get any ideas or mutter something pro-Republic or worse, pro-Resistance. But his presence alone erected enough terror in them so that they were afraid to even think anything like that. Which meant Kylo had pretty much all that free time to himself. As long as no one from the First Order saw him… Tonight was supposed to be like any other night. Then tomorrow would be the same. And afterward he would scrub the eyeshadow from his cheeks and the semen from his hair until his skin was raw, and everything would be back the way Snoke thought it was. You’re pathetic, you know that? Kylo paused for a moment. That’s not the sort of thought one enjoys having when he is in the middle of deep-throating a six-foot male Twi’lek. He rolled his eyes a little and felt hot tears roll down his cheeks. They formed thin black lines as his makeup was messed up. At this point Kylo could do it by cue. People seemed to really get off to seeing him cry as he gargled their genitals. The Twi’lek grabbed the back of his head and forced Kylo to take the rest of his cock. The dark warrior complied and worked his tongue on the underside until he began to feel Twi’lek cum run down his throat. Not his first time tasting it. He still wasn’t sure which species he had a stronger preference for taste-wise, since there were so many sentients he had sucked off. Some he could have done without, if he were honest with himself. When the Twi’lek finished cumming he dropped the few credits on the filthy ground. He barely stuck around long enough to tuck himself back in his pants before he was gone. Kylo watched him go as he wiped his mouth. His dress exposed part of his chest scars from surgery, but he didn’t care anymore. Daresay, he was proud of those scars. Kylo scrambled up the credits he just earned and put them away for later. Only a couple minutes passed before someone else approached him, this time paying in advance. His stamina long since pushed and trained, Kylo was far from exhaustion even after doing this for a whole hour. The credits would buy next month’s clothes and makeup for leave, and he would get rid of any leftover. No need for it. No one stopped by after several minutes. So he closed his eyes and leaned against the open doorway to rest for a bit. He listened to the sound of the club a floor below him. Several First Order soldiers down there, he imagined. He had probably sucked off a few of them and they had no idea it was him. Being around his men all the time, Kylo had begun to sense them individually. See what they were going to do or say, even feel, before it happened. But, come to think of it, one of them always seemed to surprise Kylo. Which one was that again…? Someone nudged his shoulder roughly. Damn, he had zoned out. “Stuff your underwear in your mouth and I’ll fuck you from behind,” a deep Chiss voice said. Kylo rolled his eyes. One of his least favorite kinks. But he had done much worse. He got up and pulled up his skirt, parting his legs to show the Chiss the briefs he was wearing. Normally he wore a packer but not tonight. “Anything you say.” Kylo looked up at him and bit his lip. This man was quite attractive…large shoulders and biceps and a gaze that would make anyone with average emotional intelligence melt faster than Kylo could draw his lightsaber. Kylo dropped his briefs and shoved them in his mouth until he was almost gagging on them. As his body was pressed against the scummy decaying wall, a disappointingly tiny cock thrusting in and out of his ass, Kylo started to become bored. If he could watch the Chiss while they did this maybe it would be more interesting. The man wasn’t even squeezing Kylo’s throat that hard either. Kylo rolled his eyes and let out a fake moan against his briefs, hoping that would finish off the Chiss faster. Just before something in his mind stung, like a splash of cold water. Someone is watching us. His eyes rolled a little to the stairway on his left. Their gazes met for a moment, as his body kept being rubbed up against the wall by the Chiss. Then, realizing how vulnerable he looked right now, Kylo looked away. He knew that young man. FN-2187. That was him. The one who took Kylo by surprise sometimes. They had had moments now and then during training. FN-2187 would test him, along with the others, in physical combat and blaster shots to see how much Kylo would take. He was the one who was most difficult to predict. Not to say Kylo ever lost to him, of course. Finally the Chiss left. Kylo quickly put his underwear back on and spat on the floor. When he glanced to his left again, sure enough, FN-2187 was approaching him. Well, this is going to be awkward… Kylo thought. “What…um…what are you doing here?” FN-2187 looked him up and down, eyes big and full of questions that wouldn’t be answered. Kylo’s cover had been blown. How did FN-2187 manage to recognize him? No one else had before. Not even up close. “Don’t ask about what’s not your business, FN-2187,” Kylo muttered, wiping his mouth. “Yes. I’m sorry, sir. I didn’t mean to pry.” FN-2187 was wearing civilian clothing and it certainly brought out his build. In ways Kylo hadn’t been able to get a good look at during training because he had other things to focus on then. But now, he was getting a full gaze at FN-2187’s strong muscles, well trimmed hair, a couple scars from training that showed he wasn’t to be messed with. His casual tunic hung from him loosely and his pants were tight and showed off his toned legs. Wow… “Sir, you’re staring.” Kylo rolled his eyes. He noticed F-2187 was holding onto a pack of cigs and gestured for one. FN-2187 was quick to obey and offered a cig and his lighter. Only when he had lit it and taken a long drag from the cig did Kylo speak up. “Can you blame me for staring?” FN-2187 frowned. “I’m not exactly sure how to answer that.” “As if I haven’t noticed the way you’ve stared at me too during training sessions. I’m not blind, you know.” “Oh, so your helmet doesn’t—never mind. But yes, I have noticed…sir.” FN-2187 looked nervous. Even a little scared. Kylo didn’t mind that. All his men should be afraid of him. “Don’t call me sir while we’re on leave. Might give away who I am.” “Sure.” FN-2187 leaned a little closer, thumbs in his pockets. “May I have my lighter back?” Kylo didn’t realize he had been playing with the flame, seeing how close his thumb could get to it before it began to sting, and then how long he could hold it. He was already forming a blister. Without a word he tossed it back to FN-2187 who lit his own cig. “So how much is it?” “How much is what?” Kylo snapped. “The…services you’re offering.” “Oh. Depends on which service.” Kylo was focusing on his cig. It tasted surprisingly sweet. Not his preferred flavor, but he didn’t mind it. You could tell a lot about the man by which cigs he smoked. He could also tell that FN-2187 really wanted to ask why the hell the dark warrior, Kylo Ren himself, would willingly spend the few hours of free time he had doing this, of all things. Sometimes Kylo even asked that himself. And the only answer he could come up with was, does it even matter why? He liked it and it hurt and it made him dirty and wanted. “You’re staring again,” Kylo said without having to look at him. “I’m sorry. I just have never seen you like this before. All dolled up, I mean.” Normally Kylo would have spat at him or told him to piss off. But maybe it took being fucked in the ass a few times to loosen him up a little, and not just in the physical sense. He glanced at FN-2187, looking him up and down again, really liking what he saw. Both their cigs hung loosely from their lips as they studied each other. “Like what you see, FN-2187?” Kylo drawled. “All I can say is that it’s…a good look on you.” FN-2187 bit his lip before he could say ‘sir.’ “You should leave, you’re distracting my customers.” Kylo parted his legs a little to give the message that he was still in business. FN-2187 quickly finished his cigarette and stepped back silently. Still staring a little as he made his way back down the hall. Kylo felt a strange energy in the air, that they were both asking the same question but didn’t dare show it. All I know is if FN-2187 wanted to fuck me I wouldn’t hesitate to say Yes, Kylo finally decided. And to him, that was all there was to it. For the moment, anyway. “By the way,” he added before FN-2187 disappeared, “keep in mind that if you tell anyone what you saw tonight, you can easily be replaced.” “Understood perfectly, sir.” Chapter 2 Ten hours of leave time left. Ten hours until it was back to the restrictions. All the barriers from being who he wanted to be. It was going to hurt. But the pain never bothered Kylo so much. It was more that he could not control his own pain anymore. Kylo ran his fingers through his hair, feeling the grease and residue of all his previous customers. His eyes rolled back up at the ceiling and he studied the cracks in it. If he focused he could hear the bed in the hotel room next door smacking the wall and the obviously fake moans of some poor girl. His newest client, a male Togrutan with dozens of piercings that formed swirls up both montrals, smacked the inside of Kylo’s thigh. He obeyed and rolled over on his stomach. Thank the Force this client had extra cigarettes lying around. Kylo took a long drag as he arched his back and wiggled his sore ass up at the Togrutan. His dress lay on the floor, reeking. He wanted a new one. Maybe a scarlet one that showed off his legs and back. “Do you always smoke while someone is spilling all over your whore ass?” “Does it matter?” Kylo muttered. He couldn’t even focus on his work as well tonight. Not after running into FN-2187. Wondering what he was up to on leave. If he knew how to get lucky without selling his own body out. If some fellow was fucking him right now. “Whatever. I’m done.” The Togrutan got up, leaving milky streaks that trickled down between Kylo’s cheeks, emitting a small moan from him. “Leave the bottle.” Kylo reached for the cheap fruit flavored vodka the Togrutan had brought with. It tasted well mixed with the cigarettes. “And tell the next client he can come in after he counts to ten five times.” At some point during the night, Kylo had been prompted to shift gears in his work. Rather than giving out services in the hallway, he moved to his hotel room so anyone who wanted him would have more offered to them. He could feel his stamina starting to wear thin and it still wasn’t over. But nothing a drink and another pack couldn’t fix, he figured. The best part of this was he could have a few luxuries. Things the First Order had never provided. A warm bed. Music in the background. Sweets and fancy beverages. Any true warrior is not allowed the slightest of comforts whatsoever. A spoiled prince, maybe, but Kylo was above that. That was why he planned to vomit it all up in a few minutes. He was not supposed to have this much good for him. At least some of it had to result in great pain. That was the way it was always supposed to work. It was also why cigarettes were perfect. They offered some spoils, but slowly killed him all the while. The perfect combination of pleasure and self-destruction for someone such as him. As Kylo waited, he took a couple swigs of vodka and curled up with the bottle on the bed. His mind wandered back to the soldier who saw him whoring himself. Suppose FN-2187 was more loyal to the First Order than Ren himself. Suppose he decided to tell Supreme Leader Snoke what he had found Ren doing instead of supervising his soldiers. Was it a possibility? Were his threats to FN-2187 all but idle? Kylo did not dare think of what Snoke would have in store for him if he found out… The door opened. Kylo looked up and frowned. “You again?” FN-2187 stepped in the room. His eyes gave away that he had been drinking, and a sheen of perspiration made his skin almost glow. “We didn’t finish our conversation,” he said. “Then what do you have to say?” He rubbed his eyes, smearing his makeup even more. He looked like trash and he knew it. “I had a feeling you were worried I’d tell the Supreme Leader what I saw. What I’m seeing right now.” Kylo tensed. How did he know I was thinking that…? “And?” He sat up. FN-2187 stepped a little closer into the light from the outside pulse signs. What had he been up to for the past several hours? Who had touched him? Who had he touched? Why did Kylo even care? He’s just another stormtrooper. Nothing special about him. Leave it alone. “I wanted you to hear it from me again. Your secret is safe with me.” FN-2187 took a deep breath and glanced at the dress in a heap on the floor. “It’s an escape from the First Order, isn't it?” “What do you know?” Kylo rolled over on his back and stared up at the ceiling again. The lights were shaking just slightly. The couple on the floor above must be taking it up a notch. “I know that having ways to escape…it keeps me going.” “Are you making a confession to your commander? Because if you are, you’re at an advantage. I’ve had a lot to drink and I’m going to be sick before long. And I doubt I’ll remember this conversation.” “It’s just that I understand why you’re doing this. And I won’t tell anyone. Swear it.” Kylo’s neck cracked as he looked at him. Only then did it occur to him that FN-2187 was looking at him completely naked. Oops. “Here…try the vodka.” He grabbed his dress and covered his crotch with it as he sat up. FN-2187 nodded and took the bottle, then had a swig. He coughed a little. “Strong stuff.” “That’s kind of the point. So are you my next client or not?” “ What ?” FN-2187 backed up. “No, no. It’s not like that…” “Because if you let me,” Kylo said, gesturing with his cigarette, “I would fuck you through the mattress, or you could fuck me. I can do either. It’s more what you want than what I…” A strong wave of nausea rushed up to the back of his throat. “Oh.” FN-2187 must have known that look because he grabbed Kylo by the arm and pulled him to the nearby fresher. They reached it just in time for Kylo to hurl all over the floor. Tears ran down his cheeks, but the agony had been all he looked forward to. Kylo was more focused on keeping his private parts concealed than aiming properly. “Oops,” he mumbled. “Here, sir…” FN-2187 guided him to the toilet as Kylo hurled again. “I said…don’t call me…sir,” Kylo said between gags. “What should I call you then?” “Call me Ren.” He grinned. “FN…218…7 is a mouthful, you know.” “It’s my only name, si—Ren.” “FN…Finn. There. That’s easier.” He clutched the edges of the toilet seat. “You’re a mess, Ren…” He could see Finn making a face in the mirror’s reflection. Kylo shook his head and began punching himself in the stomach. He wanted to vomit until nothing but bile came out. He wanted his stomach to ache from being forced to empty. Then he would drink some more so he would have more to throw up. “I still have more clients…” he managed to utter. “I’ll send them away.” “No!” But Kylo couldn’t stop him. He had already left and headed to the door, a threatening tone making its away out of the room and down the halls of the hotel. Kylo lay on the tile floor and growled to himself, pressing his ankles against the cold wall of the tub. “Not how my night was supposed to go. Not at all.” When Finn came back, he had a blanket. He put it over Kylo so he would have more privacy. “Did you see?” Kylo pointed down to his crotch and wiggled his hips. “Just a glance.” “Yet another thing you have to keep secret. Supreme Leader Snoke is the only other one who knows. And he wants to keep it that way.” “I understand. No worries there, either.” “I’ll make it up to you, Finn.” Kylo reached up and grabbed at him. “What do you want from me? It’s on the house. Right here, right now.” “Hmm. No offense, but seeing you puke all over the room didn’t put me in the mood. Another time, maybe?” He nodded, leaning against the toilet, breaths coming in rasp, not knowing he looked even worse than he felt. “Here, sir—I mean Ren—maybe you should get cleaned up and then get some sleep.” “I never sleep.” He rubbed his fingertips down his cheeks. “I just close my eyes and wait for the monsters, all the monsters to come out.” “Yeah, sure…will you let me help you?” It struck Kylo as an odd question. Something that seemed like nonsense at first, and should sooner be laughed at than seriously considered. No one had ever asked him such a thing. But as he would come to realize, it would not be the last time. Kylo didn’t stop him as Finn took a washcloth and cleaned the vomit, makeup, and saliva from Kylo’s face. He closed his eyes and hummed to himself, feeling oddly peaceful even though in the physical sense he felt like shit. When his face was cleaned Finn wrapped Kylo’s arm over his shoulders and pulled him up. “Damn, you’re strong.” “Well, all us stormtroopers have to be,” Finn said matter-of-factly. He dropped Kylo on the bed and he landed with a laugh, curling his toes. “I’ll be on my way. Hope you get some sleep.” Kylo never noticed him leave, but he didn’t mind. It had been a long night and he liked to think all of it would leave his memory come morning. But the image of Finn kneeling in front of him, cleaning his face despite how there was no gain in it for him…it stayed in his dreams and would never leave. The next morning, FN-2187 arrived at his post right on time, as always. The events that occurred mere hours before still plagued his mind. He would never forget seeing Kylo Ren himself looking like that, used and vulnerable and needy. But he could put it behind him. He had secrets to keep, after all. It wasn’t the first time he had done it and he could do it all over again. So when Captain Phasma approached the men and announced that FN-2187 had to report to headquarters, he stopped breathing. Ren is going to kill me, isn’t he? Frame me for something and have a firing squad take me down. It was all he could do to stay calm as he followed Phasma. When she opened the door he saw Kylo, full suit and mask on making him appear as heartless as before. Only FN-2187 had seen the other side of him too. He’s definitely going to kill me, he thought with dread. “Captain Phasma, leave us,” Kylo said, voice distorted through the mask. The captain obeyed without a word. Kylo waited until the door had closed behind her, then, “Take off your helmet.” This is it. This is how my life ends. All because I had to be the unlucky guy who found out Kylo Ren likes it up the ass. But he did as he was told. Unable to look up at him, FN-2187’s eyes were cast to the floor as he wondered how it would feel to take that dreaded red lightsaber through the chest. Would it hurt? Kylo stared him down coldly for what felt like hours but was only a few seconds. “Last night never happened,” he finally stated. Finn nodded. “I was compromised. It wasn’t me you were looking at,” he continued. “So was I.” “And it will never happen again.” Finn nodded again and reached over for his helmet. But before he could put it on, Kylo raised his hand. Already he was reaching up, taking off his own helmet, daring to show this man his true face a third time. To show him the imperfections and expressions no one else saw. To use his real voice, let their eyes lock. It was a new way of being naked and not the good kind. He shouldn’t have done it. He knew that before it happened. But something in him looked at the light in Finn’s eyes, remembered the way Finn ran his fingers through Kylo’s messy hair the other night, and it resurrected a small voice that wanted it all. He did not deserve it, and it felt too good to be true…but whatever it is, oh gods. It had to be his. Kylo grabbed him by the chin. In that split second, Finn’s eyes widened in surprise, then in realization of what was about to happen, and his muscles relaxed. He leaned in and complied when Kylo pressed his lips against his. The kiss wasn't how either had imagined it would be. It was better. Kylo parted his lips slightly, wanting to taste him, know that Finn wanted this as much as he did. A small gasp left Finn’s throat, but the way he replied Kylo’s movements gave away that this was certainly not his first kiss. His tongue moved a little to graze Kylo’s bottom lip before Finn sucked on it lightly. It was Kylo’s turn to gasp. He sensed the door would open in a matter of seconds. With a shudder, Kylo pulled away and snatched up his mask. Following suit, Finn donned his stormtrooper helmet. When they looked at each other again, they were faceless. And yet they both almost knew exactly what the other man’s face looked like. “Come back here tomorrow,” Kylo finished. “For what?” He bit his lip behind the mask. “I’m inviting you to dinner, all right? So accept it. Our next leave isn’t for some time.” “Why are you inviting me?” He could almost see Finn frowning with confusion. “Because…you said you understand me.” How else could he describe it? There were no other words. FN-2187, also known as Finn, had seen the part of Kylo he worked so hard to hide from everybody else. And it had not repulsed him. He had not seen Kylo as less of a man, or mocked him…just cleaned him up and put him back to bed. Whatever that was, Kylo wanted to reach out and grab it before the illusion faded away and he realized he really was the only one who knew what it was like to be this way. And if it was an illusion after all, he had to pretend for as long as possible. Chapter 3 Dinner consisted of rations mixed with the few other foods Kylo would usually have, but only when dining with First Order generals or royalty. More for the sake of prestige and publicity than his personal enjoyment. Snoke liked to make sure his favorite put on a good show. One of the dishes typically served when Ren hosted had been descended from an ancient Naboo tradition. It blended some of Naboo’s oceanic specialities, flavored with special herbs and spices grown in the Dee’ja Peak Gardens, and served with the best of wine. Finn didn’t realize he was staring until Kylo spoke up. “Is something wrong?” “N-No. It’s just…I’ve never seen food like this before. Only in holograms.” “It’s not for looking at. It’s for eating,” Kylo said matter-of-factly, not catching on. “Do you always dine like this, si—Ren?” Finn found himself wanting to call Kylo ‘Sir’ even though it had been established he did not have to. Although, when he had been severely punished as a child for neglecting to do the same, it did become a hard habit to break. “Once in a while. When are you going to sit down?” Kylo pulled up a chair. “Um, right now.” Finn sat across from him, still staring at the food. It looked so delicious. Holograms had not done them justice. Finn’s idea of food had always been simply flavored cubes or rolls that contained all the nutrients they needed. No more, no less. In fact, eating more or less than the required amount had been punished as well. Finn learned that the hard way at age five when he smuggled extra rations to a friend sick in the medbay. Now it was Kylo’s turn to stare. At him. What was he doing? Did this man have any sense of social etiquette or was that why he had to wear the mask all the time? “It’s going to get cold,” he said abruptly. Finn nodded and filled his plate with food, mouth watering. When he took a bite, he almost cried. “Is something wrong?” Kylo frowned. “Too hot? Too cold?” “No. It’s just…I used to try to imagine what food like this tastes like.” Finn let the taste melt in his mouth before he chewed and swallowed slowly, knowing better than to rush it. “It’s better than I ever imagined.” If only he could show his fellow troops food like this. He would never get away with it. But he could dream. “The First Order does not prioritize luxury for its stormtroopers.” Kylo took a small bite as well. “Which I suppose isn’t all that great?” Finn shrugged. What was he supposed to say to that? “Even on leave we still have a lot of rules to follow. No outside relationships. No purchasing things like clothing or food that we don’t need. No alcohol consumption.” “But you were drinking the other night.” “I have a couple buddies who try to get away with it. So I had some before they did since I knew they wanted to get wasted.” “Why?” Kylo cocked his head, hopelessly confused. “Because that way if they got caught I could tell Captain Phasma I did it first and dragged them into it. They would get a lighter punishment than me,” Finn said softly. His fork wavered over the plate as he debated when he should take his second bite. How many bites did he have left? How long would the flavor linger before he could take another taste? Why was eating such wonderful food so stressful? Meanwhile, Kylo leaned back in his seat, looking the stormtrooper up and down, searching for answer he would not find. At least not yet. They stopped talking for a solid couple minutes as they worked on their meals. Finn took his time, since he had no idea when he would get food like this again, while Kylo was distracted by the stormtrooper sitting across from him and only took bites when he remembered to. “So you intentionally get yourself hurt so your friends hurt less.” “Well, yes.” Now it was Finn’s turn to be confused. “Why wouldn’t I? They’re my friends. It’s what I do for them.” Awkward silence filled the room for what felt like a very long time. Kylo chewed his food with great precision, washing it down with wine. Finn dared take a second bite and made sure he took his time. He was determined to memorize the taste so he could remember it later today. “What?” “Nothing.” Kylo took a gulp of wine. “Do you have any friends, Ren?” To which he smiled bitterly. Neither of them had to say anything. They both knew the answer to that question. “Everyone needs a friend…” Finn added in a quiet tone, looking up at the man across from him with a growing smile. “You know? Someone you can trust and take care of?” There was no reply and Finn had to take that as a good thing. He focused on his food instead. When their wine glasses were empty, Kylo stood up and refilled them. It took him a while but no matter how much he tried to savor his meal, in due time Finn had taken his last bite. In a small sense he envied Kylo for being able to eat like this all the time. “Are you full already?” Kylo asked. “There’s still dessert.” “What’s dessert?” That made Kylo smile a little. “Oh, you don’t know what dessert is?” “No more than you know what a friend is,” Finn replied. Kylo’s eyes scanned over Finn, taking note of the little details, the imperfections. The dimple in his cheek when he smiled, the faint scars on the back of his hands that could only be from strict discipline in his childhood, the neatly precision of his haircut. Finn didn’t feel bothered knowing that he was being checked out. In fact he liked it. “I keep forgetting how much you haven’t been shown, being a stormtrooper.” He scratched the back of his head. “There’s a lot you need to see.” Actually, the other day I saw quite a bit, Finn thought and tried not to blush thinking of how he had accidentally stumbled on a half-naked Kylo being fucked against a wall and looking bored to death all the while. That was an image that would never leave his head. Not that that was a bad thing…he had really liked what he saw that night. It was a whole other side to this man he didn’t even know existed. When Kylo spoke again, he leaned over the table as their eyes met. His voice rang low and he drew out each word carefully, making Finn wonder if it was the same tone Kylo used on his clients. “Dessert is very sweet. Paradise in your mouth.” He licked his chapped lips. “And it might give you a sugar rush, if you’re interested in that sort of thing.” “Will it be as much of a rush as our kiss the other day?” Finn offered. “You’ll just have to wait and see.” Kylo got up and walked around the table to him. “I’ll even dish it up for you.” Their eyes locked again and Finn slowly stood up as well. Their hands brushed on the table, and Finn could feel his face burn with embarrassment. Now Kylo would be able to tell he was breaking out in a nervous sweat. That is, if he hadn't noticed already. “If I may ask something…do you dress like you do on leave because you’re not allowed to here?” Kylo hesitated but couldn’t deny what Finn understood already. He moved a little closer, scanning Finn’s nonverbal movements. “I suppose I do it the same reason you tried to imagine what good food tastes like. It’s…” “Freedom?” Finn finished. “Yes. Freedom. Not too much that you don’t know what to do with. And not so little that you can’t touch it. Just a taste of the other side without having to jump over the wall.” Okay, now he’s talking in rhymes… “That makes perfect sense. Basically what we’re doing right now.” Finn closed his eyes as he noticed Kylo moving closer to kiss him. Their lips met with a slight collision in a hope of reenacting the last one and its unexpected wildness. They were both much more hesitant the second time. More self aware of what their limbs were doing and how the air moved in the room. Their front teeth met and Finn had to readjust fast, trying to anticipate Kylo’s moves first. “By the way, I apologize that you had to see me when I was very drunk. I still plan on making it up to you sometime.” “Maybe you could show me how good your mouth is. I could be your dessert, paradise in your mouth?” Finn inwardly cringed as soon as he finished his attempt at flirting. He cocked his head and smiled anyway, biting his bottom lip. Would it have been so hard to just say ‘give me a blowjob’? Would it? But to his surprise, Kylo was already dropping to his knees in front of him. “Wait, right now?” Finn stepped back. “Why not right now? “You just jump right into this sort of thing without setting the mood, huh?” At least when Finn had had those quiet, desperate affairs with comrades, both of them driven by aching loneliness and raging hormones, they found the right time and place to be with each other. Usually after dark when one would sneak in the other’s cot and they would keep quiet as they explored each other’s bodies all night long. Finn had not had something like that in years. “Why does there have to be a mood?” “Oh, for…” Finn pulled him up. “I’m not one of your clients, you know. And I was half joking about it anyway. You don’t owe me.” “Oh. Sorry. I didn’t catch on.” “I mean, if anyone found out I was here with you…” Finn didn’t want to think about the consequences he was up against just by having dinner here. He was treading dangerous waters. “Right. I understand. I won’t let anyone find out.” Finn smiled. Kylo had never struck him as a trustworthy person before. But seeing him vulnerable, and now in a whole new way…something awakened in Finn. He didn’t know what it was. But he liked it. Maybe it was the same thing they mentioned before. Freedom. A few moments where both of them, commander and stormtrooper, could take off the masks and reveal the places where they were afraid and empty, and they did not have to be alone. Show their faces to each other without fear of being turned away. Here there were, dangerous as it was, but it tasted of a bit of freedom. And it seemed that under his mask, Finn let himself get hurt so others wouldn’t have to. While under his own, Kylo hurt himself before others had the chance. “But I could go for another kiss?” Finn asked. They did, slow and hesitant again. But not as awkward. Finn had a better idea of how to respond to Kylo this time, and he even felt Kylo’s gloved hands fold over his. Kylo took a deep breath and nibbled on Finn’s lip, making the latter man moan a little. When he pulled away, Kylo’s ears were red. “Maybe I should get going.” Finn spoke in a whisper. “Yes, you should, so you don’t get caught. Thank you. For coming to dinner.” Kylo stepped back, hands clasped in front of him. Like he didn’t know what to do anymore. “Okay. Goodnight…Ren.” Before he could be tempted to stay longer and see what happened, Finn left and returned to his post. That night, as he slept, Finn dreamed of the man behind the black mask. He saw Kylo lying on the hotel bed with his dirtied face and used body, smiling up at him. Felt Kylo’s bare skin against his. Saw his thick locks of black hair bobbing up and down between Finn’s legs, heard the moans spilling out of his own mouth as he gasped for air… He awoke in a cold sweat and quickly put a pillow over his waist, breathless. Just a dream. What the hell am I doing? he wondered. Chapter 4 Notes: As always, a big thank you to TheAntleredPolarBear for beta reading for me! <3 Against the voice inside him crying out at his own foolishness, Finn saw him again. The next time they met was two days later. On the night Finn’s platoon was sent out to patrol around a small moon before they established a secondary station there. Should no hostility be detected, the station would serve as a checkpoint for delivering essential supplies to Starkiller Base. Somehow, during the marches and orders and the shit ton of regulations to go through, Kylo found time to pull aside Finn, his favorite stormtrooper, and they shared a few hidden moments together in the cockpit of a TIE fighter parked near the landing platform. Like last time, they didn’t make it past a few kisses. Kylo seemed to get shy whenever he was with someone he actually knew, as opposed to a stranger. Finn missed his brief meal break for those moments, but considered it worth talking again to the man who knew what it was like to want something more than what they were given. Finn remembered the other stormtroopers he had had brief, secretive, tumultuous relationships with back in the day. The conversations they had in forms of whispers and developed secret codes. Warnings of which commanding officer was in a bad mood that day. Heads up on overstocked items in the storage rooms that wouldn’t be missed, like bits of bread or bandages. But in the end all of them succumbed to the brutal training under the First Order, as always. And Finn ended up alone all over again. After a while he gave up on finding any sort of, dare he say, love. The First Order seemed to oppress the very concept of love, come to think of it. But Kylo wasn’t like the rest of them. Finn felt it. Somehow. On the outside he may seem like a faceless menace, a soulless threat. But as soon as the mask was off Kylo did not know what to do with his limbs or his tongue and talked wistfully of freedom. As if freedom itself was a fairytale he had heard once upon a time. It made Finn’s heart ache for the both of them. One morning, back on Starkiller Base, Finn awoke early as always to get started on his mandatory exercises. He made his way to the workout room and began on the weights, enjoying the quiet that he could keep to himself. It was always better when only a few other people were awake and going about their duties, and Finn didn’t have to worry about being watched as much. For the most part, he was alone right now. Putting all his energy on lifting the heavy weights one at a time with each arm in a squatting position to put tremendous pressure in his thigh muscles. It wasn’t long before sweat began to drip into Finn’s eyes and soak his tank top. But he didn’t make so much as a painful grunt of strained breath. To him, this felt good. The pain pounding on his body put him back in reality. It was his only form of release nowadays…besides visiting Kylo, that is. But as his thoughts began to drift, he lost count of the lifts. He thought of Kylo and what they had confessed to each other the last time they saw each other. “Do you ever sense things before they happen?” Kylo whispered. “Sometimes. Only when I’m not distracted.” Finn bit his lip. “I see…but you still get that sense?” “Well, yes. I cheat at card games and it’s always been almost too easy.” Kylo bit his lip and tucked a lock of curly hair behind his ear. “I would cheat too,” he confessed. “They hated it when I cheated.” As Finn set down the weights, his comm went off, alerting of a new update in his list of duties for the day. He grabbed a towel and wiped his face clean of sweat. When he read the update, he couldn’t say he was surprised. Report to Training Area 2N17 at 0900 hours. Kylo’s personal training room. Of course Kylo would arrange for this. He sure knew how to pull a string or two. Finn wasted no time finishing his exercises and eating his required nutrient bars for breakfast. Being late was never, never an option…a lesson he learned a long time ago. When he was ready, he suited up in his training outfit and reported to 2N17. Once there, he found that he was not alone. Other stormtroopers from his platoon, varying in ranks and set of skills, were standing in a long row on top of the padded mats stained with sweat and blood. Standing on the other end of the room was Kylo Ren, armed only with a makeshift lightsaber. He was dressed in a manner that showed off the most of his body Finn had seen since the fateful night on leave when they first talked to each other. Finn couldn’t help but stare a little. Captain Phasma, in full armor as always, stepped between the row of stormtroopers and Kylo, who was currently fixated on taping up his hands. “You have all been assigned to Ren’s training regimen for the next few days. This will relieve you of your regular daily duties until such time as you are reassigned back to them,” she stated. Finn tried not to smile as he watched Kylo. Smart move. Assigning my whole platoon so no one will suspect he’s singling me out. While he waited for his turn to go up, Finn focused on Kylo and the stormtroopers he was up against. They drew their riot control batons and formed a circle around Kylo, who didn’t move save for moving his own weapon around a bit. The second Phasma gave the signal, they moved forward to attack. Kylo ducked out of the first blow and stabbed the trooper in the stomach, sending him to the ground as he had to fake his death for the simulation. As for the second and third attacks, Kylo delivered blows to them long before their batons could touch him. He moved with nothing short of brute force. His body seemed to be on the verge of bursting with the strength and energy inside him. Finn stared, fascinated. Kylo’s form of attack could best be described as a perfectly straight line. And his enemies had better not be between Point A and Point B. His fellow troopers winced and cringed as they watched. In less than ten seconds, Kylo had taken the first group down without even breaking a sweat. Finn noticed that Kylo wore odd looking wristbands that glowed light blue. He turned to the stormtrooper waiting beside him and whispered, “Any idea what those are for?” “They don’t allow Ren to use the Force during training. Some new protocol.” “That seems sort of pointless.” They had heard the stories of when Kylo used so-called ‘Force’ in combat. Those could keep the hardest heart up all night. “I think it was Supreme Leader Snoke’s orders, but I can’t be sure,” he murmured back to Finn. Supreme Leader Snoke? That’s weird. Why would he be so interested in Kylo? To Finn’s surprise, Kylo suddenly tossed away the ‘lightsaber’ and stood still. He looked bored half to death. A dullness had crept over his eyes as if he wasn’t all in the same place. He cracked his neck and glanced up at the ceiling, hands folded in front of him. Phasma turned to Finn’s group of six. “Hand to hand combat skills only. Use your routine attack formations.” Finn swallowed stepped forward. So it wasn’t just First Order troopers who had to know how to fight in case they were without a weapon. Kylo had not been exempt. The only question was, would Kylo treat him any differently than the others, or not hold back? Finn hoped for the latter, for both of their safety. That meant he had to expect Kylo to give it his all when he attacked. As Finn put on his helmet, he moved closer to Kylo. The quick glance between them did not go past Finn. Kylo’s eyes brightened for a second. Then darkened again as he realized the one negative aspect of his plan—he was going to have to hurt his favorite stormtrooper. Either that or see how well Finn could put up a fight. This should be interesting. But Finn had watched Kylo closely. He had a sense of what was going to happen next, however blurry and vague. And as the next trooper ran towards Kylo and threw a couple punches before being tossed against the mat, Finn realized something. That same strange sense that helped him win at sabacc more times than he could count. When it was his turn, he saw Kylo move to him, guard up, posture loose but barely holding back his power. Rather than attacking from the front, Finn slipped to the side. Kylo followed immediately but Finn got in a blow to his side. In retaliation, Kylo jabbed his chin to make him dizzy as he tried taking out Finn’s legs. But Finn knew it was coming. He stepped back and threw a sidekick, missing but still enough to protect him. “Not bad, FN-2187,” Phasma spoke plainly. “Grab your weapons and start again.” He could have sworn Kylo flashed him a small smirk. Finn glared. I knew it! He’s losing to me on purpose. Is this his idea of flirting?! Insulted by the unexpected gesture, Finn snatched his baton. Kylo, meanwhile, lazily picked up his ‘lightsaber’ and flicked the small switch on that would produce a trivial electrocution to the victim. Then he ran to Finn, the light in his eyes again. Their weapons met with a loud CLACK that echoed throughout the room. Then again. below their waists. Finn clenched his teeth, realizing his cheeks were starting to burn with anger. Kylo had no reason to go easy on him. He underestimated Finn, then. Thought that if he really gave his all, Finn would have to report to the medbay for a couple broken bones. Kylo bit back a smirk as he blocked Finn’s next attack one-handed. He was treating this like a game. An pathetic cure for chronic boredom. Then he had the nerve to fake yawn. I like you, Kylo. But you really can be an asshole. When Finn struck again, he wasn’t thinking. Wasn’t even planning on what to do other than show Kylo that he wasn’t as invincible as he thought he was. Finn didn’t plan to watch the edge of the baton sink into Kylo’s shoulder. He froze. His baton dropped to the floor. It left a large, bloody gash behind. Oh, no… Kylo made a small yelp of surprise, the impact of the blow sending him reeling backward. Then he knelt on the mat and reached for his shoulder. Blood leaked between his fingers. He cast his gaze down to the floor. His black hair covered his eyes. Save for slightly quickened breathing, he didn’t express any sign of being in pain. Unless embarrassment counts as pain. Before he could stop him, Finn rushed over to him. He began to shake “I—I’m sorry, sir. Here, let me look at it.” He pulled back Kylo’s hand. “Oh gods, I’m really sorry, sir.” Kylo’s head snapped up and he stared at him. His wide eyes said it all. Finn, what the hell are you doing?! But Finn couldn’t help it. Seeing blood that had been spilled because of him snapped something in him. He felt everyone’s eyes on him as he helped Kylo put pressure on the wound. “FN-2187! Step back from him!” Phasma snapped, ice in her tone. “I’m fine,” Kylo whispered to him so quiet only Finn could hear him. “Sorry…” Finn got up. He looked down at his hands, covered in Kylo’s blood. Little did he know it wouldn’t be the last time. Kylo stood up, avoiding eye contact with the others, save for Finn. He could not stop staring as he slowly walked out of the room. As he left for the medbay, Finn had to drown out Phasma’s stern but brief lecture at him. “This isn’t medic training, cadet. You don’t rush to an enemy in battle if you wound them, do you?” “No, sir!” Finn said, automatically. “Don’t let me catch you doing that again.” “Yes, sir.” He pulled away and wiped Kylo’s blood on his shorts, feeling a little sick inside as he did. The next day, Finn reported back to the training room. But today he finished exercises and breakfast extra early so he would be the first to arrive. He wanted it to be quiet there again. And he hoped to see Kylo, if he was fully recovered that is. Finn saw him as soon as he opened the door. Aside from the bandage on his shoulder, Kylo looked perfectly fine and ready for sparring again. He was stretching on the mat, eyes cast up at the ceiling, sighing under his breath. “Oh, it’s you,” he said simply when Finn entered. He stood up to face the stormtrooper. “How’s the shoulder?” Finn took off his helmet. “It’s fine.” Kylo bit his lip. “Why did you do that?” he asked in a hushed hiss. “Do what?” “Help me yesterday. That’s not encouraged. At all. Why did you do it?” Kylo crossed his arms. “Because…I didn’t want to hurt you,” Finn confessed. He might has well have spoken it in an extinct language. Kylo would have had the same reaction. He frowned, studying Finn up and down, replaying the last statement in his head over and over. “What?” he finally blurted out. “I…care about you. I felt bad about getting you hurt.” Kylo shook his head, no less perplexed. He ran his fingers through his hair and began taping up his hands. When he looked back up, it was as if he couldn’t stop shaking his head, not wanting to believe what he had heard. Or he just couldn’t understand it. “Um, okay,” was all he could say. Finn could feel his heart sink as he walked over to the other corner of the room. But just as he was starting to wonder if this whole thing had been a big mistake, Kylo spoke up again. “Thank you. It’s just…” Kylo sighed. “I know.” Their eyes met and Finn smiled softly. Kylo didn’t. But they both knew what the light in his eyes meant. You’re not used to someone caring about you. There had been no need to say it. They knew. For the next few weeks, Finn and his platoon continued to train with Kylo Ren. They were able to keep their conversations and brief make out sessions a secret. Either they would arrive early or stay a little afterward for post-sparring stretching and the like. Or if one of them needed to go to the medbay for a bloody nose or black eye, the other would pay a brief visit during meal break. And when they did, conversation was light but calming. Kylo confessed he didn’t know what to make of Finn helping him when he got hurt. And he showed it. For almost all of their sparring sessions, Kylo always ended up having some sort of injury. Sometimes just a bad bruise but another time it was a broken finger, or a cracked rib. No matter the severity, however, he always showed up the next morning ready to go at it again. Finn had a strong sense Kylo was just doing it on purpose because he liked when Finn secretly helped him out and put ice on it when Phasma wasn’t watching. Finn didn’t mind. He liked having someone to watch out for again. Even if said person seemed to be a slut for self-destruction. But they kept it quiet and calm. The kisses remained tender, but craving more. The touches lingered, just barely slipping underneath the clothing. And the confessions remained brief but at no need for more words. To think they thought it would always stay that way. Chapter 5 Notes: TRIGGER WARNINGS: some misgendering of trans Kylo in this chapter, as well as a scene with mental mind probing that might be disturbing. Kylo rushed to the chamber as soon as he received the word from General Hux. “Supreme Leader Snoke requests your presence.” Hux’s upper lip curled when he spoke, as he looked Kylo up and down. His hands were clasped in front of him, barely brushing the back of Kylo’s chair. Kylo could smell the fresh mint on the general’s breath. The grandson of Anakin Skywalker wouldn’t have been sick with worry had he not just gotten back from another visit with Finn. Biting back a small sigh, he rose from his chair and left the room without dismissing Hux. Questions raced through his mind as he donned his mask and walked through the opened doors to where Snoke’s giant hologram awaited him. Questions about where he might have slipped up, where he might have overlooked a tiny detail. He had been so careful and disciplined in the past. Especially when it came to the ways he spent what little free time he had. But one thing he had known about Snoke for as long as he could remember was that Snoke could find anything he wanted to look for. If one word in your head sparked a flame in your chest, Snoke would fan the flames. One memory that turned your insides to steel…Snoke would capture it to keep you strong inside. That was just the way of it. By habit, Kylo made sure that his cloak covered all of his neck and that his gloves were completely on. Force forbid he show any more bare skin than essential. His body was nothing but a broken, scarred shell…pathetic. He swallowed. Did he look less than perfect this time? Had he ever displayed less than perfect to Snoke? When Snoke’s hologram appeared, Kylo knelt before him, eyes shut tight for an instant. “Yes, my Master?” he asked. Snoke’s hologram leaned forward slightly, peering down. “I’m concerned for you. Your training…” Snoke said slowly, drawing out each word, “…has not improved. You have been slipping.” Kylo rose and looked up at him. “I apologize, Master. It is the pull to the light again. It has been distracting me.” “If you were truly strong enough, you would resist it and embrace the Dark Side,” Snoke said coldly. “By your grace, I will not be pulled back to the light. I will regain my strength.” Kylo held his breath, hoping Snoke wouldn’t sense that he had been spending lots of time with a stormtrooper. If Finn got hurt because of him, he couldn’t live with himself. Truth was, Kylo couldn’t remember how many times they had had a conversation along these lines. All the times he promised not to go back to the light. It had been this way for years…decades. Maybe it was wrong of him to be with Finn. Finn made him feel good . Finn made him feel like he wasn’t alone. What if that had been the pull to the light all along? What if the light was tricking him into making him think happiness and fulfillment could be found in compromising like this? Reaching out and daring to touch someone else like him? Unless Snoke had been right all along. There was no one else like him. No one knew what Kylo Ren felt. And anyone who pretended that they knew exactly what it was like to be him were liars and deserved to be treated like any liar should be. It wasn’t just that he didn’t need company…he was better than that. Searching for companionship and love just made him weak and vulnerable, let down his guard. No wonder the light had lied to him again. But Kylo’s train of thought stopped dead when he heard Snoke’s next words. “You don’t need another reminder, do you?” That word. “N-no…my Master.” “I think you need to prove to me once more you can resist.” With the slightest movement of his hand, Snoke entered Kylo’s mind. The barriers had been torn down long ago. But the intrusion was agony all the same. Of course it was just the start. Kylo bit back a small cry as the burning started. Part of him knew that none of this was real, all a mere hallucination conjured up by Snoke. But in the moment, it always felt very real. He tasted his enemies’ ashes in his mouth, felt them turn his throat dry as a desert. Flames began to peel back his fingertips, slither under his nails, up his nerves. In his head, all the screams of everyone he killed and the laugher from everyone he had let down, the lingering eyes and wandering hands. But these he could take for now. Snoke knew that. It still wasn’t finished. Then an image he had tried to push out. The stranger’s neck he had crushed by accident because he did not understand the power in him. His tiny hands shaking as big tears flowed from his cheeks. Screams from his lungs. The words on his father’s lips when he thought Kylo couldn’t see him… ‘ monster . I don’t want my daughter turning into a…’ Did you hear what he called you, little one? Your own father thinks you’re a… “Master, please. Not that one!” Kylo cried. He looked down at his hands and they had turned red. Covered in blood he had shed before he even knew how. Jedi younglings pointing and staring, “I heard she murdered someone when she was only eight. I heard she likes to pretend she’s a boy. Freak.” Fire melting away his skin, his hair, the stench of his own decay filling the room, eating away the horrendous body, making him scream with the pain he had deserved over and over and over. Then Snoke released him. Kylo gasped for air. When he saw his hands again they were back to normal. “Do we understand each other?” Snoke purred, a smile of pleasure creeping up his sunken cheeks. “Yes, Master. I won’t be weak again!” Kylo stood up, chest heaving. “The light is a traitor. I won’t look to it again. I swear.” “Good. Then you’ll do away with it.” Kylo nodded silently, his blood running cold. Icy fingers melted down his shoulders and spine. He bowed as Snoke’s hologram faded, then, pulling back his cape, he left hastily. Do away with it…? His heart sank. Snoke wanted him to leave Finn completely. The consequences were certain. If he didn’t, Snoke would get rid of the stormtrooper. Find a means to have him arrested and put to death. Kylo wouldn’t be able to stop it. Lose his Finn. Maybe it would not be so bad. He’d been through worse. He needed to be strong. Snoke had to be right about this, as he always was. Snoke had been right about everything in Kylo’s life. He repeated these things to himself under his breath and in his head while he continued about his day. He went over his mental practices during training, taking out all he had on the unfortunate platoon who had been assigned to him that day, not caring how much he hurt them because he could hardly even see them. He let them strike his body whenever they had the chance, let them gain up on him. The pain just made him more alert, more attentive. He mulled over what he had to do in order to remain his best self. The darkness had always been his companion, whereas light had betrayed him. That was the way it worked…wasn’t it? Hadn’t he been hurt the most when he tried to love, tried to forgive? And hadn’t Snoke given him approval the closer he stepped into the Dark Side? How could it be wrong? By the time Finn had arrived for another post-training dinner with him, Kylo had almost been convinced. The words he had to tell Finn were on the tip of his tongue. All he had to do was tell Finn to leave or the Supreme Leader would have him executed, and it would be done with. Finn, not suspecting anything of course, smiled warmly as he walked into the room. He looked like he had been craving this all day. And he probably had. Yesterday’s get-together had been interrupted before they could even kiss. “Hey…woah, what happened in training today?” Finn looked him over. It wasn’t until then that Kylo realized how many hits he had taken. And how sore he was. He might even have cracked a rib. “It was fine,” he said, blunt as a dull knife. Snoke is right. I can’t be with Finn anymore. He has to go away. He has to. The words seemed so concrete in his mind, so precise and orderly. A sturdy foundation amid the mental chaos. “Well I heard you sent a couple troopers to the medbay. They were talking about it in mess hall. You’re kind of a popular topic around the battalion. Makes me miss you even more, you know.” Finn walked up to him. His smile faded a little and he held up a gentle hand. “Hey…Kylo?” He looked up, unaware that he had been staring off again. “Yes?” “Are you okay?” Finn asked softly. The question threw him off guard. Kylo didn’t know what to say. No one had asked them that before. His mind drew a blank and his mouth went dry. All the thoughts from before and everything he had been rehearsing since his meeting with Snoke, were suddenly snuffed out. He had already forgotten what he was going to tell Finn. All he could wonder right now was why Finn had asked him such a question, and more so, what was the right answer to it? “I…I’m…” Finn looked at him and it was as if he could see everything burning inside him. He gently took hold of Kylo’s hand. When Kylo didn’t make any gesture indicating it bothered him, Finn began to pull back the glove so their bare skin could touch. Kylo looked down at Finn’s fingers, how they moved so slow and careful, how the callouses and scars felt against Kylo’s knuckles. “Are you okay?” he asked again. He shook his head. Not the tears. Not now. But he was falling apart, and fast. “I don’t know. I’m not…” Kylo hid his face, shriveling with embarrassment. He felt strong arms wrap around him and hold him. He heard Finn’s calm voice telling it was okay not to be okay, and Kylo could tell him anything at all. His throat ached and no matter how much he fought them back the sobs started pouring out. And that was when Kylo came face to face with the horrible realization. I can’t do what Snoke wants me to. I can’t.