Win or Lose Nym became very aware that it's dark. The dust did little to help her see what is around her. It burned her eyes and throat. She tried very hard not to cough, in fear that the newfound Sith Lord will hear her and come finish her off. But wouldn't it be better that way? All the other Jedi are dead now, maybe he should just finish the job. Nym couldn't help the cough that bubbled up, and the pounding in her head as she did. She continued to cough, her head continued to pound in time with it. She's exposed that she is still alive now, and it didn't take long for Kylo to notice. "Get up," he said to her. Everything is still blurry, all she can see is the glowing saber in the near distance. She's frozen staring at it. Mostly because she isn't sure if she could stand, partly because she isn't sure she wants to. "I said get up!" He suddenly Force pulled her to her feet. Nym wabbled a bit, head still spinning from the wall. "Take out your lightsaber." He demanded her. She wasn't sure why she listened, she has no desire to do what this man tells her... but she also has no desire to let him win either. So, she took hold of her lightsaber and ignited it. The green glow is the only source of light she has, and she stared at it, wondering if she is really going to kill the man in front of her. But she has no choice as the man she once knew came at her with his blade. Instincts took over, Nym clashed her saber with this Kylo Ren, and used what little energy she has left to fight him with everything she has. After all, she is still a Jedi and Jedi fight with their life to protect the galaxy. 24 hours earlier Nym walked the halls to the training room. The walk is quiet, with the exception of her boots scraping the floor with every step. Ben is going to meet with her there. Ever since she arrived to Luke's Jedi Temple, she's befriended Ben Solo who has become her closest friend. He is also her number one partner to train with. The other trainees are too easy of a match, but she discovered quickly that Ben is true competition, and a really good friend. She entered the training room to find it empty. After dinner hours are hours usually spent socializing with their peers, Nym never found satisfaction in that. Neither did Ben, which is why almost every night after dinner they train together. It makes it no surprise that she and Ben are the top of their class. It's also no surprise that he is late. Just as she thought it, the training doors opened and in walked the one and only. "Took you long enough," she teased and took out her lightsaber. "I was beginning to think you have finally given up trying to beat me." Ben smirked at her, igniting his own lightsaber. "You never beat me," he stated. Nym shrugged. "I will one day, you wait and see," she said with a smile and then attacked him with her saber. Ben easily blocked her blow. "And I'm only one minute late," He added, and then swung at her. Nym dodged it by jumping to the side. She swung at him then, from that vantage point he is unprotected, but Ben is fast and he was quickly turned around with his lightsaber clashing hers just before she scraped him. "But you know what Master Luke says about tardiness," She commented. Ben pushed her back with the force of his lightsaber. Their sabers disentangled, and they stood staring at each other. "I don't care what he says," Ben said with a scowl. Nym looked at him sadly. "But you need to care, especially if you want to become a Knight." Ben stared at his feet, scowl still firmly set in place on his lips. Nym always worried about Ben and his attitude towards Master Luke and the Jedi. It is not the Jedi way to be so bitter. She wonders, not for the first time, what his meditation sessions are like with their Master. Ben excels at everything but his control over his feelings. It is a dangerous thing to be terrible at, but for some reason Ben can never get a handle on them. Nym can always feel him. It's not based on their friendly connection, it's more from the strength of his feelings. His connection with the Force is strong, maybe even stronger than Nyms, and because of that Bens emotions radiate off of him. Half the time, Nym finds herself throwing up her mental shields so she doesn't get effected by him. "I don't need him to become a Knight." He said to her. He gripped his lightsaber more tightly in his grasp. Nym switched off her lightsaber and approached Ben. She tucked a finger under his chin and forced his head up to look at her. It wasn't very far, considering he is taller than she is. "Yes, you do. We do." She said to him gently. She thought for a moment, and decided to say something that will reach him on his emotional level. It's a dangerous course to go down, and important that she word it carefully. "You're Grandfather needed a Master, right?" Ben stared at her intently then, a sudden change in his eyes made Nym feel like she said the wrong thing, but his words contradicted her feelings. "Yes, that is right." He placed his free hand on her cheek and moved his lips to her forehead, placing a soft kiss there. "Thank you." He said, latching their foreheads together for a moment before breaking off. "Shall we continue our battle?" He questioned with a smile. Nym sighed, nervous and content that she has Ben back. She ignited her saber once more. "We shall." Chapter 2 : A Knight to be Nym woke up the next morning with an ache in her gut, and she immediately knew why. In the back of her mind, she is questioning her words to Ben about his grandfather. Ben always goes on and on about him, mostly about his triumphs as a Sith rather than a Jedi. It's like he is proud to be related to someone who once held the power of the Dark Side. Nym knows there is something wrong with this, but she doesn't have enough information to do anything with it. It's not uncommon for someone to love their family and constantly talk about them. When Ben goes to a place in his mind that aggravates him, Nym knows only one way to pull him back. Mention his grandfather. She doesn't like it, but she feels it is the only way to keep him from becoming too lost in his mind. Nym sat up in her bed and rubbed her hands down her face. There is only one thing that will distract her from this predicament. Nym climbed from her bed and dressed in her usual champagne color robes. She pulled on her combat boots, and wrapped her black belt around her waist. She completed the dressing with latching her lightsaber to the belt. In the mirror, Nym looks exhausted. Dark bags sat under her eyes, and there is a crease on her cheek bone from her face laying against the seam in her pillow. Nym scowled at her pale self, and got to fixing up her long, strawberry-blonde hair. It is the same everyday--pulled back into a ponytail with a small braid spiraling down around it. Just before the base of the ponytail sat three smaller, less noticeable, braids. It gives an accent that Nym likes, although they are not visible from the front. She walked the halls distractedly. Nym received greetings from fellow trainees and friends but all she managed back was a mumbled hello . The further she walked, the less Jedi she passed and the more pilots she saw. Crossing through the double-doors to the spaceport hangar, she immediately sees C-3PO and General Organa standing at the center. She approached the two of them quickly and was immediately greeted by them both. The General didn't give her a chance to respond. "I was actually about to send for you," she started. "I have a mission for a few of my Starpilots but their ships need to be inspected, one even needs a repair." "What's wrong with it?" Nym asked, in her full mechanic mode. "It's having trouble jumping to lightspeed." Nym nodded. "When do you need them completed?" "By tonight if you can. I understand Luke set up for a Jedi meeting this afternoon." This is the first Nym is hearing about this. However, she didn't bother to check the message board on her way over. "Shouldn't be a problem." Nym said with a smile. Repairing ships is like a second nature to her, she will have this done in no time. The General smiled at her and placed a hand on her arm. "I knew I could count on you." She said and walked off. Threepio remained in place. "I am to assist you." He said to her. "No R2?" Nym questioned with a frown. "Master Luke needed him for other operations that I am not at liberty to say." Nym kept the frown on her face, but didn't question it. It is her Master, after all. He must have some important things to tend to that require his droid. She simply shrugged at Threepio. "Alright, let's get to work then. Which portstops are we looking at?" "A-1, two and three." Threepio answered, turning to face said portstops. Nym nodded and guided them over to the first X-Wing ship that is located just behind her and to the right. "Which is the one with the accelerator problem?" She asked him as she started going through her rounds of inspection. "Oh that would be A-3." Threepio answered. "Will you be needing the clipboard?" "No, I've done this enough times to know it by memory." She said without looking at him. The clipboard is the checklist most mechanics use to make sure they are inspecting all the proper parts on the ship. Nym has no need for it. She has been studying ships since she was eight, and repairing them for the past ten years she has been here. Nym went to General Organa when she first arrived to the temple at age thirteen. She explained her past studies, and requested if she could work with the ships on the side. The General agreed, and had Nym train for a year with their top mechanic. She learned quickly, and is now able to work freely. Usually Nym pops in whenever she pleases, and sometimes the General needs extra hands, but really the ships are Nyms hobby. Her primary concern is her Jedi training. "May I get you anything?" Threepio inquired as Nym climbed the ladder to the cockpit. "Not at the moment, thank you." She said distractedly as she ran through the systematics of the ships numbers. Everything appears alright with this one. As she was finishing up with A-1 by checking for rusting on its belly, there was a landing of X-Wing ships on the tarmac outside. They are lined up in their proper portstops, and Nym could see the top hatches open to reveal their pilots. With all the times she's worked in the spaceport, she has never known the pilots whose ships she is fixing up. She's never cared about that, and apparently neither did they. Nym was beginning her inspection of A-2 when she heard some beeping and threepio respond. "Yes it is nice to see you too, and in one piece." Nym looked over her shoulder to see a little orange and white ball of a droid speaking with threepio. It must belong to one of the pilots that just came in. Nym ignored the droids as she worked, a bit too caught up in her thoughts to jump into the conversation. She can't help but wonder why Master Luke has set up a meeting this afternoon. That usually only happens when someone is graduating to the rank of Knight, or if there is a special mission that he created to test us further. If it is the latter, Nym would be pleased. She is always excited to find a way to impress her Master and to compete with Ben in a new way. However if it is the former, like she is suspecting, then she is worried. No one has been Knighted for several months, and each time Ben does not move up he becomes angry. The last time someone moved up, Ben went ballistic. The Force was haywire with anger, most of the younglings ran from the room. Master Luke dismissed everyone when that happened. Nym stayed because she felt she would be the only one who could calm him. It didn't work. Master Luke stood quietly and patiently as Ben yelled and threw things with the Force. Nym couldn't help but think he is only giving a good example of why he wasn't Knighted. By then, Bens mother came in. One of the others must have went to get her and explain what happened. The General tried to speak with her son but he only grew more angry and stomped from the room. Nym broke the short silence by clearing her throat and speaking up. "Is there anything I can do?" She had asked. "No," Master Luke said in his quiet tone, and walked up to her to place a hand on her shoulder. "Get some rest, tomorrow will be a long day." Nym only nodded and bowed to them both, taking her exit. She peaked over her shoulder to see the General hugging her brother. As she left, she felt the trouble within the Force and knew she wouldn't sleep that night. The following day she had to fight hard to keep her eyes open during their day of combat training. "Hello there!" Someone called out, making Nym jump slightly and almost drop the rusted panel she is replacing. "Sorry, I didn't mean to scare you." He said. Nym looked over to him and glared. "You didn't scare me." She said, inspecting him. He's clearly a pilot based on his orange jumpsuit, his hair is dark and messy, skin heavily tan, and eyes bright with the smile he is giving her. "No clearly not." He said amused. "Would you like some help with that?" He asked her, gesturing to the large panel in her arms. "No I got it." She said and carried the panel to the back of the ship and into the trash bins they kept against that wall. When she came back over, the man is standing where she once was. "What is a Jedi doing repairing a ship?" He asked with a sincere frown. From her distance now, she could see his eyes are dark brown and there are age lines beside his eyes and mouth. However he couldn't be more than thirty. "Do you have a problem with that?" She asked defensively, crossing her arms. The man smiled again. "No, not at all. It's quite impressive." Just as she was about to make another sarcastic response, someone called to him from the Temple doors. "Poe, we need to go! The General needs us." Poe looked back at Nym. "Duty calls." He said. "Poe Dameron." He introduced himself and held out his hand. Hesitantly, Nym took it. "Nym Faely." She said. "Well, Nym, it's been a pleasure to meet you. I hope to see you here again." He said and winked at her. Nym raised her eyebrow, slightly amused, and watched him leave. The little orange droid rolled after him. Nym looked at Threepio, and he looked at her. "Would you mind finding me another stainless, 0992 panel?" She asked him. "Right away, Madame Nym." He said and scurried off. Nym shook her head, smiling to herself. She never expects to see that guy again, but she decided immediately that she likes him. It's like how she and Ben initially met. Immediately they became best friends within their first conversation. Threepio returned shortly with the panel, and Nym was back to work. -- Nym finished just in time for the meeting. She walked the halls towards the Jedi common room and had just made it in time before Master Luke welcomed them all. Looking around, she found Ben standing off to the side and made her way towards him. As she walked through the crowd, Nym found herself amazed at the amount of Padawans here. It's not the first time that Nym wonders how one Master could successfully train over twenty Force users. She supposes that's why everyone is always on such a tight schedule, and why they also receive much free time. Given that there are Padawans of all ages, and that they all arrived at different times, there are different levels of learning. That keeps them all on strict schedules throughout the week, however Master Luke always seems to have the time for them, time for himself, and time to go out and seek more Force Sensitives. Nym stood just behind Ben, but beside him enough for him to notice her. She took his hand and squeezed it reassuringly. She could already feel his unease about this meeting, which equally matches her own. He squeezed his hand back, and didn't let go. "Thank you all for being here," Master Luke began. "I understand today is our day of meditation so I will get to the point. I am here to Knight two of you." Just as Nym suspected. She couldn't help the jump her heart made, with both excitement and nervousness. She is not sure that she is ready to be a Knight, however she knows that Ben is long over due given how long he has been a Padawan. Except Nym knows time does not matter in this case, but progress does. Has Ben made progress since the last Knighting? That's between Ben and Master Luke. She is extremely nervous that the answer is no. She felt Ben squeeze her hand tightly, not relieving the pressure this time. "With that being said, I would like to congratulate Agatha Tenscy and Nym Faely." Nyms heart dropped as everyone erupted with applause for the two of them. She stared wide eyed at Master Luke, who stared back at her. From the corner of her eye, she could see Agatha laughing and hugging her friends. Nym felt people patting herself on the back. But none of that mattered because beside her, Ben has not moved a muscle. Master Luke spoke again, "Now, you can all continue with your day. And may the Force be with you." He said as a dismissal to them all. Ben was the first one out of the room, ripping his hand from her own and leaving a whole in her stomach. Nym is an official Jedi Knight now, how is this possible? Everyone left the room but only Nym and her Master remained. The silence stretched on, and Nym couldn't stop looking at the floor. "What is troubling you?" Master Luke asked her. Broken from her trance, Nym looked up to find him standing before her. "Why?" Is all she found she could say. He gave her a sad smile. "You are ready." He stated simply. "No," she shook her head. "I can't be." "Search your feelings, Nym." Nym sighed and found herself staring off to a spot on his shoulder, not really seeing it. "I can't be before Ben. He will hate me." Master Luke was quiet for a moment, studying her. "If you are sure he will hate you then you understand why he is not a Knight." Nym looked up to him sadly. "Yes," she said to him. Master Luke moved to pace around the room, moving in no particular pattern. "You have a strong bond with my nephew, Nym. Stronger than anyone else on this planet. So you must forgive me that I assume you can feel the darkness inside of him." Nym was taken aback. She wasn't expecting him to say that to her, let alone to anyone. It is not something she has ever spoken about, or even thought about. She felt that if she avoided the thoughts then maybe it wouldn't ever happen, but... "You don't think he-" "It is for Ben to decide," Master Luke cut her off. "No, he can't. He couldn't." She said in denial. Master Luke looked at her, distraught highlighting his features. "I do not know what path he will choose to go down." Nym rubbed her hands up and down her face. "What are we suppose to do?" She whispered to him. Master Luke stood before her once more. "Now, I will carry on with my day. And you will do the same with yours." "That's it?" She questioned harshly. Then just as suddenly she realized her tone. "Forgive me, Master. I don't mean to sound so-" "I understand." He cut her off. "The most I can tell you is to meditate, and release these confused emotions to the Force. Let it guide you. You will have several missions ahead of you, focus on them. Your life is about to change, Nym." He smiled at her, and placed his hand on her shoulder comfortingly. Nym sighed and tried to channel the Force. It's unnervingly calm, but she tried to focus on her and finding a content calmness within it. Finally she said, "Yes Master." "Good," he said and removed his hand from her. "May the Force be with you, Nym." She bowed, and smiled softly. "And to you, Master." She turned around and left out the double-doors. As she walked back to her room, she couldn't shake the unnerving feeling that this is goodbye. Chapter 3 : Lost Souls Nym left a message on Bens holocom. It's the best she can do to try and get a hold of him without pushing herself onto him too much. She tried very hard to not think about what Master Luke said to her today, but it still sat at the back of her mind. Ben is her best friend, the only one she has ever really known. She hurts for him, and she hurts thinking that he may hate her. She spent the rest of the afternoon meditating. She received several messages from fellow Padawans congratulating her, and even one from General Organa saying she felt it was only a matter of time. How could everyone see this coming except for herself? Nym could hear the rain begin to fall outside. It's suiting with her mood. She's upset she can't be excited for herself, and begins to wonder if something is wrong with her. Nym untied her hair, and let it fall against her shoulders and back. She considered changing clothes for dinner, but decided against it. She has to at least look the part she has been given. No Jedi Knight goes out in their pajamas even if it is just in the Temple. The dining hall is more lively than usual. All the Padawans spoke loudly, and more laughs could be heard radiating throughout the room. Nym sat alone with her food, very aware that Ben is not anywhere to be found. She wasn't alone for long though, because suddenly Poe Dameron is sitting in front of her chewing an apple. "Hey there, pretty girl." He says to her with a smile. She raised an eyebrow at him, ignoring his nickname for her. "What are you doing here?" She asked. "Don't the pilots have their own dining hall to eat in?" It's a rhetorical question, of course. The pilots have their own separate section of the Temple near the spaceport hangar. It looks much like the Jedi portion, except it's a bit smaller. Pilots come and go too often to have a large space for them. "Yes, but I wanted to say congratulations." Nym smiled tightly. "Word travels fast. I wasn't expecting any of the pilots to care about Jedi affairs." "They don't," Poe stated. "But I do." "And why's that?" She asked, blowing on a spoon full of soup. "Because you're one of them." She looked up at him with her eyes, freezing her movements. He was staring at her with a small smile. Nym set her spoon back into the bowl. "What do you want?" She asked him, sincerely confused. Poe stared at her for a moment, almost examining her like he himself is wondering what he wants. However she knows that is not the case. "To get to know you better." He answered her. "What for?" She questioned him. He took a bite of his apple and chewed it casually. "I'm curious about you." Nym scoffed at that. "There isn't anything worth wondering about." Poe tilted his head. "I disagree." Nym thought about this. It is dangerous for her to get involved with someone, especially when she is now a Knight that will go out on missions with the possibility of not returning. This is not to mention the pain she is already going through with her best friend. Relationships are dangerous, she shouldn't have any with anyone. The only relationship that should matter is hers with the Force. "I-" Nym started to turn him down but stopped abruptly as a scream came from down the hall. It was silenced suddenly. She could hear blasters going off, and the dining hall grew more and more silent. The building shook as a loud sound rumbled the air and walls. It was the sound of an explosion. Nym knew exactly what was happening. "Oh Kriff," she whispered to herself in painful shock. Her heart beat erratically with fear and sadness. An explosion that large meant people had to have died, and with that close proximity, they are next. It is no question who is the person behind it as well. "That sounded like it came from the spaceport." Poe stated with wide eyes. The sound of blasters grew closer. "Go there." She said to him urgently. "What? I'm not-" "Go get help," She cut him off. "See if you can find a ship to get us out of here. Check on your friends. He won't hit the same place twice. You'll be fine." "He who?" Poe questioned, standing up as Nym did. "and it's not my safety i'm concerned about." It was Agatha that pulled Nym from her conversation. "Everyone stay here!" She announced and ran for the door. "Please trust me." She said to Poe in a last ditch effort, and then ran for Agatha. "Agatha don't!" Nym dove at Agatha and pulled her by her waist away from the door. "What are you doing?" She struggled in her grasp and Nym let her break free. "We need to get everyone out of here now." Nym said to her. "We don't have time-" Suddenly the lights were cut off in the dining hall. The younglings could be heard crying. A few of the other Jedi Padawans were up and ready for a fight. Nym looked over to where Poe once was, he is no where to be found. Nym felt thankful that Poe actually listened to her. "I told you." Agatha said to Nym. The sound of a lightsaber could be heard growing louder and louder as it approached. They could first see the tip of the red saber come into view, then the middle, and finally the saber became fully exposed as well as the man guiding it. Much to Nyms despair, there stood Ben. His eyes are dark and face void of emotion. His robes are black as the night, and his fiery saber is intimidating with the additional small beams coming out of the sides of it. It's unlike anything Nym has ever seen before. "Ben Solo?" Agatha questioned beside her with a frown. Shock clear in her tone. Not even a second later, Agatha was Force pushed across the room and into the far wall. Her body fell to the floor, lifelessly. Several imperial troopers entered the room and blocked off the other entrances. "Ben Solo is dead," his voice is low and calm, it was eerie and sent a shiver down Nyms spine. "My name is Kylo Ren." Nym could only stare at the man with her heart breaking a thousand pieces for him. She called to the Force to give her the strength she needs to handle this, and even fight her way out if she has to. Behind her, Nym could hear lightsabers ignite. Her fellow Padawans prepared to fight for their lives. Kylo smiled at them. He took a step towards them but Nym followed his step and held her hand up to him. "Ben look at me," she whispered. "This isn't you." He looked down at her. "Is it not? All those times you've reminded me of my grandfather, how can you stand there and tell me this is not who I am?" He glared at her then, swinging his lightsaber around his hand. "Move, Nym." She shook her head. "No," she stated sternly. "I don't want to have to hurt you." "It's too late for that," she whispered. Kylo stared at her, a frown between his brows. "If you don't move, I will make you." He said harshly. Nym stood her ground, eyes shining with unshed tears. "So be it." He said and Force pushed her to the side of the room. Nym flew across and smacked against the wall like Agatha. Black dots painted her vision but luckily it wasn't much of a distance and she didn't hit the wall hard enough to pass out. However, Nym struggled to get off of the floor. Her head hit the wall hard, and it's causing the room to spin and her head to ache. She could hear sabers clashing as Kylo attacked the rest of the Jedi. Nym could hear one by one as each went down, and took notice as the sound of sabers connecting lessened. She could still hear the faint sounds of crying children. At this, Nym tried very hard to stand, and when she successfully did, she was too late. Kylo Force pulled the ceiling down on the remaining children, taking more ceiling than he must have intended. The children were only at one corner of the room, but half of the dining halls ceiling is gone. The floor shook as it came down, knocking Nym to the ground once more. She struggled to dodge falling debris around her, and succeeded just barely. The air filled with dusty smoke, the rain came in through the missing ceiling. Nym became very aware that it's dark. The dust did little to help her see what is around her. It burned her eyes and throat. She tried very hard not to cough, in fear that the newfound Sith Lord will hear her and come finish her off. But wouldn't it be better that way? All the other Jedi are dead now, maybe he should just finish the job. Nym couldn't help the cough that bubbled up, and the pounding in her head as she did. She continued to cough, her head continued to pound in time with it. She's exposed that she is still alive now, and it didn't take long for Kylo to notice. "Get up." He said to her. Everything is still blurry, all she can see is the glowing saber in the near distance. She's frozen staring at it. Mostly because she isn't sure if she could stand, partly because she isn't sure she wants to. "I said get up." He suddenly Force pulled her to her feet. Nym wabbled a bit, head still spinning from the wall. "Take out your lightsaber." He demanded her. She wasn't sure why she listened, she has no desire to do what this man tells her... but she also has no desire to let him win either. So, she took hold of her lightsaber and ignited it. The green glow is the only source of light she has, and she stared at it, wondering if she is really going to kill the man in front of her. But she has no choice as the man she once knew came at her with his blade. Instincts took over, Nym clashed her saber with this Kylo Ren and used what little energy she has left to fight him with everything she has. After all, she is still a Jedi and Jedi fight with their life to protect the galaxy. Nym moved quickly to block the blows that Kylo swung at her. He is fast, and if this ends up anything like how their training always did, Nym will not leave here alive. To keep herself from staying backed up to the wall, Nym Force jumped to the right and into the rain and rubble. She could see better now, and could tell that Kylo is following her. He stood before her on top of a shaky concrete block. "I don't want to kill you." He said. The rain soaked his hair down, making it longer than it actually is. His clothing appeared darker with the wetness of it, it almost looked like armor with the way it gripped to his frame and shined with the water. Nym could feel her own clothes and hair grow heavier with the weight of the falling rain. Nym scoffed at Kylos ridiculous statement. "Clearly." "Join me, Nym." Nym stared wide eyed. "What?" "Join me in the First Order. We can be together, working side by side like we've always wanted. The two best friends running the galaxy together. Together, we will be undefeated." Nym couldn't believe what she is hearing. "No," she shook her head, completely distraught. Kylo stared emotionlessly at her. "No." he stated, more than questioned. "I thought I could rely on you Nym." His voice sounded an octave lower. Nym closed her eyes a moment, tears now falling freely down her face, joining the rain. "I thought I could do the same." She said looking at him sadly. "You can." He reassured. "No, not anymore." She said to him, and gripped her saber more tightly at her side. Kylos face turned to stone. "If that is what you wish." He said to her, and gave her no chance to respond before he came at her again with a vengeance. His saber clashed harshly with hers. It took everything Nym had not to fall backwards with the power behind it. He came at her again and again, she blocked his every move. She struggled to stay on her feet, given how slippery and uneven the concrete is. Her hair stuck to her face from the rain, and she suddenly realized how cold it is. Each drop that fell on her skin felt like it was stabbing her, much like that lightsaber will if she doesn't get out of here. Nym took a risk. Kylo came at her quickly from below, too quickly to dodge, so instead she went at him from above. She was fast enough to slice him first, but it was not enough to avoid a blow completely. They both yelled out in pain, Kylo more so, given his injury was much more accurately administered. He swayed on his feet, blinking several times to keep from blacking out. Nym could see the blood where she gashed him across the chest, it's deep. If she were an inch closer, she could have killed him instantly. Instead, he still stood upright trying to regain his stamina to fight her. Nym felt the pain in her right hip, and the warmth of the blood trickling down her skin. She couldn't help but think that she wouldn't be alive right now if she hadn't interrupted Kylos aim by slicing him. Kylo regained his balance, and glared heavily at Nym. He raised his saber again, and swung at her. He fought to stay awake, and fought to not lose to her. Nym blocked each attack easily. She tried to stay off her right side, to avoid losing more blood. It didn't work. Nym kept moving backwards as Kylo pressed forward in his attack on her. Her right foot failed her, and she slipped on the wet concrete. Nym fell into the rocky pile, her lightsaber clattering to the ground a distance away from her and powering itself down. Nym stared at the tip of the red saber pointing to her face. "You should've joined me," he said to her weakly. His breaths are heavy, and his saber shook in time with the hand holding it. Without hesitation, he pulled back his saber, and swung downwards. Before the saber reached its target, a blaster shot at him. It shot again and again until Kylo was being forced backwards away from Nym. Nym looked behind her to see an X-Wing ship shooting at him. Behind that, the Generals ship landed and she heard someone call out to her. Nym ran with a struggle, while the X-wing continued to shoot at Kylo. Once she was on solid ground again, she turned and reached her hand out for her lightsaber. It was in her hand in a flash, and she ran for the cruiser. The second her feet hit that ramp, and the roof was over her head, Nym was on the floor and everything went black. Chapter 4 : Light and Dark Nym awoke to a bright room, and the smell of chemicals. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust and see what is around her. She is in a medical ward, with white walls and machines all around her. She is alone. Nym didn't mind that. It gives her a second to process what has happened since she blacked out. She remembers her head hitting a wall, and her hip getting sliced. Looking down, she can see that her side is wrapped cleanly. She brought her hand up to her head to feel that they did not bandage it. So her head injury is not too severe. She remembered blacking out, familiar faces surrounding her. Thinking further back she recalled watching her friends die. All the Jedi. They're gone. Nym couldn't help but constantly remind herself that it was her best friend that did this all. The door opened to Nyms room and in walked a Medical droid, as well as General Leia. She smiled when she saw that Nym is awake. "How are you feeling?" She asked as she approached her bedside. "Never been better." She said sarcastically. The General didn't appreciate that so much. "What's happened? Who did this?" She asked her urgently. Nym stared at her. "You don't already know?" "Everyone that was there is dead." Nym paused at that, if she means everyone everyone, then that includes those who fled the scene as well. "Poe," she whispered aloud, not realizing it. "Poe Dameron? He is alright. He keeps asking about you." Nym ignored that and jumped straight to it. "It was Ben." Nym said, eyes shining with sadness. "It was your son." She specified, although it didn't really need clarification. The Generals face fell, turning gravely and firm all at once. It made her look older than she is. But that's what loss does to someone, it breaks them, ages them, destroys their happiness. Especially when it's your child. "He goes by Kylo Ren now." Nym continued. The General hasn't spoken a word. "Where is Master Luke?" Nym asked her, suddenly thinking of his words about Ben the previous day. She has to see what they are meant to do now. "He's gone." She said. Nyms heart almost stopped at those words. At the look of worry and panic on Nyms face, the General clarified. "Some of the fleeing pilots saw Luke take off in his ship. We haven't heard from him since then." "He ran ?" Nym questioned angrily. He is the only person who can truly help, and even stop Kylo Ren, but he decides to run ? General Organa said nothing to that. The door opened once more, and there stood C-3PO. He wandered inside towards the two of them while the General spoke, "We are having a meeting in an hour, I would like for you to attend." She said. "If you're feeling up for it." "Of course." Nym said without hesitation. "Good. Threepio will show you to your room. You will find your robes there, clean and sewn back up, along with your lightsaber." Nym nodded. "Thank you." She said to her and the General left the room. "Would you like some help, Madame Nym?" Threepio offered his arm as she tried to sit up, she took it gratefully, feeling physically weak. Getting thrown against a wall will do that to you , she thought to herself. It feels like she is bruised along her left side. "How long have I been out?" She asked him. "About eight hours and forty three minutes. You slept through the night, and the travel. We only arrived a few hours ago." Threepio guided her through the hallways, it looked different from the Temple. This place is dark, and more cold. Unlike the Temple which is warm and comforting with the flowing Force. "Where are we?" "The Resistance Base in the Ileenium system." He answered. "Ileenium system," Nym stated more than questioned. She is on a completely different side of the Galaxy. No wonder they only just arrived. "Ah, here we are." Threepio stopped outside of a metal door. Pressing a button on the side of it, the door opened for them. Nym walked inside and found a bed with her clothing on it, a dresser and a side table. Towards the back and to the right is another door leading to her personal bathroom. "We are gathering in the mess hall in about thirty minutes. Take a right out of this room, take the hall all the way down and turn left, you will be there." Threepio explained the directions. She smiled at him. "Thank you." She said. "Is my pleasure, Madame Nym." Threepio said and bowed to her before walking out and closing the door behind him. Nym stared at the closed door, and then at her clean clothing on the bed. Her lightsaber sat just next to it. It taunted her, bringing back images of green and red clashing together. It made her think of her friends, the ones brutally murdered by the man she once called a friend. But that's not him anymore. Ben Solo is dead, Kylo Ren is a monster. Nym felt the tears fall down her cheeks. Her heart raced as she relived everything that happened the previous night, and as she relived all the happy memories she has of her and Ben. Frustrated, Nym ran at her clothing and lightsaber and shoved it off the bed. They flew across the room and hit the dresser on the far side. Nym fell to her knees before her bed, sobs taking over her body. She gripped the sheets on the bed tightly, her face pressed against them, and they soaked up the wetness on her cheeks. Everything she has ever known is gone. She's the only one left. She's the last Jedi. If the Resistance plans to rely on her to restore balance, then they are doomed. Nym can't do it, she's not strong enough. She can't kill him. -- Nym showered quickly and dressed before she headed to the meeting. She barely had enough time to do so, considering she spent most of her time on the floor lost in her head. Her hair is still damp on her back as she walked through the doors. Her heart pounded at the sight before her. Several Resistance fighters and pilots sat in a circle around a hologram of the Jedi temple, and the side that has fallen. She wondered if she was late, perhaps it's a Resistance custom to be early. Maybe she doesn't care. Nym walked forward and stood in front of it, staring at it. General Organa stood at the opposite end of her. Nym didn't realize it was quiet until she looked to the General, who was staring at her. "How are you feeling?" She asked her, concern etching her features. "Fine," she lied smoothly. Too smoothly for a supposed Jedi Knight. "Can you explain to everyone here what happened?" The General requested of her. Nym nodded, looking down to her hands. She swallowed dryly. How is she suppose to explain this without breaking down? "I was at dinner, with the rest of the Jedi in the Temple. We heard an explosion that shook the floor and ceiling. Storm troops rushed into the dining hall and locked us in. We heard blasters go off and suddenly he was standing right there. Agatha was the first to try and stop him, then the others, then he tore the ceiling down with the Force and killed the children." Nym paused there, trying to collect her thoughts and feelings. "He fought me, said he wouldn't kill me because he wants me to join him. I refused, and he tried to kill me but then you all showed up." Nym gestured to General Leia. "Why you?" Someone demanded suddenly. "Who is this person?" Nym looked at the General then, who looked at back at her with a stone face. Nym decided to spit it out to get it over with. "Ben Solo. We were training partners and friends at the Temple." People whispered amongst themselves, shocked at this revelation. Nym couldn't take it. "He calls himself Kylo Ren now." "How do we know you can be trusted?" The same person asked her. "It's rather convenient that out of all the Jedi he left you, his friend ." She spat at her. "That's enough," the General cut in. "I will not tolerate accusations here." Everyone was silent. Even Nym. She couldn't even think of the first way to defend herself. That person is right, and if Nym were in her position then she would question that persons loyalty too. Nym stared at her feet, unable to face anyone in the room. It was the General who spoke up. "This is not the time for allying against one another. If we are to take out the First Order, and find Luke, then we need to work together." "That's the job for the Jedi." A pilot mumbled out. "Except they are all dead," another said. "Not all of them," spoke a familiar voice. Nym looked over to see Poe Dameron staring at her. "We still have one." He said without breaking eye contact. "Mr. Dameron is right." General Organa said, and looked to Nym who stared back shyly. She hoped this wouldn't happen, but it did. "You are our last Jedi. Our last connection to the Force, and to Luke." The General almost pleaded with her. She turned to address everyone. "This is also a team effort, like it always has been. We will need to work together to win this." The General went on about a plan to try and get together information. They are limited on what they can do and how to do it, based on what little is known. Unfortunately, they may have to wait for Kylo Ren to resurface again before they can gain any real knowledge on the situation. Once that happens, the General made it clear that Nym will be sent in when the timing is right. That is for both going after Luke, and taking out Kylo Ren. Nym felt sick as she left the room. The last thing she wants to do is fight her previous best friend, go after her MIA Master who she is furious with, and to have to wait for all of it to happen. She made it back to her room quickly. The last thing she wants is to be caught by someone after the meeting and actually want to talk to her about what happened, or is about to happen. She needs time for herself. She needs to meditate, or sleep. She can't decide. She'll probably do both. Nym laid on her bed and closed her eyes. She decided to start out with meditation. Perhaps she will find some answers within the Force, hopefully she will find some serenity in it. It is not the Jedi way to be so upset with her Master, and be so hurt with the loss of her best friend. She needs to release it to the Force. That is how she will find the peace and strength to move forward. Chapter 5 : Nice to Meet You Nym fell asleep half way through her meditation. She found that it was easy to release her anger on her current situation, but not the pain at the loss of a friend. Maybe if she hadn't fallen asleep, she could fix that. Or maybe it's not something the Force can help her with. Nym heard a knock on her door. She unintentionally glared at it, and wished that person would go away. The last thing she needs is someone giving her sad or angry eyes. She's all alone now, so just let her be alone. "Nym?" A familiar voice called out. "Are you in there?" Nym frowned. The voice is Poe Damerons. She stood up and walked over to the door, unlocking it and letting it slide open. Poe smiled softly, relief in his eyes. "Hi," he said. She blinked at him. "Hi," She responded, confused. What is he doing here ? "How are you feeling?" He asked, ignoring her tone. "How do you think?" She snapped. Great, so he's here to give her sympathy. Nym refused to look at him, fearful that he is looking at her with pity. "Come to dinner with me," He blurted out. Shock coursed through Nym, yet somehow the only thing she could mange to say is, "I'm not hungry," and walked back to her bed to sit down. Her thoughts are still consuming her from last night, effecting her emotions in the process. Typically her shock would show through, and maybe she'd ask him if it was a date, but all she could do is sit and stare at the floor. Poe followed her inside, door shutting behind him. "You can't go without food, Nym." She looked up at him and didn't realize she was pouting until Poe smiled at her. "Stop that," she said to him. "Stop what?" He asked, still smiling. "Smiling at me." "You're too pretty not to smile at." He commented smoothly. Nym forced back the sudden blush that crept up to her cheeks. She shook her head and stood up, standing directly in front of him. All previous thoughts of Ben and the Temple lost to her. "You think you're so clever don't you?" "Actually yes," "That was a rhetorical question." She said to him with raised eyebrows. "Then maybe it was a rhetorical answer." "That's not how it works." She smirked. "Then tell me how it works, with dinner." Nym sighed, feeling defeated. She's had enough fighting for one day. "Yes, alright." She said and ushered him towards the door. She definitely wouldn't admit she said yes because he is too cute and charming to say no to. The two walked together in silence. Nym wasn't sure what to say. Whenever it became quiet enough, her thoughts kept drifting back the memories of the previous night. She becomes lost in her thoughts, and appears robotic to those around her. But Poe doesn't seem to mind, and knows exactly how to tear her mind away from them. "How's your hip?" He asked. It's a safe question to ask. It beats asking if she is overall okay, like earlier, which she isn't. However, her hip is doing just fine. "Alright, I can at least walk without trouble." She said and brushed her hand against her hip. The cut is in just the right place for her to feel it slightly as she walked. "The medical droid thinks I should stay in bed until I heal." "Then why don't you?" Poe asked with concern. "Well I was until this pilot talked me into dinner." Nym stated, slightly amused. Poe scoffed, a smile on his face. "Sounds like a lucky pilot," he said to her. Nyms cheeks reddened, much to Poes amusement. They reached the dining hall which is buzzing with life. Most of the room is filled with resistance fighters. "I see your pilots made it," she said to make conversation. She had seen them earlier at the meeting, but now she's able to comment on it. "Yes, my friend told me they saw the ship before the first explosion. They escaped to the back of the Temple, and informed the General of what was happening. Luckily she kept her ship within a close distance of herself." Nym nodded in confirmation. She suddenly wondered if she had just let Agatha run through those doors, if she could have saved the rest of the Jedi while Agatha distracted Kylo. Nym felt sick to her stomach at the thought. She could've saved them if she had sacrificed just one person, even if it would have been herself. "Hey," Poe grabbed her arm gently, trying to look at her. Poe noticed her skin pale and eyes drift off to somewhere else. He knew exactly what she was thinking. Now Nym wouldn't lift her face from the floor or uncross her arms from her stomach. Poe led them to an available bench and he sat beside her, straddling the bench so he can face her. "Don't do that to yourself." Nym frowned, pulled away from her thoughts. She looked over to him. "What?" She asked. "Don't blame yourself. It's not your fault." He assured her. "How is it not?" She whispered, eyes growing glassy. "I could've saved them if I had-" "If you what? Let that other Jedi run out the door? Kylo Ren would've destroyed her instantly. I heard what you said happened. If he can drop a ceiling on children then he can take out some girl instantly. You wouldn't have had time to save anyone." He explained. "I could've tried." She stated roughly, not looking at him. "You saved me." He said to her, and placed his hand on her shoulder. She looked at him again, this time her face is unreadable. When she didn't say anything Poe stood up. "What would you like for dinner? I'll grab it for you." Nym shrugged and got comfortable on the bench. She laid her head down on the table and used her arms to cushion it. She stared ahead blankly, but luckily she is not as pale as a few minutes earlier. "I can work with that," Poe stated with a small smile to himself. He wasn't just referring to her lack of appetite preference. When he returned, Nym had not moved. He placed her tray down next to her and she sat up and pulled the tray in front of her. She stared at it absently while Poe situated himself and his own tray of food beside her. "You have to eat something. Even just a little bit." He encouraged her. Nym proceeded by picking at some bread and taking small sips of water. Poe chowed down his food happily, speaking to some of his friends as they passed by. "How old are you?" Poe asked her once he neared the end of his food. "Twenty-three." She answered, taking another small bite of food. She nearly finished all the bread. "What's your favorite color?" "Green." She said. "Why are you asking all this?" "Because I want to get to know you more." He answered with sincerity. Nym turned to him then. "Is this a date?" She finally asked. Poe smiled, a glimmer in his eyes. "If you would like it to be." Nym narrowed her eyes at him. "Even after everything that's happened.." she trailed off not sure how to finish that sentence. "Still doesn't change my feelings for you." "And what feelings might those be?" She asked him. "Infatuation, curiosity, amazement," he trailed off, staring at her. She stared back without a response. "You know you have freckles all across your nose and cheeks." Poe smiled at her happily. Nym fought off a blush and looked back down to her food, her hair acting as a curtain to hide her face. "Come with me," he said to her and she looked at him with a frown. Poe stood up in response, took their trays to the compost, then came back for Nym. He took her hand and pulled her from the dining hall. He began to run down the halls, pulling her with him. At first Nym resisted with a frown, but it didn't take long for her to run with him and laugh as she did. "Come on keep up," he said to her, a smile on his face. Nym laughed and kept up with him, their hands still locked together. Poe led her to the spaceport, and released her hand. When they reached the mass clearing of ships all lined up, Nym stared in awe. It is much larger than the one at the Temple. Rows upon rows of ships sat idle, inside and out. Some mechanics and their droids were out there fixing them up. Nym instantly wanted to be one of them. As if reading her thoughts, Poe said to her, "I talked to General Organa. She said you're more than welcome to work with the mechanics here until we figure out our next move." Nym stared at him with glowing eyes. "You asked her for me?" Poe smiled small and looked away, appearing bashful. "I don't mean to impose, or jump to conclusions and all, but you seemed to enjoy yourself and knew what you were doing when I first met-" Poe was cut off by Nyms lips on his cheek. It was quick and gentle, but still left Poe speechless. "Thank you," She said to him with a smile. Her eyes are still glowing with excitement and happiness. "No big deal," Poe said, and cleared his throat. They both stood there nervously, unsure what to say or do now. To break the silence, Poe spoke up. "I should probably-" Poe began, shifting his body back towards the door leading inside. "Yeah yeah," Nym interrupted, already knowing what he's explaining. "I should too." She said nervously. Nym hasn't felt so giddy over someone since she was a child, long before Master Luke found her. She had a neighbor once that always picked a flower from the grass and gave it to her, he kissed her on the cheek and giggled about it. They were so young, it was all innocent acts, but at that age Nym felt it was the greatest thing in the world. Nym is back to that moment, but now she knows something could come of it. Poe walked her back to her room. Halfway there, Poe slipped his hand back into hers. Nym didn't react except tightening her fingers around his. Neither of them said a word until they reached her door. "If you need anything, I'm in Sector A, which is the area we just came from. A-7 to be exact." Poe said, rambling on a bit. "Right, and if you need anything, well I'll be right here." Nym rambled as well, blushing a bit at her silly response. Poe smiled to her. "Sweet dreams, Madame Nym. " He said and brought her hand up to his lips to kiss her knuckles gently. "And to you Mr. Dameron." She said before slipping into her room and closing the door. Chapter 6 : Risks Nym hardly slept, but at least she got some sleep. She rolled and flipped around in her bed, kicked the sheets off and pulled them back up, she dosed off then jolted awake. Even though Nym is safe and protected at the hidden base, she still feels like Kylo Ren will get to her. Mentally and physically. She relives the events of the awful night when everything turned for the worst. A red saber kept blinding her, the echoing of sabers clashing deafened her, and the pain of the gash in her hip weakening her. The following morning, Nyms side felt like it was on fire once again. She realized she must have strained the stitches in her restless sleep for them to be bleeding through the bandages. Nym walked to the infirmary in just her resting clothes. It wasn't a far distance, and she was glad to not run into anyone in the hallway. Inside, the medical droid fixed her up, and told her to be much more careful. It will take a few days to heal enough to remove them. After that, Nym went back to her room and prepared for the day. Not that she had any real plans, but after what she went through it's always good to be prepared. Nym found herself in the spaceport, helping out with the mechanics. She spent three long days doing this. General Organa still has nothing on Luke. Nym is becoming antsy. The only thing that kept Nym from going crazy is Poe. Every day he spent his time with her. He made sure she got in proper meals, he helped her in the spaceport which is where they spent most of their time. Nym found herself teaching him a thing or two about ships, and Poe taught her a few things about flying them. Nym has never flown a ship before, which is how she ended up in the pilots seat of an X-Wing. "I don't know about this, Poe." Nym said to him through the speaker. He sat in the ship beside her. "You'll be fine. Just remember what I taught you." Nym swallowed harshly, and nodded to herself. Poe started lifting off, and Nym followed suit a bit more shakily. Although it didn't show with the ship. The two of them flew together with no problem. Poe taught her the buttons as they flew, making it clear what to touch when, and what to not touch when they're only flying around the sky not in space. Nym started to feel more confident with her skills as they flew, but unfortunately Poe grew hungry for dinner so they landed and went to the dining hall together. Poe became Nyms good friend. They hug each other when excited, hold hands when they're about to say good night, and even give each other pecks on the cheek. Nym is wondering what is going on between the two of them. Those aren't just friendly gestures. If they were, she and Ben would have done them in all their years together, but they didn't. In a way, Nym is glad it hasn't progressed with Poe. If she wasn't already feeling guilty with all the Jedi dying, Luke disappearing, and Bens turn to the Dark Side, then she certainly does not need to feel guilty about breaking the Jedi Code by having an 'attachment.' Poe was walking Nym back to her room when General Organa found them. "Sorry to interrupt," she started. "But I have some good news." Nyms eyes widened, knowingly. "What of?" She asked, suddenly feeling like her Jedi-self. She released Poes hand and placed hers behind her back. It is her official Jedi stance that she picked up from Master Luke. "I have an old contact, rather Luke and I do. I spoke with him a day ago and he has some information he wants to share with me." Nym frowned in confusion. "What kind of information?" She asked. "A map," she paused looking back and forth between the two of them. "To Luke." "Just like that?" Nym scoffed skeptically. The General frowned at her. Nym looked at Poe who looked evenly confused. "He disappears and now he pops up to an old friend giving him a map to where he is located? It can't be that simple. There's got to be something more. Master Luke isn't that obvious, he'll be cryptic about it." The General listened intently and then slowly smiled at Nym. "I can now see why you're his favorite." She said, kindly. I'm his favorite ? Nym thought to herself in shock and disbelief. "I don't suspect to receive this map easily, nor do I expect it to lead directly to him. Which is why I'm only telling the two of you this. My most trusted pilot, and my brothers most trusted Knight." Nym blushed slightly and looked away from her. She felt sincere pride that Master Luke thought so highly of her. Poe spoke then, "You want us to go and retrieve it?" General Organa looked hesitant and Nym instantly knew why. All her joy about being Luke's favorite vanished as she realized the Generals intent. She tried very hard to keep the annoyance out of her voice. "No," she answered looking directly at the General. "She only wants you to go." She said, referring to Poe. "Why only me? She could be my back up if something goes wrong-" "If something goes wrong, then Nym could-" the General began. "Turn to the Dark Side?" Nym finished for her, this time not hiding her anger. It was ridiculous of her to think the General trusted her morality. Just beside her brother does, doesn't mean she will. "You think I'll follow your son down that path if we ever meet again?" General Organa sighed heavily. "It's a risk the others wouldn't want to take. We all agreed that we would give you the chance to rest after everything that has happened." "I'm well-rested thank you very much." Nym snapped. Neither of them said a word. "It's because the others are concerned I'll turn on all of you and reveal where this base is located." She gathered her thoughts out loud. "I'm sorry, Nym." The General tried to apologize. Nym walked past her heading to her room. "Me too." She mumbled, already knowing what she is about to do. -- It took a little time to gather the information she needed, but eventually Nym discovered when Poe is leaving and where to. Mostly it was learned when Poe came to her room to say goodbye. He mentioned where he is going, and Nym mentally catalogued it. Poe actually believed that she is staying behind. She supposes it's better that way. "I'll be back in a day or two, I promise." He said holding her cheek in his hand, his thumb brushing across her cheekbone. Nym nodded, grabbing him by the wrist. "Stay safe," she said to him. Poe kissed her on the forehead, and didn't look back as he left the room. Nym waited ten minutes until she followed him to the spaceport. She waited until he was in the air before she snuck into her own ship and took off. She input the coordinates, and made for the direction after Poe. Nym hasn't flown in space yet, but Poe explained everything rather clearly when he taught her. Nym made the jump to lightspeed. Her head flew back against the headrest, unprepared for the strength of it, and watched in awe as the stars around her turned into flying blurs. It was beautiful. It took some time before she reached her destination. She is making good time with Poe, keeping a decent distance away from him so he doesn't know she is following him. Nym landed on the dry planet of Jakku. She parked her ship next to Poes and got out. She feels happy to be back on two legs and stretched a bit, feeling her skin pull and limbs loosen up from it. It felt amazing. Nym walked into a village. Families are gathered together, and children ran around the land laughing. Nym immediately spotted BB-8 outside a tent keeping watch. The two of them caught sight of each other at the same time. Just as Nym expected, BB-8 was about to bolt into the tent to warn his pilot, but the sound of ships filled the air. All eyes turned to the sky as the imperial ships in the sky began to attack the village. Nym ran back to her ship and ducked down below some stones. She felt him there, she would have fought off the incoming storm troopers if she didn't. But he is there, and Nym immediately feels the need to leave and that this was a bad idea. But then she remembers Poe. Poe, who is running towards her with BB-8. He noticed her ship then and then stopped to turn around looking into the massacre for a familiar face. "Poe!" Nym called and waved him over. Poe ran for her ducking below the rocks with her. "What do you think you're doing?" He asked her, sincerely angry. "Being your back up," she said casually and nonchalantly. Poe gave her a look and Nym rolled her eyes. "Luke made me a Knight for a reason, I'm not going to let him down now when I'm the only one left he can rely on." She said angrily. Just then a ships blasters went off and both Poe and Nyms ship went up in flames. "Oh no," Nym mumbled as they watched in horror their only transportation going up in flames. Something happened then. Nym heard a voice, it's robotic sounding, but she knows who it belongs to. Slowly, she turned around and peaked over the mass of rocks. There he stood, the same black clothing as before, but now with a black shining helmet that covers the entirety of his head. Nym shuddered. "Where is it?" He asked the old man before him. The man refused to give away information. Nyms heart pounded as Kylo Ren was about to kill yet another person. But he stopped abruptly, he looked up, and then around him, and then in the direction of her. Her heart stopped. He knows she is here, better yet, he knows where she is hiding just by her presence. Suddenly, two imperial fighters had guns held to hers and Poes head. Nym noticed BB-8 is no where to be found. She can only hope that the little droid escaped with the information the resistance needs. The imperial fighters forced them up, and forward towards the man in black. Poe looked at her with a look she has never seen before, fear. And it's all her fault. If she hadn't shown up, he may have been able to escape and avoid this worry of both of their deaths. Instead, here they are standing before Kylo Ren, whose face never drifted from hers. "Nym Faely," he said in greeting. "I didn't expect this day to come so soon." He said to her. Nym didn't respond to him. She looked away, unable to look at the monster that devoured her friend. Kylo turned away from her to the man next to her. "Search him." Nym watched as Poe was patted down by two troopers. He struggled a bit, feeling uncomfortable, but allowed it to happen nonetheless. "Where is the map?" He questioned the two of them. Neither said a word. Kylo stared longer at Nym, she continued to look away. Poe continued to keep sending Kylo death glares. When Kylo noticed this, he slowly raised his hand and began to Force choke him. "Ben stop!" Nym broke free and flung herself at his arm. She took hold of his wrist, but Kylo just as quickly flipped his hand over and grabbed her wrist instead. He then reached out and took her no-longer-free arm. She expected her initial plan to work in her favor, now she is stuck in his hands grasps. "Ben is dead." He stated flatly. Nym stared up at him sadly. "No," she said gently, and surprisingly calm. "He's not." They stared at each other for a long while. Nym couldn't decide what he is thinking, the mask blocked everything from view. Before she was able to read his facial expressions, now he is unpredictable. Kylo released her forcefully. Nym stumbled backwards into two imperial fighters. "Take them to the ship," Kylo ordered them. "Destroy the village." Kylo demanded and turned away from them. "NO!" Nym shouted, struggling in the troopers grasp. Take her on the ship, fine. But kill the innocents of the village? Absolutely not. Nym fought and fought kicking and screaming until she disappeared into the ship. Nym was too distracted by the massacre happening to the village to notice Poe was taken elsewhere on the ship. Chapter 7 : The Pull of the Force Notes: Alright, it's official. School has begun, which means no promises for when this story will be updated. :( Also, I know it's not the greatest story ever written. Which is why I may go back and just clean up this story. It was originally written just so I could get the idea out of my head so it's basically the very first draft. I'll be able to go back and organize, add more, edit, etc, when I finish it and have more free time. Again, thank you all for reading!! xoxo Nym found herself strapped to a metal contraption. It held her in place at her arms, legs, and hips. It has her leaning slightly back, but still holding her weight on her legs. She stood there awhile. There isn't much for her to look at except for the gray wall and her strapped body. Nym started to panic about Poe. She doesn't know where they took him. She struggled against her restraints but it was no use. Her lightsaber was no where to be found. She sighed in defeat. Her best hope is that she manipulates her way out, or that Poe escapes to come and save her. All she can do is wait. -- Poe POV Poe awakened to find himself restrained. In front of him is a door that just opened. Poe shut his eyes and pretended to still be passed out. With any luck, they won't kill him in his sleep. He could hear someone walk inside and the door close behind them. The unknown person walked with heavy steps. He could hear each step come closer and closer until it moved past him to the place behind him. "Good you're awake." Poe heard him say. He panicked until he heard a response. "Let me go." It was Nym. She must be restrained the same way, but behind him. "Where's the map?" Kylo Ren asked. His mask making his voice sound robotic. "Up your ass, let me out of here!" She said to him, Poe could hear her struggling. He had to fight to keep himself from smiling at her remark. "Nymmie," he began. Nymmie ? Poe questioned in disgust. "Don't-" she snapped at him. "You have no right anymore." There was a sound like a lock and air releasing and then suddenly the voice of Kylo Ren was no longer robotic. It was that of a man without a mask. "Then give me the right," he said to her. "Join me, and it will be just as it was before." "No," she snapped immediately. "If you really think it could ever be like it was before-" She was cut-off and the two were quiet. Poe began to worry when he heard a wet smacking sound. "How dare you," she said to him. "What do you even think you are doing?" "It's something I've wanted to do for a long time. The Jedi forbid such relations, but here the Supreme Leader encourages our emotions." Poe knew immediately what Kylo did and he wanted to punch him for it. Those are not his lips to kiss. He noted the Jedi rule about relationships for another time. "I want nothing like that with you. I've never even looked at you in such a way. You were my friend Ben. Nothing more." Nym said to him. Kylo was quiet after that. Poe could feel the tension in the air, especially when he spoke again. "Where's the map?" Kylo asked, his voice unnervingly calm. It was like a switch was flipped in him. "I don't know," she said to him through gritted teeth. "Perhaps your friend will know," Kylo said. "He won't," Nym said when Kylo took a step. Poe could hear the mask getting placed back on his head and locking into place. Kylo walked the short distance to stand in front of Poe. "I know you're awake." He said to him. Poe internally kicked himself. He opened his eyes and glared at the black figure in front of him. "Go to hell," Poe said to him. Kylo used the Force on him and pushed back Poes head into the headrest. "Where is the map?" Kylo asked him the same question. "Do you really think I would tell-" suddenly Kylo raised his hand and started to do something to his mind. It was the most painful thing he has ever felt. It's as if someone is picking through his brain, his every cell, memory, thought. Poe screamed out in pain. "Poe, you need to fight it!" He heard Nym call out to him. He couldn't comprehend what she was saying, couldn't stay focused on anything but this man weilding through his memories with Nym, and then finally discovering the map. No . Kylo stopped and Poes head fell back, it was pounding in the most excruciating headache he's ever felt. He couldn't feel anymore weak than he did. If his body wasn't being held up, his knees would give out on him. Kylo walked back to Nym. "You're a liar," he said to her. "You traitor!" He screamed. "You will pay for this." He said to her and then he left the room. Poe could see a storm trooper stay behind. The door closed and the two, rather three, of them were left alone. "P-Poe?" Nym asked shakily. "I'm here," he reassured. He could hear her sigh in relief. "I'm sorry." "For what?" "He found BB-8." He said angrily. "That's not your fault." She said to him. "The Force is incredibly strong when it's used against someone who doesn't have the ability to use it." Poe didn't say anything. They were quiet for a moment. "Nym, he went through my thoughts." "Okay," she said sounding confused. "He found my memories of us." He said with guilt. Nym didn't respond, they were in complete silence. "Nym?" He questioned, worried that she's upset or is hurt. "That's okay," she stammered out. "It's not. He threatened you because of it." "He threatened me because he feels I lied. The Jedi aren't suppose to have any sort of relationship that ties them to another. Like a romantic one. He's angry because what he sees in your memories is similar to that," she said to him. "And you wouldn't be that to him." "I didn't know he wanted to be until now, but even back then, I wouldn't have." She said. "Because of the code?" Poe asked in confusion. If the code is what holds her back then why is she almost what Poe considers his girlfriend? "Because he is like my brother, nothing more. At least, he use to be." She said the last part sadly. "I stand by the code." She stated harshly. Poes stomach dropped and his heart skipped a beat. So she doesn't want to be with him? All of the past few days and she has no interest in him at all. Poe never felt such hurt. He likes her, a lot. He wants to spend all of his hours with her, every meal with her, every night with her... "I have an idea," she said, changing the subject. Poe tried to play along without his hurt coming out in his voice. "What's that?" He asked, and cleared his throat from how raspy it sounded. "Hey you by the door?" She called out. Poe frowned, unsure how she knew he was standing there. Poe looked up at the trooper who looked up, obviously confused. "Come over here." She said to him. The trooper went to her. "Be quiet rebel scum." It said to her. "Release me now." She demanded, the trooper did exactly that. Nym came over to Poe and freed him as well. He was a bit shaky on his feet from his head pain. "How did you do that?" He asked in amazement, she helped him to stand until he regained his balance. She looked at him with her glowing green eyes. "I'm a Jedi remember?" She smiled at him, he smiled back. She turned back to the trooper. "Take us to our weapons." She demanded, her eyes were focused as she stared at him. "I will take you to your weapons." He said and guided them out the door. Nym helped Poe until he was able to walk on his own. She stayed close to him in fear of him becoming dizzy. The trooper led them to another room, where unfortunately several more troopers stood. Nym and Poe froze at the door, all the troopers looked at them. "Oh sh-" "Get them!" One yelled. Nym happened to see her saber sitting on the nearest table top and summoned it to her. It was ignited and easily managed to block all the laser blasts that came at them. She had pushed Poe behind her and noticed he was trying to shut the door with the keypad next to it. She backed out of the room and watched as a trooper got smashed by the door. "That was excellent timing," Poe smiled looking at the trooper. Nym sliced her saber through the keypad, hoping it will keep the others locked inside, but it wouldn't last for long. "Let's go," she said and they ran. She disengaged her saber and hooked it to her hip. The two had to sneak around the halls and hope that they will come across the ship hangar. "For future reference," Poe began as they ducked around another corner, Nym leading them. "Next time you Jedi mind trick a storm trooper make sure the coast is clear before you have them take us somewhere." Nym looked back at him and glared. Poe couldn't help the smile on his face. "We need to get to BB-8." She said. "Do you know where he would've went?" "The nearest civilization on Jakku. He would've hidden there." Nym nodded. "Okay, I think we're nearing the hangar." She said to him. She led them down the hallway and around another corner. Peaking over, she could see the hangar and the ships flying in and out. There is a tie fight only a couple yards next to them. But there's too many troopers to try and sneak past them. "I don't suppose you can mind trick several at once." Nym glared at him again. "No," she answered and sighed. "We will need to come up with a distraction." Poe saw an electrical box in front of him and went to it, he opened it up and saw wires and switches all over the place. "Please tell me you know what this all is and that it can help." Nym stared at all of it. "Um, no. But it wouldn't hurt to try... I hope." She added the last part under her breath. "Flip that switch." She said pointing to the one labeled 'lights'. Poe did as he was told and everything went black, all the hallways and the hangar. A bunch of troopers could be heard running around and panicking. Nym took Poes hand. "Let's go," She said and ran with him blindly to the tie fighter. It was a bit difficult in the dark but it was easy to not run into anyone because their steps could be heard. Nym tried her best to reach the ship. "I think this is it." She said and grabbed for the ladder, it was difficult but if she squinted she could almost make out shapes. She pulled Poe with her up the ladder. Inside she pushed controls and the ship started up. Lights flickered and then she could see. "You ready?" She asked him. "Always." He said. "You sure you can fly-" Poe was cut off by Nym deattaching them from the port and then flying quickly out of the hangar. Chapter 8 : On the Run Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) They flew through space quickly. Looking back, all that could be seen is a dark silhouette of a large ship. "How long before they realize we're gone?" Poe asked. "Not long," Nym said darkly. They're approaching the atmosphere of Jakku. Suddenly, there was a beeping. It was loud, annoying and urgent. The ship began to shake. "What's happening?" Nym asked Poe. She flipped switches on her side, trying to get the ship to right itself until they can reach the ground, but nothing she did worked. "The ship," Poe began, she could hear him flipping switches as well. "It must've been damaged. I can't find anything wrong with it." The ship shook harder as they broke through the atmosphere. Nym couldn't believe that of all the ships, she picked the one that has problems. "Hold on!" Poe yelled to her. Nym could feel them falling. Jakkus gravity pulled them down quickly. Their ship burned through the atmosphere and suddenly it all stopped. They made heavy impact with the ground. All Nym remembered was seeing sand before everything blacked out. -- Nym woke up with her head pounding. She blinked her eyes open and struggled to see before her from the brightness of the sun. She rolled her head around, testing that she's alright. She isn't dizzy which is good. She looked down to see she is still buckled in. She unlatched herself and coughed from the sand that caught her throat. "Poe?" She called for him. No response. Nym crawled out of the ship and looked at it, half of it is under the sand. She went back in and tried to see for him but the seat was in the way. "Poe wake up," she called to him. Nothing. Suddenly the ground below her began to shake and before she knew it, the ship was sinking. "No!" She yelled and grabbed for where Poes shoulder would be, instead she found his jacket. Poe isn't in the ship. She pulled it out and had to jump away before she got sucked down with the ship. She stared before her in shock. The ship is gone, Poe is missing, and she is in the middle of the desert. She stared at his jacket in her hand. It's all she has now. She gripped it tightly and hugged it to herself. She would put it on if she wasn't already wearing her Jedi robe. She climbed up the nearest sand dune and looked around her. Nothing is in sight. "POE!" She screamed, her voice sucked up by the sand on the ground. Nothing came in response. He must've went looking for help, thinking it was safer to leave her in the shade of the ship instead of out in the open while he went looking. Yeah, if that's the case then that means there is a town nearby. Yes, that's where he is. But which direction? Nym sighed and closed her eyes. She felt the Force flow through her, and did her best to channel it to guide her. She opened her eyes and turned in the direction she feels strongest. With a heavy sigh, Nym walked in that direction. It felt like she was walking for days, when really it could have only been an hour. Nym came across a small town and approached it. She did her best to try and find water but to no avail. Instead, she tried searching for Poe. She must've circled the town three times in her search. Nothing. He is not here. Nym tried not to panic. She knows he wouldn't leave her here, and she knows he wasn't on that ship... right? No, he definitely wasn't. She didn't feel him when she went to grab him. The way she reached in, she certainly would've felt him. Just then she heard a beeping. It was familiar and made Nym look to her left. There, it's BB-8! Oh thank the Force! "BB-8!" She called to the little droid. It looked over to her and beeped excitedly as he rolled over to her. Nym dropped to her knees and hugged the orange and white ball. "Oh BB-8 I was so worried. Is it safe?" She asked, pulling back to look at him. He beeped in confirmation. "Is Poe with you?" She began to look around but didn't see any sight of him. BB-8 beeped sadly saying he thought he was with her. Nyms heart sank, but she couldn't let that discourage her or blind her from the mission at hand. This is why Jedi cannot form attachments. "It's alright," she said brokenly. "We have to get you back to base." "I can help with that," Nym looked up to see a girl with dark hair and a staff standing before her. "Who are you?" Nym asked her skeptically. BB-8 quickly explained who she is before she could introduce herself. Nym stood up before her. "Thank you," Nym said to her. "This BB unit is carrying information critical to the Resistance, and you kept him safe." "You're with the resistance?" She questioned, eyes bright with wonder. "Yes," Nym answered. She suddenly became very aware of the Force that is coming from this girl. She's Force Sensitive, interesting. "You said you could help get us out of here?" The girl nodded. "This way," she said and began to lead the way. "Hey wait," Nym called after her. "What's your name?" "I'm Rey," she said to her. "Nym," she introduced herself. Suddenly there was a familiar noise in the air and the sound of blasters going off, creating explosions on the ground. Nym looked up to see TIE fighters. "We need to go, now." Nym said urgently. Rey took off in a sprint, Nym followed closely behind with BB-8. "Where are we going?" Nym yelled to Rey as they dodged a blast. "That ship there!" Rey yelled to her and pointed to a ship in the distance. At that very moment, the ship blew up with a blast. They both stopped running and stared. "This way!" Nym started and ran for a ship near them. "But that one is garbage!" She yelled after her. Another blast went off and sent the two of them flying through the air. Nym hit the sand hard and an oomph fell from her mouth. She coughed from the wind getting knocked out of her and rubbed her eyes from the sand that flung into her face. Her eyes rang, and in the distance she could still hear more explosions going off. "Nym?" Rey called to her. Nym looked over to see Rey struggling to her feet and running over to her. Nym got up as well. "The garbage will do." Rey concluded and they both ran for the ship. Before they boarded, Nym checked for BB-8 only to see he is right at her feet. Once the ship doors closed she asked, "Are you okay?" BB-8 beeped in affirmation. Nym ran for the ships cockpit only to find Rey already there. "You can fly?" She asked. "Yes. Can you shoot?" "Of course," Nym said. "Down that ladder there," Rey pointed and Nym ran for it. She went down the ladder and collapsed into a bubble like room with a chair that moved around awkwardly. She strapped herself in and maneuvered the controls that moved her body around as well. It took only a moments time before she got the hang of it. They were air born now and Nym did her best to aim for the TIE fighters and shoot them down. She only managed one, the other two are weaving around without any pattern to follow. Nym cursed to herself. "I can't get a clean shot!" She called up to Rey. "Hold on!" Rey called back, and suddenly they were concealed in darkness. It is a tight space, and Nym worried it might be difficult for them to fly through. However, it gave her some clean shots at the TIE fighters. They were both shot down before they left the darkness. As Nym unbuckled herself, it was light again and she could see they were flying through a crashed ship. Nym had to grasp the ladder as they flew upwards and into space. She climbed the ladder and nearly fell as they went into hyperspace. She made it up easier after that, and found Rey just exiting the cockpit. A large smile lit up her face. "That was amazing! Nice shooting!" She said and went in for a hug. Nym laughed a bit and hugged her back. "Nice flying," She complimented back, and they released one another. Just then, an alarm was going off. "Not good," Nym said and ran for the ships cockpit. There, she discovered the source and went to that location on the ship. She opened up a latch in the floor and dropped down into it. "Whats happening?" Rey asked her. "It's the alarm system. If I don't fix this the ship will fill up with poisonous gas," She explained gravely. "Can you find a tool box?" She asked Rey. Rey nodded and went about searching for one. She found it quickly and went back to Nym. They started a process of Nym calling out what she needed and Rey finding it for her. "There," Nym said and the alarms stopped. Rey sighed with relief. Except their victory was short lived because the ship powered down and shook slightly. "What is that?" Rey asked gravely. Nym ran for the cockpit and saw a ship took hold of them. "Not good," she said to her when she came back. "They have us." Nym said and suddenly a thought struck her. "Get down there, now!" Nym instructed and Rey did as she was told. She handed her the tools, BB-8, and jumped in herself. She pulled the grating over them, and grabbed the gas masks down there. She handed one to Rey and she put it on. Nym started the process of un-fixing the gas problem when the door opened and only two people boarded. Nym frowned. She stopped what she was doing and ignored Rey's look of confusion. She tried peaking through the holes in the grating. "Oh by the stars," she whispered and then flung the grate off the stop of them and removed her mask. Nym Force jumped out of the floor and landed in front of Han and Chewy. "Nym?" Han questioned with surprise. Nym smiled at him and was suddenly lost in a giant ball of fur. Chewie hugged her with a " awwrrggghh ," He pulled away when Rey came out from below the grating. Chewie went to help her and pull BB-8 out. "It's been awhile," Han said to her. "I thought everyone was-" Nym shook her head. "Just me, and-" "I know." Han said to her. "Come here," he said and pulled Nym in. She couldn't help but feel sad standing there with Han. He reminds her so much of Ben, and what he use to be. "We need to get to D'Qar," Nym said to him. "Not without a different ship, the First Order will see this from millions of kilometers away. We're lucky I got to you first," He started walking towards the cockpit. "Wait, you're Han Solo," Rey stated which got his attention. "That means this is the Millennium Falcon." Han looked at her. "What's your name, kid?" "I'm Rey," she said to him. "Where did you find the Falcon?" He asked her. "Nima Outpost," she said. "Jakku? The junk yard?" Han questioned then turned to Chewie. "I knew we should've checked the western reaches." "Han," Nym began. "We have a partial of map of where Master Luke is." Han looked at her sadly. "That's why we need to get going." He said to her. "I can get us off the radar," he said and went back to captain the ship. The three of them followed him into the cockpit. Chewie took co-pilot and Nym and Rey watched as Han set the coordinates and they made the jump to lightspeed. They all got more acquainted with one another. Nym showed the map to Han. He told Rey the story of the Jedi, what happened recently, and why Luke left. They reached their location quickly, and Rey commented on how green the planet it. They left the ship and walked up to a large building with a massive statue in front of it. Han turned to them suddenly. "Don't stare," He told them. "At what?" Rey asked with a frown. "Any of it," Han warned. They walked inside and Han was a bit correct. There were species of all kinds that even Nym has never laid eyes on before, there is a catina band, and someone who called out Hans name immediately. Everything went quiet, until Han said hello back and everything went back to normal. Moz, the small orange creature approached them. "I assumed you need something. Where is my boyfriend?" She asked. "Oh, Chewie is back with the ship." Moz gave the two girls a knowing look. "I like that Wookie." She said and led them over to a table. "I need you to get a message to Leia," "No," Moz said immediately. "You need to face this." She told him. "Face what?" Rey asked. "The oldest fight in the Galaxy." Suddenly Moz turned to the two of them, she looked at Nym first. "When you've been around long enough you see the same eyes in different faces." She looked closely at Nym. "I see the eyes of someone who experienced a great loss." Nym swallowed harshly and looked away. She fell into her thoughts as she read Rey much the same way but Nym couldn't listen. She kept thinking about Ben, all the Jedi, and more recently, Poe. Oh Poe. Where is he? She left him alone on that planet. That is if he is even alive, or on that planet at all. Maybe he left her? Maybe he is dead, Nym doesn't know. All she knows is that she wants him back and can't stand the feeling of complete sadness when she thinks he may be gone forever. The building shook then. Nym looked to see Han standing up and trying to take Nym with him. She looked around to see Rey and Moz have disappeared. "What's happening? Where is Rey?" "I don't know," Han said. "We need to get outside." Han said and ushered her out the doors before the ceiling had a chance to collapse on them. "We can't leave them!" She yelled at Han. But she didn't really force back against him when he dragged her outside. It is too dangerous in there now, but outside? Stormtroopers flocked the scene, and TIE fighters flew above their heads causing the explosions. "We need to get to the ship," Han said to her and ducked behind a fallen boulder. Nym follow him. "Not without Rey," Nym said darkly. Another explosion went off and the statue, that Nym realized is of Moz, fell over, making the ground shake and send dust up into the air. "We need to fight." Nym said, and suddenly she was out in the open with her green lightsaber guiding her. She fought off blast after blast, clone after clone, without a problem. The stormtroopers stood no chance against her. She is quick and efficient. She is everything Master Luke has taught her. She is a force to be reckoned with. She is strong, and terrifying. The stormtroopers began to target others, and avoid her. When that didn't work, they decided to attack her in a group. That also didn't work. Nym knows how to handle every situation, and let the Force guide her through it all. Shes never felt more alive. Suddenly, resistance ships flew into view. They fought off the TIE fighters, and before she knew it they were on the ground too. The Generals ship is there, and the stormtroopers are running away. Well at least they found us , Nym thought to herself. As she made her way to the Generals ship, she saw the one person she wasn't expecting. Kylo. He is walking up his ship, with Rey in his arms. "Oh no," Nym said, and jumped onto the nearest rock. "Ben!" She screamed at him. It wasn't loud enough, or maybe he was ignoring her, but the ships door closed and it flew away. "Nym!" She heard Han call to her. Nym deactivated her lightsaber, and let Chewie help her down. She wasn't sure when he joined in on the action but there he stood. The three of them went over to the general. Han and she spoke awkwardly, Nym tried to pull Chewie away and speak with Threepio. Those two spoke, really Nym just kept thinking about those pilots and that it's her fault Poe isn't among them. They flew back to D'Qar. Nym oddly quiet, she was still lost in her thoughts. No one asked because well, she is still a suspect of being a traitor. Despite the fact they they have the partial map provided by BB-8, they still suspect her. Unbelievable. They reached the base, Nym sulked in her room for awhile until Leia sent for her. She is needed for the ships that are coming in from the attack. She needs her to run checks and do repairs. That is the last thing Nym wants to do, surprisingly enough. She doesn't want to be reminded that she failed Poe. That she won't ever see him again. But yet, she still walked down to the hangar. She watched as all the ships came in, and the pilots got out with smiles on their faces. Nym glared at them and walked to the first ship on the left. Nym was lost on her work. She didn't see the other pilots, or BB-8 go rolling toward the pilot in front of her X-Wing. She didn't notice the pilot approach her until he was three feet in front of her. Nym looked up and gasped audibly. Eyes wide in shock. "Hey pretty girl," Poe said to her with a gleaming smile. "Poe," she nearly sobbed and jumped into his arms. Poe held her tightly, and just as desperately. "I thought I wasn't ever going to see you again, I didn't know what happened. I thought you were dead." She spoke in a rush, her voice muffled in the junction of his shoulder and neck. "I thought the same of you," he said to her and then pulled back to look at her. "But then the General told me she got word from Han, and that you were with him. I had to go there to see for myself. I had to fight with you." His eyes glowed with happiness. His beautiful eyes, his smile, his hair, his hands, his face. Nym smiled at him. "I'm so happy you're alive," she said with tears threatening to fall. She suddenly wasn't sure what she would have done with herself without him. "I'm so sorry I left you." Poe shook his head. "You didn't leave me, you did what you had to do." He reassured her. Nym didn't respond. In a blink, a tear escaped and Poe wiped it away with his thumb. Nym closed her eyes and dropped her head to his shoulder once more. He held her while she cried. She held him back. Neither of them felt more happy. Notes: Hey guys! I think its important that I clarify that this story was strictly written as a rough draft. I have not gone through to clean it or make it flow better. However, I will do so at some point. To those of you who are still reading, I strongly appreciate you sticking around. You make this story worth my while. More will come soon! xo