Recaptured Notes: I shouldn't really be posting another multi-chapter fic when I keep suffering from long bouts of writer's block, but hey ho... Not sure how often I will be updating but I'll do my best to keep it regular. This story will contain certain elements from Rogue One, although it hasn't really got any connection to that movie beyond a couple of the characters. I hope you all enjoy reading it and please do let me know your thoughts on it. Thank you - Mrs P Rey struggled to wake up. She teetered precariously on the edge of consciousness. Her eyelids felt as if they'd been weighted down and the effort needed to open them more than she could summon. Sleep fought to keep its hold on her and all she knew with complete clarity was she should not give in. The rest of her thoughts were jumbled and her mind foggy. Rey couldn't remember where she'd been or what she'd been doing. Images of places and people flashed in and out of her head. She saw sand and lots of it but that wasn't all. There had been an island in the ocean just like the one she always dreamed about. Perhaps it was only the dream she remembered. If that were true, how did she know the spongy feel of the mossy rocks beneath her feet and the salty freshness of the sea air? Her dreams had been vivid but not like that. If her eyes refused to work, Rey decided she should try and focus on her other senses. A soft humming noise filtered through into her semi-consciousness, it sounded like the engines of a starship. It made no sense to her. Was she still aboard the Millennium Falcon? An image of her sitting in the cockpit with Chewbacca by her side flitted through her mind. Han Solo should have been sat in that seat, but he wasn't. Tears welled under her eyelids and escaped to trickle slowly down her cheeks. Something brushed so lightly against her face she might have imagined it if it hadn't happened again. Rey got the strangest notion someone wanted to kiss her tears away. Warm lips trailed softly across her skin stopping abruptly when they neared her mouth. She tried once more to prize her eyes open but to no avail. Waves of comfort washed over her and she let them pull her under. Whoever's company she had found herself in, they cared for her and meant her no harm. Those exact words were spoken directly into her ear. Before oblivion reclaimed her, a thought struck her; she knew that voice, deep gravelly and oddly sensitive, it belonged to Kylo Ren. Rey awoke with a start. Everything came rushing back to her with terrifying clarity; Ahch-To, Luke Skywalker, and the arrival of a nightmare dressed in black. She glanced around; expecting to find herself in restraints like on Starkiller Base only to find her current situation appeared even more dire. The implications of waking up on a huge bed troubled her more than when she'd awoken in an interrogation chamber. She scrambled off the soft black sheets onto the cold stone floor. Only one man could feel at home in such a dark place, and she shuddered at the realisation. Nothing about the room was personalised and yet it felt personal, more so than the sterile spaces back on Starkiller at any rate. The obsidian walls had a dull sheen speckled with the occasional white fleck. High above her head, the only window was a long horizontal slit which let in little natural light. Regularly spaced ventilation grills around the room, along with a constant hum, suggested the operation of some sort of air filtration system. Rey took in a breath and noticed it left a metallic tang in her mouth. A carafe of water had been left by the bedside, and she took a drink wondering where in the galaxy Ren had taken her. Looking around for a means of escape, she counted three doors and tried the release panels of each. One opened to reveal a refresher, its generous bathtub hewn from black marble as were the other fixtures. The second revealed an almost empty closet. As expected, the third door to whatever lay beyond that room would not open. She already knew she'd been taken as a prisoner, even if her cell wasn't exactly standard issue. The bed bothered her most of all. Its size suggesting it had been built to accommodate someone much bigger than her. Of course, she knew precisely who fitted that description. He had abducted her and she'd be a fool to think his intentions were honourable. She'd called him a monster after he murdered his own father, so the idea he might contemplate something as heinous as what that big bed suggested shouldn't surprise her. Despite managing to retain her purity on Jakku, she'd seen plenty while living there of what men like Kylo Ren wanted with young women like her. His loneliness and isolation Rey had experienced up close when she'd resisted his mind probe and glimpsed his deepest fears. Some sort of connection had been forged in that moment. She felt his presence like a constant itch under her skin. Thoughts she knew weren't her own popped into her head, and when she slept she dreamt of being with him in ways she couldn't reconcile with what she knew about the man in the cold light of day. Luke Skywalker had been wary of her from the moment she arrived on Ahch-To. At first, she'd put it down to him living in self-imposed exile for so long, but it turned out to be much more than that. A force bond, that's what he'd called it, a connection unwittingly forged most likely when she'd pushed into Kylo Ren's mind. He would use it against her, Luke warned. Rey begged him to help her, to train her so she could fight back and protect herself. The old Jedi told her she would have to find his nephew and kill him if she wanted to be free. He appeared to have lost his way, talking about and to people long dead regarding things of which she had no knowledge. Her desperation mounting, she'd told him how his sister needed him by her side now Han was gone. Leia sent her in the hope she could convince Luke to join their fight. The resistance couldn't rest on their laurels after the destruction of Starkiller Base. There were so many different factions across the galaxy and General Organa would need all the skills she'd honed during her time as a senator to unite them. The sound of approaching footsteps interrupted her moment of reflection. Rey panicked her eyes scanning the room for something she could use as a weapon. With her staff and lightsaber gone and no substitutes to hand, she contemplated hiding in the refresher. It seemed pointless when locking herself inside wasn't an option. Before she could do anything, the door to the room slid open and Kylo Ren entered. His mask hid his expression but his stride faltered slightly upon seeing her. "I hoped to be here when you awoke," he said through the metallic filter. "Please accept my apologies for leaving you unattended." Rey threw him a harsh glare determined to stand her ground regardless of her fears. "What have you done with Luke Skywalker? If you've hurt him, I swear I won't stop at slashing your face this time." Threatening him wasn't her wisest move, especially as he had her cornered, but she'd always been quick to anger. It wasn't as if she didn't have just cause. He had taken her for a second time from another man she'd once thought a legend. The old Jedi had been meditating on a particular rock he liked to use for the purpose the last time she'd seen him. She had gone to the cliff edge to watch the sunset. What happened after that was a blur. Kylo clenched his hands into fists by his side obviously irked by her tone. "Skywalker no longer matters, I have what I need." His words chilled her and she stepped further back from him, her legs colliding with the edge of the bed. "You had no right to take me away from where I needed to be. What do you want with me?" Rey inquired her bravado crumbling under the silent scrutiny of his masked eyes. She wondered what his face looked like now after she'd left him bleeding in the snow. Bacta could have repaired the worse damage if he'd got swift treatment. In answer to her silent musing, he reached for the release mechanisms and pulled the helmet from his head. Shaking out his long ebony mane, he met her gaze. He appeared less self-assured than the first time he'd removed his mask for her. The wound that bisected his face had scarred leaving a lasting mark. It shocked her to see what she'd done in her grief and rage, not that he hadn't deserved it, and worse. But still, she shuddered to recall how far she'd gone, and how much further she'd been willing to go. If the ground hadn't split beneath them, she might have fallen into a different kind of abyss. "You need a teacher and - I require your assistance," Kylo said the last part grudgingly. Rey's eyebrows shot up at his gall. After what he'd done to Han and Finn, he couldn't seriously expect her to cooperate with him in any way. And yet, she didn't appear to have much option, at least until she knew where she was and what else she had to contend with besides her dark nemesis. He had the advantage over her, being armed and unquestionably dangerous. The sight of the lightsaber fastened to his belt made her lips curl in distaste. Obviously, he'd found time to repair it, although it hadn't been more than a full standard week since she'd driven it into the snow. She scowled at him. "You, Kylo Ren, require the assistance of a scavenger?" Her mocking tone obviously annoyed him because he glowered back at her. Rey noticed he'd had a change of outfit since their last encounter. But then, his old clothes had got as slashed up as his face. He wore a shorter tunic and a flowing cape, all in black, of course. She rolled her eyes; if he meant to impress her, he'd failed miserably. "It is my destiny to finish what my grandfather started," Kylo declared without a hint of being aware how ridiculous he sounded. "You will help me find a way to defeat Snoke. Together, we will rule and bring peace and order to the galaxy." Rey couldn't believe her ears. Forgetting her concerns about the bed, she sat down on it, too shocked to stay standing. He closed the gap between them and crouched down before her. "I must have you by my side, Rey." His voice sounded impossibly soft and gentle, almost pleading. His gloved hand reached for hers and jolted her back to her senses. She scrambled away from him to the far side of the bed. His eyes blazed with hunger and she could feel his desire for her burning beneath her skin. It had to be the unwanted connection they shared and not the breathy way he'd spoken her name that affected her. "I have to get to Luke Skywalker and return to the resistance. Your mother is counting on me," she insisted as resolutely as she could manage given that her knees were trembling. Kylo shot her an angry look at the mention of his family. "Forget about them, they don't matter. We do not have the luxury of time on our side. If we are to defeat Snoke, we must begin right away." Rey could only gawk at him in disbelief. It might be easy for him to sweep his family aside, and even to kill them, but General Organa had welcomed her with open arms. She'd entrusted her with a vital mission and she didn't plan on failing. And then there was Finn, her friend; the one who came back for her and to whom she'd made a promise. She vowed they would see each other again, a promise she intended to keep. However, if she was to have any chance of escaping, she would have to make a show of cooperating with the fallen Jedi. She might even find something out of use in the fight against Snoke and the First Order. Rey wanted no part of Ren's scheme but knowledge of the enemy would be helpful. He watched her, his expression neutral, and yet she got the feeling he knew exactly what she was thinking. "After what happened on Starkiller Base, you can't expect me to just forgive and forget," she said in case he had read her mind. She thought twice about mentioning Han when she saw him clench his jaw, but she had to ask. "Why did you kill your father? I have to know." A tidal wave of emotions hit her, everything from rage to intense grief and she felt suffocated. Tears sprang to her eyes and, for a moment, it felt as if she'd been transported back to that awful moment on Starkiller. Kylo stood glaring at her his teeth bared in anger and then he spoke or rather hissed. "Snoke lied to me. He told me it would make me stronger. I'm sick of being lied to, it's all anyone has ever done to me. There is only one I can trust now." Rey watched warily as he paced the floor like a caged animal. She feared he might ignite his lightsaber at any second and she would have no means of escape. He ground to a sudden halt as if sensing her fear. In her attempt to put distance between them, Rey had foolishly backed herself up against the wall. He closed in on her and reached out a generously proportioned hand towards her. She shrank from him but couldn't stop his leather-gloved fingers from brushing her cheek. "I didn't bring you here to hurt you," he said trying to coax her to meet his gaze. Reluctantly, she did. Somehow, Rey knew he meant what he'd said but he wanted something from her she couldn't possibly give. "Please, let me go," she begged. Standing so close to him, she couldn't help making a study of his unique and strangely beautiful face. He might have become a monster but that wasn't how he started out. "Perhaps in another time and place, it might have been different," she pondered aloud, "if you were still Ben Solo…" "Don't speak that name," he snarled snatching his hand away from her cheek as if her skin burned. "I've seen inside your head," Rey spat too furious to care about consequences. "I've seen your dreams." The knowing look she gave him made him blush crimson. "You think I could love you and do all those other things you've fantasised about after what you've done?" Again, she found herself buffeted by a rush of emotions. Shame and fear were the only ones she could identify before he clamped down on them. Gritting his teeth, Kylo stomped his way over to the door. "Snoke ordered me to bring you to him, and I could do that," he said intending to sound menacing and succeeding. "His methods are extreme and he would make you suffer in ways you cannot even begin to imagine. You think you've known suffering, little sandbag? All Snoke has to do is take one look at a person and he knows all their old painful wounds and exactly how to reopen them. It doesn't matter how deep you think you've buried your secrets, he will find them." Rey shuddered with horror. It didn't make her present situation any more palatable but she knew she'd at least stand a chance of saving herself and getting back to the resistance if she worked with Kylo. With a weary sigh, she steeled herself for the task ahead. "You said you needed my assistance; what do I have to do?" Her sudden acquiescence took him by surprise. He quickly recovered and held out his hand to her. "Come with me and I'll show you." Rey saw a flicker of hope in Kylo's eyes as she hesitantly reached for him. Disappointment soon took over as pushed his hand down by his side. "That won't be necessary," she said in clipped tones. "I'll go with you but I'm not holding your damn hand." "It's a matter of safety," he insisted throwing her an annoyed glance in the hopes of covering his real feelings. "There are a lot of hidden dangers for the uninitiated." "I take it we aren't on a First Order Base, so where are we?" Rey asked increasingly conscious of a creeping sense of dread. It wasn't just the company; something wasn't right about the place. She was reminded of how it felt to be deep in the belly of one of the wrecked star destroyers on Jakku. Lives had been lost there in horrible ways leaving behind an unsettling atmosphere. Kylo again held his hand out to her. "This castle belonged to my grandfather," he explained. "Please, let me show you around." "Your grandfather?" Rey scrunched her face up in distaste. "You mean Darth Vader?" "They were one and the same," he spat his temper flaring at the reminder of past deceptions. Perhaps if he'd known his true family legacy from the start things might have been different. He disappeared so far inside his own mind for a moment, he failed to realise Rey had taken his hand. Kylo curled his fingers gently over hers, unconsciously holding his breath in fear she might retreat from him again. "Hadn't we better get on with it then?" She asked trying to distract herself from how their hands fitted together in a way that shouldn't have felt so natural. What caused her to bridge the gap between them, she couldn't say, it had been instinctual. Probably the connection between them, she sighed hating how it overrode her objections so easily. "I feel it too - this bond between us," Kylo clarified. "I'm not entirely certain how it came to be. Force bonds are usually forged between master and apprentice, not during the kind of interactions we had. Maybe when you pushed into my mind…" "You didn't know it would happen?" Rey inquired more upset than angry. "No," he truthfully replied and then frowned before adding, "My head is overcrowded as it is." She had more questions but decided to hold off on asking them. The black-walled room, spacious as it was, felt claustrophobic and she wanted to see what lay beyond it. Sensing her eagerness he opened the door, seemingly by using the force, and led her outside. Her grip on his hand tightened at the sight of a tall dark figure approaching them. Chapter 2 : Learning Curve Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey didn't know whether to feel relieved or not when the dark figure turned out to be an over seven-foot tall Imperial security droid. She had seen a few wrecked ones on Jakku. It clomped towards them on oversized spindly legs before coming to a halt a few steps ahead. Kylo showed no sign of alarm and so she presumed he had been expecting it. She noticed a blaster holstered at the droid's hip and contemplated making a grab for it. Only the knowledge that the man by her side could easily deflect blaster bolts stopped her. "I have finished recharging, Master Ren, and I have re-scanned the datafiles for the keywords you gave me," the droid said in a male accent that sounded like her own. "There were twenty-six thousand five hundred and sixty-six data entry matches. I take it you wish to further refine the search. Otherwise, it will take approximately one point nine zero seven standard years for you to read each individual file, and that's if you didn't stop to sleep or eat or do any of the other things your species like to engage in." He tilted his head suggestively in the direction of his master's female companion. Kylo blushed deeply at the insinuation and fixed his robot minion with a harsh glare. An awkward atmosphere had settled between them and he broke it with an introduction. "Rey, this is K-4DR, an old Imperial security droid I found and restored to functionality - well, sort of." She nodded a salutary greeting but got distracted picturing the fearsome Master of the Knights of Ren tinkering with droids. The idea intrigued her. "The atmospheric conditions on this planet have not been kind to Kay-four's circuits," Kylo explained. "He has a tendency to get overloaded and shut down. Also, he's a bit - eccentric." "Maybe I could take a look at him," Rey offered. "I've never seen one in working order before but I have scavenged a few for parts." K-4DR managed to somehow appear offended despite his inexpressive features. "If it is all the same to you, I would rather succumb to droid rot," he said the light in his eyes blinking. She couldn't help but be amused even if Kylo failed to see the funny side. He barked a list of refinements to the datafile search and sent his hapless minion to complete the task. Rey had let go of his hand at some point and he tried to reclaim it so they could continue on their way. "I'll watch my step," she promised, shunning any further physical contact with him. Kylo pouted with disappointment but didn't push the issue. "This way," he instructed making sure to stay as close to her as he could. "Kay-four is sifting through the old archives of the Empire for anything we can use against Snoke. Many of the datafiles stored in other Imperial facilities, including the records of the research conducted on force users, were either corrupted or destroyed. But the ones here survived intact. I recovered the navigational chart to Ahch-To from them, all except that elusive missing piece, of course." Rey threw him a harsh glare. "Then how did you find me?" "You know how," he said knowing no further explanation would be necessary. "Yes, you can take whatever you want, can't you?" she spat hoping he could feel the depth of her disgust through the bond. Kylo bristled at her reprobation but fought to keep calm. "We don't really have time for a full tour right now. But I thought you might like to see the view before we get started." It wasn't as if Rey had much choice. She occupied her mind by keeping track of their progress so she could navigate her way back if needed. It happened to be one of the skills she'd honed during her time on Jakku, her survival had often depended on it. Kylo appeared absorbed in his own thoughts and it wasn't as if she wanted to talk to him. Her main priority remained to find a way out. The dark passageways seemed endless, and as they reached yet another turn, Rey noticed a red glow which grew fiercer the further they advanced. She gasped in awe as they entered a large chamber with a viewport extending across the full length of the exterior wall. In the middle stood an empty bacta tank, eerily lit from beneath by the same red glow that filtered in through the window. Kylo gestured for her to go and take a closer look. Burning lava fields stretched out as far as the eye could see to beyond the horizon. The flaming magma frothed and flowed over black volcanic rocks. Smoke and ash, billowing from fiery pools clogged the atmosphere with thick grey smog. "Spectacular, isn't it?" Ren's deep rumbling voice close to her ear made her jump. "It's - "Rey faltered unable to find the right words to express her horror. She recalled a tale some of the old scavengers used to tell about a place of eternal suffering called The Pit. It looked exactly like she imagined that place to be. Forcing herself to shake off her revulsion, she turned her focus back to formulating an escape plan. The aesthetics of the place mattering less than any information she could glean. "I've never seen anything quite like it. What planet is this?" She inquired pretending to be awestruck. Momentarily disarmed by her feigned interest, Kylo began, "It's Mu-", before stopping short and giving her a glare of disapproval. "It doesn't matter," he said. "I didn't bring you here for a geography lesson." "Then what did you bring me here for?" Rey yelled her patience exhausted. "I've already told you," he snapped as he paced a wide circle around her. "Snoke thinks I'm here working on a way to find you and Skywalker. We won't get another chance like this; we have to capitalise on the chaos created by Starkiller. The chronometer is counting down and we must find a way to destroy Snoke and take control of the First Order before they become unstoppable." Rey heaved a weary sigh; at times like this, she almost missed her life on Jakku. It was certainly much simpler; scavenge to survive or die. Perhaps if she viewed her present predicament through the same lens, it would make it easier to stomach. Unless she could find where Ren kept his ship, she wouldn't be getting off this hellhole anytime soon. Like it or not, she was up to her neck in it. "We should get to work," she said with no real enthusiasm. Kylo nodded and ushered her back into the dark passageway. He had been endeavouring to hide the scarred side of his face whenever he could, Rey noted. She wondered again why he hadn't used bacta to erase it. "After Starkiller, Snoke ordered General Hux to bring me straight to him." His voice startled her as did the fact he knew exactly what she'd been thinking about; she would never get used to the stupid bond. "The medical droids patched me up as best they could but the bacta tank treatment had to be delayed for my audience with the Supreme Leader. By the time my wounds could be properly tended to, the scarring was permanent." He gave her an expectant glance as if awaiting an apology. "You threw me against a tree!" Rey fumed unable to get over the nerve of the guy. "Not to mention what you did to Finn. He's lucky to be alive." "The traitor?" Kylo snarled his lips twisting in disgust. "If he's a traitor for turning on the First Order then so are you," she said jabbing him sharply in the arm with her index finger. He scowled in reply. Rey thought about Han Solo and how he'd reached out to caress his son's cheek, the same one she'd slashed. "Anyway, it's not what's on the outside that makes you unattractive," she acknowledged causing him to raise a quizzical brow. Kylo couldn't take any solace from the fact that she didn't find him physically repulsive. Not after he'd glimpsed the awful image she had in her head. He couldn't afford to dwell on the final tender moment he'd shared with his father. Pushing it from his mind, he resolved to stay focused on his goals. As he led her to the archives in silence, Rey experienced a sharp pang of hunger which didn't go unnoticed by the man at her side. She remembered eating some kind of dried fish on Ahch-To for her last meal but had no idea how long ago that had been. It wasn't as if she hadn't gone long stretches without food before. Unkar Plutt never cared if she starved so why should Ren? "I do not expect you to work for nourishment," he stated clearly appalled by the notion. "The stores are well stocked, I will have Kay-four fetch you a selection of ration packs. The food is basic but fresh produce tends to spoil quickly here, even with the cooling vents." Rey gave a hollow laugh. "Basic is scavenging all day for one-quarter portion of veg-meat and polystarch. And that's if you're lucky." Kylo looked at her as if she were speaking a language he didn't understand. But she felt pity radiating from him and it injured her pride. She hadn't meant to expose her past deprivations to him. For his part, he hadn't really contemplated the harsh realities of her life on Jakku. It had been her aching loneliness that first drew him to her because it matched his own. The daily grind of being a scavenger hadn't been of much interest to him before now. He wanted to know more but sensed she didn't want to talk about it. The audible growling of her stomach causing her embarrassment, and him, discomfort. Both of them were relieved when they arrived at the archives room. K-4DR had plugged himself into one of the terminals and data rapidly flashed on the bank of screens in front of him. Occasionally the image would freeze and the file got tagged for future reference. Upon seeing his master enter, the droid paused in his work and stood to attention. "I have almost finished isolating the relevant files and with your list of refinements, the number for consideration has been reduced to nine thousand and fifty-seven." "We'd better get started then," Rey said as she took a seat at the nearest console. She felt Kylo's gaze on her and sensed his uncertainty. Turning to face him, she could see he wanted to ask her something. "What?" she snapped irritated by his hesitation. After having his eyes opened to the past hardships she'd endured, a matter of some delicacy had occurred to him. "I don't suppose you got much of an education on Jakku," he trailed off reluctant to ask about her literacy skills but she got the gist, nonetheless. "I can read, thank you very much," she informed him. "Although, it would have blown a pretty big hole in your grand plan to rule the galaxy if I didn't know how wouldn't it?" Rey sneered turning her attention back to the datascreen. Ren's hand flew instinctively to his lightsaber as it often did when his temper flared. Right from the start, he had singled her out for special treatment. Why couldn't she see they were meant to be together? First, the Jedi code prohibited him from attachments and then Snoke told him he would be more powerful if he remained pure. He no longer subscribed to either ideology. The force sent Rey to him and he wanted her in every way. Kylo didn't realise he'd ignited his lightsaber until Rey's fear levels spiked. Breathing heavily, he deactivated it his face hot from anger, lust, and shame. "I promised you food," he murmured needing to escape her judgemental glare and find something he could take his frustration out on. "Kay-four, watch over my guest," Kylo commanded the droid who signalled his readiness. "This door will not unlock for anyone but me," he warned making sure Rey understood the situation. "I will return soon." "Don't hurry on my account," she hissed. "I seem to have lost my appetite." He knew that wasn't true. Her hunger ran so deep it had become a physical ache. Scuttling from the room the same way he'd done after she'd resisted his attempt to get the map, he took a moment to recover from the sting of her hatred for him. He had acted on impulse by taking her from Ahch-To and it could cost him dearly. Perhaps he should have bided his time and planned more carefully. He had searched his feelings after Starkiller and asked his grandfather for guidance. It came to him in a dream; he would find what he sought on Mustafar. No details were shown to him but he wasn't deterred, all he cared about was his grandfather's legacy and the girl. It wasn't going as he'd imagined, she constantly surprised him in ways he hadn't anticipated. Her life on Jakku was something he could barely comprehend. More despondent now than angry, Kylo headed off to get the rations. Rey stared blankly at the datascreen in front of her. She could grab K-4DR's blaster and try to make a break for freedom. With a surreptitious glance, she could see he had resumed scanning the files. Her eyes darted to the holster at his side. "I feel it only fair to warn you, I know all the places it is possible to shoot a humanoid without killing them," Kay-four informed her as he swivelled round to face her. "I also have sensors in the back of my head." Blushing at being caught out, Rey vented her exasperation at her predicament. "Ren might call me his guest but I'm a prisoner." "I have seen what happens to prisoners that get brought here," the droid said in his unwavering tone despite the ominous implications. "Let's just say, I didn't need to prepare a fancy bed chamber for any of them." It got worse and worse, Rey rested her head in her hands in despair. What consolation could she take from Kylo acting like a monster to everyone but her? A short while later, Ren returned laden with a crate full of rations. He set it down beside her and reached inside for a carton. "I didn't know if you liked blue milk but it's always been a favourite of mine. Even this heat treated version is nice," he enthused handing it to her. She had the vague notion she'd drunk some as a young child but she couldn't remember the taste of it. Like so many things from that time, the memory had been lost to her. Rey opened the carton and brought the spout to her lips. Kylo's fascinated gaze made her uneasy but she refused to be put off. The second the creamy liquid hit her tongue, she entered a state of bliss. She'd never tasted anything so delicious and she closed her eyes to savour every last drop. "You like it then?" Kylo gazed down at her with a smile on his face. She couldn't help returning the gesture. "Yes, thank you." Her smile widened as he pointed to a dozen or more unopened cartons still inside the crate. "There are cookies, cakes, cereal bars, root chips and dried strips of Bantha meat. Take whatever you want," he instructed her. Rey began to feel overwhelmed her eyes glistening with tears. She had never seen such a bountiful feast let alone sampled any of its delights. Her hand hovered over the crate not knowing which item to try first. After years of nothing but veg-meat, she settled on the dried Bantha strips. She tore into the packet with her teeth and wasted no time in noisily chewing through the contents. Kylo raised his eyebrows at her table manners but said nothing. Her happiness was infectious and it pleased him to discover he could still feel it too. He'd forgotten the joy of life's simple pleasures. With both of their moods vastly improved, the hours spent going through the files flew by. Kylo realised how late it had got when he noticed his companion's eyelids drooping. Rey felt exhausted and couldn't stifle her yawns any longer. She'd relaxed enough in Ren's company to let tiredness get the better of her, her fear of him taking her to bed the only thing keeping her awake. K-4DR had shut down unexpectedly a short while ago and had been left to recharge. She hadn't been concerned about being alone with Kylo until now. "We shall retire for the night," he announced getting to his feet and holding out his hand to her. With a worried frown, Rey hesitantly got up refusing his assistance; she hated feeling so vulnerable. Perhaps he expected some payment in kind, although he'd told her she didn't have to work for her meals. She would fight him with every ounce of her strength but if he wanted to take her by force, she wasn't sure she could stop him. "I haven't - with a man - or a woman," she said too flustered and upset to properly explain her fears or meet his gaze. Kylo had sensed her anxiety but mistook the source of it, assuming she merely feared the loss of her virginity. He could relate to that, although he felt more excited than afraid at the prospect. "There is no need to worry, I don't expect us to share a bed until after we are married," he said as if he'd already sealed the deal. "Even then, I realise it may take some time for the physical side of things to develop. I'm not renowned for my patience but I will wait for you, Rey." Once again, he left her agog. No doubt he considered himself to be an honourable gentleman, despite murdering his father. He clearly expected her to overlook the rather significant flaws in his character and play the dutiful wife. "Happabores will fly before I marry you," Rey scoffed. "It is the will of the force," Kylo declared undeterred by her lack of enthusiasm. "You can't fight it, only accept it." There had to be some way of breaking a force bond without one of the parties involved dying. Rey needed to escape and fast. "No, I will never be your wife," she cried. Kylo gave her a smug smirk. "We'll see." Notes: Thank you to everyone who has taken an interest in this story, I'm so grateful to everyone who has taken the time to leave a comment or award kudos. It means the world to me to know people are enjoying what I've written. I hope you all enjoyed this chapter. Please, do let me know. I couldn't resist doing my own take on Rogue One's K-2SO. I loved that droid! Thanks again - Mrs. P Chapter 3 : Forcing The Issue Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey went into the refresher, her gaze drifting between the shower and the bath. She chose the large oval-shaped tub and activated the tap. Hot water gushed out and, adjusting the temperature gauge, she sat marvelling at it. On Jakku, it had been such a precious resource no one wasted it on bathing. She spied bottles of coloured liquid on a nearby shelf. Unscrewing the lids and sniffing them, Rey settled on the floral smelling purple one. She poured a small amount into the running water and watched in wonder as it started to foam. It covered the surface in a thick froth and, having peeled off her clothes, she gingerly stepped inside. A groan of pleasure escaped her lips as she sank into it. For a moment, her troubles drifted away and she began to enjoy her first ever bath. She scooped up a handful of foam and blew on it, watching the little clouds it created float back into the water. Rey started to wonder if the dark side might be seducing her after all. But she reasoned there wasn't any harm in making the best of a bad situation. Her peace of mind didn't last long as her thoughts drifted to Kylo. She knew he regretted killing Han, she had felt his deep remorse, but he had to be mad to imagine she could marry him. It shamed her to admit the erotic images he filled her dreams with had elicited a physical response. A couple of times, Rey had awoken to slickness between her thighs and an ache she didn't know how to soothe. There had been no place for indulging sexual urges in her previous life; it had all been about survival. She'd barely had time to contemplate the changes in her body as she'd grown from a girl into a woman. Attractive young men were few and far between on Jakku but things had certainly started to look up on that front of late. Finn, she considered handsome and kind-hearted. He had been her first friend and she felt safe with him. Poe Dameron caught everyone's eye and Rey had once seen him on a Resistance recruitment poster. When she met him on D'Qar, she'd gawked at him as if he were a holo-movie idol. As for Kylo, her feelings for him veered between hatred and - something else. What it was she couldn't or wouldn't define. She only knew no one had ever made her feel that way before him. Her hand drifted between her legs and she started to explore with her fingers. It felt strange at first and slightly tingly if she hit a particular spot. Gradually a pleasurable sensation started to build and she wanted to know where it would lead. The resolution proved frustratingly elusive and she soon gave up the chase. Baths were nice but wasteful, Rey concluded after soaking for a short while. She had barely stepped out of the tub when Kylo announced his presence. Clutching a large black bath sheet around her, she stormed to the fresher door, foamy water pooling at her feet as he hovered awkwardly in the bedchamber. "Apologies, I -" he faltered as he met her furious glare. "I felt something through the bond; you seemed to be - happy." It hadn't occurred to him that he might find her naked but for a towel, and dripping wet. "Of course, I was happy," she declared as if speaking to a fool. "You would be too if the closest thing you got to a bath for years was the occasional half bucket of murky water scavenged from a watering hole. I thought the communal fresher at the resistance base was paradise, but this - to have hot water and fancy soap is, well, beyond anything I ever imagined. Trust you to go and spoil it." Rey couldn't help noticing the dark circles under Kylo's eyes. She'd thought for sure she would be the one not to get a wink of sleep. But as it transpired, she'd been out like a light almost as soon as her head hit the pillow. The bed had been so comfortable and her tiredness all consuming, not even him invading her dreams could disturb her slumber. "I didn't realise you would be in a state of undress." His cheeks and the visible parts of his prominent ears had turned bright red. Kylo averted his gaze after she caught him admiring the way the damp ends of her hair fell across her bare shoulders. As much as he wanted to sneak another look, he had plans for the day. He wanted to test her force abilities in a controlled environment. "I didn't have time to get any new clothes for you but there are some clean tunics and pants in the closet that should fit. I'll return shortly and we will go to the training room." "Hang on a minute," Rey halted him before he got to the door. Her towel slipped down to reveal a hint of cleavage and, glad of his cape, Kylo did his best to hide his interest. She fixed him with a fierce glare. "Going through old datafiles is one thing, I don't mind that so much, but you won't be teaching me anything about the force." He huffed with annoyance; Snoke would get suspicious if he stayed on Mustafar for more than a few days without good reason. It occurred to him that he could give Skywalker up, or his location, at least. If the old fool had any sense he would have left Ahch-To by now. He might be able to buy a bit more time but he couldn't hide Rey away forever. She had to be persuaded to cooperate somehow. Her mind needed to be open to all possibilities, and sooner rather than later, but he would have to tread carefully. Perhaps he could tempt her or at least pique her curiosity with a softer option, to begin with. "What if I taught you a few things Skywalker taught me?" She fell for the bait, her eyes wide with interest. "I - I don't know." Her expression quickly turned to mistrust. "You're not going to turn me to the dark side." Kylo snorted. "After this," he pointed to his scar, "I think you're already halfway there, sunbeam." Rey glowered hard at him fighting the urge to punch him in the face. Perhaps he had a point, she sighed. Her hot temper had got her into trouble in the past. It had saved her from plenty, too. Scavengers couldn't often afford to be nice people. Rey did want to learn more about the force. She still hoped Luke would be the one to teach her, as soon as he pulled himself together. If she let Kylo corrupt her she might never get the chance to become a Jedi. "Take me back to Ahch-To," she demanded. "The force didn't lead me to you; it led me to that island, the one I dreamed about. You had no right to take me away from it." "I had every right," he growled closing in on her. "You belong with me and I won't let you go. The force itself has bonded us together." Rey kept a tight grasp on her towel with one hand and pushed him away with the other. "That's Bantha fodder!" she spat. "If say a Wookiee or Mon Calamari had caught that lightsaber and kicked your arse, I bet you wouldn't be prattling on to them about how the two of you were meant to be." For a dark moment, Kylo imagined ripping the towel from her and kissing her all over. She smelled like a summer's day and he wanted to see if she tasted like sunshine. Although he'd never done the deed, he'd seen enough in other people's heads to make him sure he could pleasure Rey, if only she'd let him make his dreams reality. Her radiance and beauty made him hunger for her so badly it hurt. She must have sensed his thoughts or seen his craving for her reflected in his eyes because she appeared alarmed all of a sudden. Kylo moved to put distance between them to lessen her anxiety. No matter how desperately he wanted her, he wouldn't make a move on her until she wanted him too. "Get dressed, I'll be back to collect you soon," he commanded brooking no further arguments about the training. Once alone with the door locked, Rey slumped down on the bed. Tears welled up in her eyes and she let them fall. As much as she hated the idea of spending any time with Kylo, she needed to keep looking for some means of escape. It would be dangerous for her to stay with him for many reasons. She had to get as far away as possible. The force could be the key to escaping, it had been on Starkiller. She didn't imagine mind tricks would help her this time around but trickery of a different sort might. The training room spooked her from the start. Cavernous and dimly lit, it hardly appeared inviting. Rey could sense the dark side more strongly there than in other parts of the castle and she didn't like it one bit. Sulking by the locked door, she flicked her hair away from her vest wishing she hadn't left it untied. Her clothes were dirty and it pained her to put them on after bathing, but she refused to wear the black ones in the closet. She would wash her own things out before bed and let them dry overnight unless she could escape first. K-4DR arrived at the door shortly after them carrying a crate. "Here are the items you requested, Master Ren. I have also taken the liberty of adding some bacta patches." Kylo gave him a scowl of disapproval and took the box from him. "Those won't be necessary; Rey will come to no harm." He had no wish to add to her anxiety. "They aren't for her," the droid said to Ren's dismay. He sent K-4DR to continue sorting through the datafiles and began rifling through the crate. "I have something for you." Mischief glinting in his eyes, he held aloft a lightsaber hilt. He took it and set it down on the ground at the far side of the room. "If you want it, you will have to call it to you as you did with my grandfather's." Rey eyed it cautiously; she couldn't believe Kylo would give her a weapon after what happened on Starkiller. He obviously thought her victory had been a fluke. We'll see about that, she said to herself reaching out her hand. When the hilt didn't move, she closed her eyes to better connect with the force. Maz spoke of it being a light to guide her and that's how she'd pictured it. Again, she tried and again nothing happened. Rey heaved out a sigh of frustration. It had come instinctively to her the first time around and she couldn't seem to tap into it at will. Kylo watched with amusement. "Would it help if I pitched in?" His smug smirk served to inflame her anger. She tried again and this time the hilt started to twitch. Hope flared in her only to be snuffed out when she failed to call it to her. Shucking off his cloak, Kylo neatly folded it and placed it on top of the crate. He did the same with his tunic to reveal muscular arms and a well-toned torso covered by a form-fitting black sleeveless vest. "The distance is nothing," he said closing the space between them. "The force is everywhere, it's all around us. Reach out and feel it." Rey found her mouth had gone dry all of a sudden. Somehow her gaze had drifted from his expressive eyes down to below his belt and she blushed. She did note his lightsaber wasn't hanging from its usual loop. But, to her shame, it wasn't what had drawn her attention there. He smirked again as Rey attempted to recover her composure after getting caught ogling him. Huffing, she closed her eyes and tried to do what he'd said but her resistance to following his instructions held her back. "Stop fighting it," Kylo murmured, so close to her ear the vibration from his voice sent a delicious shiver down her spine. "It isn't in here," he said tapping her forehead lightly with his warm fingers. "Let go and let it in." This time, she listened and surrendered to the force. She could feel the energy flowing through and all around them. The lightsaber hilt rose up into the air and sailed directly into her outstretched hand. She pressed the button to activate it sending out a beam of green light. It didn't look as powerful as the one she'd returned to Luke. "It's a training lightsaber once used by Jedi younglings," Kylo explained as she examined it contemplating her next move. "It will bruise or burn an opponent in combat but nothing worse." Of course, he wouldn't give her a real weapon, Rey had already surmised as much. It's not as if she would hurt him without cause. He bent down to retrieve another hilt from the crate. It wasn't his usual weapon, it had no vents, and a blue beam extended from it when activated. "If I were training with my knights, we would use real weapons but I think we should stick with these for now." Kylo twirled the training saber, missing the crackle of his red blade. Rey glowered at him. "Why, are you afraid I'll beat you again if you give me the real thing?" He growled in anger and went over to the wall. With the flip of a switch, a hidden panel appeared and he keyed in a code. Small hatches in the ceiling opened with a series of snaps and seven orb-shaped training droid's flew out hovering in the air above them. The floor beneath them started to rumble as random blocks rose up under their feet in an ever-shifting landscape. "Let's see how well you do this time," Kylo taunted as he activated the droids. He easily deflected the blaster bolts but Rey wasn't so lucky. She hissed in pain as one hit her in the leg delivering a stinging shock. "You must learn to focus," Ren instructed as he dodged the moving blocks and swung his lightsaber with efficiency. He made it look so effortless and she wanted to wipe the smugness from his face. With a deep breath, she reached out like he'd taught her and pushed forward. The droids swarmed around her but she deflected every shot. Rey made her way from one side of the training room to the other with ease. Pumped up from her success, she swung her lightsaber at Kylo. Her attack took him by surprise but he had no difficulty blocking her. With a force push, he deactivated the training droids and halted the moving floor. The time had come for him to show her what he could do when he wasn't bleeding out from a hole in his side. Rey met him stroke for stroke as the force surged between them. It filled her with exhilaration like nothing before. His eyes blazed with the same thrill of being completely in sync with her. All of a sudden, she heard voices and images flashed before her eyes sending her off balance. Kylo couldn't pull back in time and his lightsaber connected with the exposed skin of her upper arm. Rey gasped in pain and slumped to the ground. The burn broke her vision returning her to the present with a jolt. "What happened, did you see something?" He inquired frantically snatching a bacta patch from the crate. Taking a seat beside her, he gently pressed it to the long red welt just below her shoulder. It had been a similar experience to when she first picked up the Skywalker lightsaber. Rey closed her eyes in an attempt to piece together the confusing fragments she'd seen. "I heard a man and woman arguing; the woman said, Luke thinks he should start his training as soon as possible, and I agree. The man said, Sounds like it's all been decided whether I like it or not. There was a boy sat alone in the next room listening. He looked like a much younger version of you," she said opening her eyes to see his sad expression, which matched that of the boy's exactly. "Oh, it was you." "What else did you see?" Kylo asked brushing off her pitying look, not keen on reliving any memories from his childhood. Rey frowned with concentration trying to recall every detail. "You were begging your father to stop your mother from sending you away. Han said, Sorry, kid, there are some odds you just can't beat. Changing your mother's mind once she's made it up is beyond me. The next moment, you were on a sand planet with Luke looking up at a twin sunset as the Falcon flew away. I kept hearing another voice echoing over the others. It said your parents didn't want you around. It's telling you things, bad things that aren't true. I've heard that voice before." Kylo's eyes were wide with realisation. "Snoke has spoken to you?" She nodded, feeling sick. "On Starkiller, after I opened myself to the force and got the upper hand against you, I heard him goading me to kill you. If the ground hadn't split…" It shouldn't have been a surprise; Snoke had long harboured doubts about him. He always demanded more proof of his loyalty and not even killing Han proved to be enough for his master. The girl was to be his replacement not a lesson for him in the perils of compassion. "If we don't find a way to defeat him, he will take you and mould you as he did with me," Ren warned as he covered her trembling hands with his own. After the heady rush of feeling at one with the force, his caution hit like a sobering slap to the face. Rey recognised the two of them had more in common than she thought. The image she'd seen of him as a lonely boy watching his parents fly away from him resonated with her. He wasn't a monster, at least not enough of a monster that she couldn't feel empathy for him. If she abandoned him now, it would probably send him scurrying back to Snoke and the First Order. She had to convince him to join her rather than the other way around. With her hands in his, she pleaded with him. "We need to return to Ahch-To. The isolation has sent Luke a bit peculiar but you could talk to him. He could help and your mother needs you…" "No," Kylo snarled releasing her. "There is no going back for either of us. Could you live with no attachments? I traded one kind of lonely hell for another when I rejected the Jedi and joined Snoke. You're all I want now." "What about what I want?" Rey spat her temper flaring. He reached out to brush a strand of stray hair from her face. "I've seen inside your head, I know how lonely you were on Jakku. Trust me, the loneliness of the Jedi life is just as bad, if not worse, especially when you long to be loved. I didn't seek out this connection between us but I can't be sorry for it, either." The resentment in her eyes pained him and he started to get to his feet. She grabbed his hand to stop him. He had a point about the loneliness of the Jedi life. It certainly hadn't done Luke any favours. "Kiss me," Rey demanded, surprising them both. She had never kissed anyone before. Why she should want to kiss him, she didn't know. But she did want to, desperately. Before she could change her mind, Kylo gently cupped her face in his hands. She mirrored him, her fingers toying with strands of his silky hair. He'd imagined this moment so many times, it hardly seemed real. Hearts pounding in unison, they closed their eyes in anticipation. The moment their lips touched, they felt the force thrumming around them as if their union truly was blessed. Neither of them knew what they were doing but it didn't matter. Their mouths moved clumsily and sloppily at first, all unskilled tongues and clashing teeth. Kylo didn't want it to end. She flooded the dark corners of his soul with sunshine and he wanted to bask in her light. The torn pieces inside him began to knit back together. It was passion and peace; all the things he'd been denied or told couldn't coexist. Rey melted into his kisses, savouring the sinful taste of his soft lips. She felt both corrupted and complete. A delicious shiver ran through her as he stole her breath away. After what could have been five minutes or five hours, they broke apart. Kylo couldn't quite believe what had happened between them. Rey appeared shell shocked too. "Shouldn't we see if Kay-four has found anything?" She muttered seemingly intent on pretending that they hadn't just blown each other's minds. He grabbed the training lightsabers and helped her to her feet. Picking up the crate, he led her to the door in silence. Rey had never been so mortified. What had she done? She could blame her actions on the influence of the dark side she could sense all around her. It might make her feel better if she did, but she'd wanted Kylo to kiss her and she'd enjoyed it. She hung her head in shame disappointed at herself for forgetting she was still his prisoner. "What just happened," she said halting him in his tracks, "it can never happen again." Sorrow filled his eyes. "Not while I'm your captive," she added. I'll stay and help you defeat Snoke if it can be done, but you have to trust me." He wanted to trust her. "There is no way off this planet without me. If you tried to run away, I'd find you," he swore. "No more locked doors, then?" Kylo grudging gave a nod of assent. Rey sighed; it wasn't exactly freedom but it was a start. Notes: Thank you to everyone who is taking the time to read what I've written. It's much appreciated as are your comments and kudos. Please, do let me know what works and what doesn't. I will try and answer any queries that won't give the future plot away. Thanks again - Mrs. P Notes: I've only gone and joined Tumblr! I've got no clue what I'm doing on there or how the bloomin' thing works. But if you'd be so kind as to take a look, I'm here https://mrspepperpotwritesfanfiction.tumblr.com/