Background When Katniss was initially approached by General Organa about joining the Resistance, she was hesitant. “I want to help, but I am done killing people,” she stated adamantly. “There are ways to fight the First Order without killing,” Organa said kindly and simply. Katniss appreciated her directness. The general and Katniss first met after she delivered an impassioned speech before the Republican Senate. Katniss begged for aid after frequent incursions by the First Order had left Panem weak and unprotected. As a citizen of an unallied planet, no aide was offered. Several senators privately told Katniss that the Republic did not wish to antagonize the First Order and sought to delay any conflict for as long as possible. Several months later, Katniss eventually joined the Resistance, not because of a change of heart about killing. Quite simply, she had nowhere else to go. --- True to her word, General Organa did not make Katniss fight as a soldier. Instead, she joined the base agriculture team, sharing skills she acquired with Peeta after the second Rebellion. She gathered fruits and greens from the forest. And when meat stores ran low, Katniss hunted on D’Qar bringing in wild turkey, big game, and the occasional tree goat. Katniss often chose to sleep in her tent on the corner of the base grounds. The Resistance provided her with a small bunk in one of the dorms, but Katniss found that her frequent nightmares awoke her bunkmates who asked questions she was not prepared to answer. Sleeping outside provided her privacy, and she found herself happiest curled up with her dog, Arlo, listening to the rain hit the fly of her tent. Few people knew of Katniss’ history. Occasionally whispers of her soldier past would surface. But with her withdrawn nature and work on the agriculture team, it was hard for people to believe that Katniss had been a formidable warrior. Most days, she kept to herself, planting and harvesting in the garden, and bringing food to the kitchens before meals. That all changed once she heard that a First Order stormtrooper had defected and helped the Resistance destroy Starkiller base. Chapter 2 : Meet the Pilot Summary: Poe was surprised to find a brunette woman with a long side braid peering cautiously into the med bay. He searched his memory for her name, but came up lacking. He vaguely remembered seeing her on base, tanning the skin of an animal or butchering the meat following a hunt. It had felt to him like an odd, primitive practice, but he appreciated having meat in his diet so he had decided to not think about it. None of this explained why she was now standing one step away from the medbay door breathing shallowly. BB-8 alerted him to her presence. Poe’s first instinct was protectiveness. Despite Finn’s contribution to the destruction of Starkiller, some people were resistant to having an ex-stormtrooper on base. Poe wondered if this strange woman might mean Finn harm or if she bore a grudge against the First Order. Notes: I'm pretty new to creative writing, so if anyone has suggestions to enhance readability, I'd love it! Poe was surprised to find a brunette woman with a long side braid peering cautiously into the med bay. He searched his memory for her name, but came up lacking. He vaguely remembered seeing her on base, tanning the skin of an animal or butchering the meat following a hunt. It had felt to him like an odd, primitive practice, but he appreciated having meat in his diet so he had decided to not think about it. None of this explained why she was now standing one step away from the medbay door breathing shallowly. BB-8 alerted him to her presence. Poe’s first instinct was protectiveness. Despite Finn’s contribution to the destruction of Starkiller, some people were resistant to having an ex-stormtrooper on base. Poe wondered if this strange woman might mean Finn harm or if she bore a grudge against the First Order. Katniss appeared to be talking to herself, and Poe strode toward her with a gentle but firm look on his face. “Can I help you?” he asked. She did not speak immediately, instead pulling a bouquet of flowers from behind her back, clippings from the garden that she handed to Poe. “I thought he might like these,” she stated. “Some of these were native to my home planet. The general let me grow them here.” Poe was surprised and reached for the flowers wondering where he could find a vase. “Finn’s not awake yet,” the pilot said. “The doctors say he may be in a coma for a little while.” “I understand,” Katniss replied, the words rushing out quickly. “The flowers are aromatic. It's comforting. At least, I always felt that way.” Without elaboration she quickly turned and walked down the hallway. Caught off guard, Poe paused and said “Thank you” quietly, but Katniss was already gone. --- “How’s your trooper?” Jess asked him that night at dinner as he sat down across from her and Snap. Poe sat down across from her and Snap. “Ex-trooper,” he corrected but there was no heat behind his words. “No changes yet. Doctor Kalonia told Rey that Finn would be alright, but they don’t know when he will wake up from the coma.” Poe had been spending most of his free time in the med bay with Finn now that Rey had gone to find Luke Skywalker. He received some good natured ribbing from his flight team about this, but they knew what it was like to owe someone your life. “Something weird did happen today, though” he stated as he tore a piece of bread and popped it in his mouth. “You guys know that woman who works in the garden, brunette hair with a side braid?” Jess nodded, “Her name is Katniss.” “Katniss, thanks. I couldn’t remember her name.” He paused and took a sip of water. “She brought Finn flowers today.” “What’s weird about that? A lot of people give flowers when someone is sick” Snap stated. “It’s a nice thing to do.” “Well, she didn’t exactly come into the medbay,” Poe explained. “She just stood barely outside looking extremely uncomfortable. When I went to talk to her she basically threw the flowers at me and ran off.” “Maybe she’s shy and sweet on Finn,” Jess said grinning. “You might have some competition.” Poe rolled his eyes. “It’s not like that with me and Finn. I like my boyfriends to be conscious.” Snap interjected, “Maybe she’s sweet on you. You’ve never had a shortage of adoring fans.” Poe shrugged his shoulders. “Who knows? She’s a little odd, don’t you think? I don’t know much about her.” Jess leaned in close and lowered her voice, “I heard someone say that General Organa personally recruited her to join the Resistance. She used to be a soldier and a competitive fighter.” Snapped emitted a short laugh, “She works in the garden and hunts with a bow and arrow. I don’t think she’s a great soldier.” Jess frowned. “Suit yourself. I think there’s something up with her.” Poe didn’t believe quite Jess’ story, but decided to keep an eye on Katniss all the same. Chapter 3 : Meet the Pilots Summary: Katniss didn’t come to the med bay the next day or the day after that. Just when Poe thought the flowers, now in a vase by Finn’s bed, might have been a fluke, a random act of kindness, Katniss again showed up at the med bay door. She still did not step in, but looked considerably less anxious than before. Poe walked over and greeted her. “You’re Katniss, right? I’m sorry that I couldn’t remember your name last time.” Katniss nodded and held out a small bowl of berries. “I found these in the forest today. They are sweet. Don’t worry, they aren’t poisonous.” Poe smiled and thought, So the crush is on me then. I’ll let her down easy. Before Poe could say anything, Katniss handed him a data rod. “This has music from my home planet on it. I’ve heard music can help people when…” she didn’t finish her sentence but gestured vaguely at Finn. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Katniss didn’t come to the med bay the next day or the day after that. Just when Poe thought the flowers, now in a vase by Finn’s bed, might have been a fluke, a random act of kindness, Katniss again showed up at the med bay door. She still did not step in, but looked considerably less anxious than before. Poe walked over and greeted her. “You’re Katniss, right? I’m sorry that I couldn’t remember your name last time.” Katniss nodded and held out a small bowl of berries. “I found these in the forest today. They are sweet. Don’t worry, they aren’t poisonous.” Poe smiled and thought, So the crush is on me then. I’ll let her down easy. Before Poe could say anything, Katniss handed him a data rod. “This has music from my home planet on it. I’ve heard music can help people when…” she didn’t finish her sentence but gestured vaguely at Finn. Poe took the data rod from her hand and thanked her. Before he could say more, Katniss again turned and rushed down the hall. Guess she’s not much for conversation , he thought. Katniss continued this pattern of dropping by Finn’s room with small gifts. Gradually she stayed longer, relaxing by degrees but never fully comfortable. Being around medical staff reminded her of Prim, a loss she still felt keenly some ten years later. Poe was nearly always there when she stopped by. He appeared to have become accustomed to her, informing her of Finn’s progress and always thanking her for the gifts. She wasn’t entirely sure that she liked Poe yet. He was charming, laughed frequently, and smiled easily. He seemed sincere but Katniss had schooled herself to be on guard around charming people. She preferred people who spoke plainly and simply. During one visit, Poe reached for her arm in thanks, Katniss flinched and stepped away. “I’m sorry to scare you,” he apologized. She nodded and there were a few moments of silence until she relaxed her stance. “Old habits,” she said quietly, attempted a smile, and turned to walk away. “Wait, Katniss,” Poe called. She turned slowly toward him. “When do you eat dinner?” he asked. “I’ve been looking for you at meals, but you never seem to be around.” Katniss eyed him warily. She rarely ate in the mess hall and preferred to sit by herself in a corner when she did. “I usually eat by myself outside.” “I wanted to invite you to eat with me and my friends tonight, if you are free.” Poe offered. “You don’t have to feel sorry for me,” Katniss replied. “I like being alone.” “I don’t feel sorry for you. I wanted to thank you for all you have done for Finn.” Katniss gave him an appraising look. He appeared to be sincere, and so she nodded her head. “Great!” Poe smiled. “We’ll be in the mess at 7.” She gave him another long look and said, “See you then.” --- Katniss arrived at the mess hall right at seven. Poe saw her and waved. She grabbed a tray of food and walked to his table where he was already sitting with a few of the other pilots. Although she had not spoken with them personally, the pilots were somewhat of celebrities on base, and she recognized them as Snap, Jess, and lolo. She sat down by Poe, and he introduced her to the others. Katniss smiled stiffly. After initial pleasantries were exchanged, the pilots asked Katniss about her background and she carefully avoided direct answers. Instead she asked, “I’d rather hear about you all. How did you get recruited for the Resistance?” “Well,” Poe started. “Snap, lolo, and I all flew together with the Republic. After the Republic ignored actions by the First Order, I was recruited by General Organa to the Resistance. Snap and lolo came with me.” Jess cut in, “I’m from Dandoran, which is Hutt Space. The General is pretty well known there, what with the bikini/chain thing.” “What!” Katniss interrupted. “Leia wore a chain bikini? There’s got to be more to this story.” Jess looked at her incredulously. “You haven’t heard the story?” “I promise if we talk long enough, you will have that reaction frequently, so you may as well get it out of your system now. Panem was pretty isolated. I didn’t grow up hearing the same stories you all did.” This seemed to satisfy Jess. “Well, this is a good one. One time the General was taken prisoner by Jabba the Hutt and forced to wear a bikini. She got free by choking him to death with her chains. She’s always been a hero of mine, so when I found out about the Resistance, I joined right away.” “That’s awesome. I didn’t know Leia was such a badass!” Poe cut in, “You are the only person I know who doesn’t call her the general or Organa.” “You’ll have to excuse Poe,” Snap chuckled. “He has a bit of a hero worship thing with Organa.” “I do not! Well, maybe a little. I’m just not used to people calling her Leia.” Katniss shrugged and made a small smile. “Perks of being a civilian.” A squat technician with blonde hair noticed Poe across the mess hall and started walking toward him. Poe grunted and said, “Incoming.” Jess looked at him sympathetically. He whispered quickly, “This guy, Phil, has been complaining to everyone about Finn being here. He’s trying to get him removed from the base. I think he’s wanting to make a scene or pick a fight with me.” Katniss turned to see the approaching man. The technician continued his march over, his face reddening. He started his challenge before he reached the table, “Hey Dameron, how’s the trooper? Can’t believe you…” Before he could continue, Katniss slipped her foot forward, and the technician fell down spectacularly. The whole mess hall went quiet. Poe and the other pilots looked surprised. Phil rubbed his knee, rant forgotten. He glared angrily at Katniss. “Sorry,” she shrugged. She stood up, turned, and winked at Jess, who smirked. “See you guys later.” “Same time tomorrow, Katniss” Jess said. She hit Poe playfully on the shoulder, “I like her.” Katniss smiled gratefully. It was a relief to be able make friends without Peeta. Notes: Suggestions? I feel like Jessika Pava and Katniss would get along for some reason.