Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Chapter One Sleeping Beauty The girl was a pretty one, even with the cold lifeless eyes staring up at nothing. Her sickly-pale skin shimmered under the ray of sunlight pouring through the window, her silky dark hair panned out across the floorboards. She would’ve been the type of girl to turn heads as she walked the streets; the type of girl to make other girls envious; the type of girl to stir up a bit of trouble. Right now, she almost looked angelic – peaceful even. The situation was anything but peaceful, however. ‘She was too young to die,’ Rey remarked silently, casting another look to her pretty face – with her full blue lips, crusty nose and forehead marred with a hole in her head. She sighed for the second time after arriving at apartment 3B on Tashtor Street before crouching down low until her knees clicked in protest, raising the camera to eye-level. The bright flash filled the room in an instant, just at the simple press of the button. “No signs of forced entry. Not that I can tell, anyways.” Rey pulled away from the camera and stood up straight, quickly skimming through the photos before turning to address whoever spoke. “Nothing seemed off to you?” She asked quietly, flicking away from the girl’s body to Detective Finn Trooper’s grim expression. “Not that I could tell. Officer Sonnel has all the information; she’s in the kitchen with the Sarge.” He replied, beckoning her to follow him. When Rey entered the kitchen, she was met with Sergeant Dameron’s solemn expression. She nodded at Officer Sonnel before asking for information. “What do we have?” “Ashlyn Springs, nineteen years old studying here at the local university. Neighbours heard the gunshot and called it in.” Greer offered up firmly, glancing between the three Detectives in front of her. “Any family?” She asked. “It’s complicated.” Greer grimaced. “The woman in 3A said she had no family. Poor thing was too distraught to elaborate though.” “They must’ve been close – a motherly figure maybe.” Poe suggested. “Maybe she’s settled down by now. It’s worth a try?” Detective Trooper shrugged. Rey nodded absent-mindedly, deep in thought. “What’re you thinking, Niima?” “I think this is messy. Very messy.” She answered Poe’s question honestly. “First-Degree-Murder. The perp definitely planned this.” “This case has Major Crimes written all over it. I give it two weeks’ tops before they swoop in and make it their priority.” Finn growled. “Well we better solve this before that happens.” She quipped. “You’re the primary, Niima. You’re in charge.” “You get anything from the other neighbours?” She turned to Greer. “No one was home in 3D and 3C hasn’t been rented out for months.” “Door-Duty will be a waste of time then – except for the lady in 3A.” “Vivienne Wright.” Greer supplied. “Has the M.E been called in?” Poe asked. “Yeah, he’s on his way. Shouldn’t be too long.” “Good.” Rey hushed out. “I thought I saw some bruising around the neck but I didn’t want to tamper with the body.” “How’re we playing this Rey?” Finn finally asked. “Alright… Greer, call in a team of officer’s – search for prints and evidence, and check anything that looks out of the ordinary to you; you know the drill . Finn can stay with Greer and get the M.E’s opinion while the Sarge’ and I’ll go back to the precinct. I’ll get these printed out and Poe can assist me with a little research.” She gestured to the camera. “Sounds good to me.” Finn nodded his head. “But what about Vivienne Wright? Want me to question her?” “Give her some time. We can drop by tomorrow morning and get some info’.” Rey turned to Poe. “You get it all down?” “Every single detail. We ready to go?” He asked as he withdrew his sunglasses from the inside of his TPD windbreaker. She nodded her head in reply. “Nice work Greer. We’ll keep you posted.” “Thanks Rey. Good luck on this one.” Greer responded with a small smile before stalking off to call in a few more hands. “You’ll be alright here alone, Trooper?” Poe joked trying to shed some light on the situation. “Come on, Dameron. I have your lucky jacket to keep me company.” Poe’s grin soured while Rey rolled her eyes. Finn did a twirl to really rub it in, the brown leather jacket flowing with his movement. “At least it suits you.” He grumbled before exiting the kitchen, dodging Finn’s hug “Don’t ever make a bet with him again, please.” “Oh, come on, Rey-zor. You weren’t even here for it.” He grinned as she glared at him for the nickname. “It’s not my fault he’s a sore loser. Besides, you heard the man; it suits me better.” She rolled her eyes at that. “He didn’t say that.” Rey deadpanned. “He implied it quite heavily. Dameron can’t keep his eyes off me with this on.” Finn waggled his eyebrows. “That’s because he’s too busy glaring. Call me if anything comes up.” “Will do, will do.” He replied. “You ready?” She asked Poe who was staring down at the body. “ Sleeping Beauty …” He whispered. “What?” “Why do you think someone wanted her dead? You think she did something.” Rey sighed. “Honestly, I have no fucking idea . Let’s just hope Miss Wright in 3A has something we can use. ” He nodded his head and followed her out of apartment 3B. They filed out of the apartment building in silence. It wasn’t until they were in the car, stopped at a red light when any form of conversation came up. “You ever get a case like this in Jakku?” He asked, drumming the tips of his fingers on the wheel with no rhythm whatsoever. “Only ever had two murders. Most of my cases were D&D’s and sexual assault. I had the Night Shift back in Jakku.” She explained at Poe’s questioning glance before his eyes turned back to road, accelerating after the light turned green. “That sucks. Night Shift is where dreams come to die.” She snorted at this. “Funny, Finn said a similar thing – according to him, Freddy Krueger takes over Takodana at sunset.” Poe shook his head with a bright grin. “But nah, back in Jakku Night Shift was where most of the action occurred.” “So, why’d you transfer?” Rey shrugged, but the real answer came to mind immediately. “I couldn’t turn down a precinct that Luke Skywalker runs. Plus, the other Detective, Teedo , was kind of a disrespectful arse.” A disrespectful arse who she’d mistakenly slept with – whoops! “Fair enough.” He nodded. “There wasn’t any family holding you back, though?” Rey swallowed thickly. “Nope. No family.” He did a quick glance to her just before turning a corner. “ Oh .” “Yeah…” He didn’t press on about that issue, but he left the conversation open just in case she wanted to tell him. Poe was good like that. He’d never pressure anyone into anything but when it came down to it he’d still be there. It was a kindness she hadn’t really experienced until she’d moved. It was refreshing. “What about you? You ever spend a week on Night Shift?” She asked. Poe gave her a look of understanding before answering her question honestly. The conversation only flowed from there, and after a few more red lights and traffic stops they were back at the precinct building. Takodana’s Sixty-Eighth Precinct. “Afternoon Nance’.” The sour lady at the front desk – Nancy was her name – only sneered at Poe’s charismatic greeting. “So, she really doesn’t like anybody.” Rey wondered aloud as Poe chuckled. “She likes Bebe.” She rolled her eyes at this as they climbed the stairs. “Why doesn’t that surprise me.” They climbed another flight of stairs before they reached the door to their office. “ Speaking of the devil. ” Rey said in a bemused tone after pushing open the door. In the very corner of the room, just in front of Skywalker’s office, was the spunky ginger trying and failing to move her desk. “Bebe!” Poe exclaimed calmly. “What are you doing?” The girl looked up, wiped the sweat of her brow and gave them a grim look. “ Nobody puts Bebe in a corner.” She melodramatically hushed out as Poe stared in awe and Rey held a hand over her mouth in silent laughter. “It’s Baby.” Detective Pava corrected with a smirk as she typed away on her keyboard. Bebe didn’t respond and instead went back to her original task at hand. “I just— I don’t understand you sometimes. You’ve sat there for three years; move it now?” Rey turned her back on the argument involving the Civilian Administrator and Sergeant and padded over to Jessika’s desk instead. “Come to get away from the bickering idiots?” Jess grinned at Rey, flicking her dark hair out of her face. “You know it.” Rey smiled. “Has it always been like this?” She gestured over to where Bebe relentlessly teased Sergeant Dameron with an evil grin. “Unfortunately, yes. Sometimes I wished we just skipped to the ninth Civilian Administrator.” A loud gasp disrupted their attention on the argument and Rey found Detective Temmin – call me Snap – Wexley threatening to hit her with a folder if she didn’t get out of his seat. “How could you say such a thing Pava. What would the sixty-eighth be without her royal highness Bebe the Eighth?” He said in a ridiculous posh tone, imitating the old timer detective C-3PO (Rey had questioned the name at first but quickly gave up as everyone advised her to do so). “Good to see you uneducated commoners recognising my rightful place as Queen of the Six-Eight.” Bebe chimed in before returning to annoy Poe. “What the— it’s like she’s a freaking bat.” Jessika wore a confused expression, studying the tiny woman with the porcelain expression in awe. “I told you about the super-sonic hearing. So, Rey-zor?” “Oh, come on Snap, not you too.” She groaned at the horrendous nickname. “Finn’s going to be way too pleased with himself when he hears you utter that monstrosity.” Snap just smirked in reply. “How’d the DOA go?” He finally asked once she stopped sulking. “Found a nineteen-year-old girl; gunshot to the head.” Snap whistled. “That’s rough.” Jessika added as Rey nodded her agreement. “Yeah. According to her neighbour she has no family. This case is already all-round-fucked.” “Damn,” Snap muttered. “Any idea on suspects?” “No fucking clue.” She grumbled out. “We’re going to try and question the neighbour for more info tomorrow. I thought it might’ve been rude and insensitive to do it today.” They both nodded in agreement. “Where’s Joph?” Jess snorted at this. “In the interrogation room. Got one of the perp’s from the Drug Bust a few of days ago.” “I say ten minutes’ tops before the guy rats out his little group.” Detective Joph Seastriker, another old-timer in the force, was probably the most intimidating man Rey had ever met. She wouldn’t be surprised if he cracked the perp in five minutes. “Want to make a bet on that, Wexley?” Jessika waggled her eyebrows. “Sorry, Pava, but I’m broke.” “Fine, no money then; loser does the winner’s paperwork.” Snap rolled his eyes at this. “Oh, come on. Our monthly crime stats are due in a week, it’ll make it interesting.” Snap considered this for a moment. “Alright, fine. You’re on, Pava.” “Please don’t tell me you’re making a stupid bet.” Poe entered the conversation with a furrowed brow. Rey glanced at Bebe, who was sulking in the corner as her desk still stood place in the exact spot. “Don’t worry Sarge, no harm will come to your precious leather jacket this time.” Poe only grumbled in response to Snap’s jape as both the girls snickered. “So, you’re done with your little argument now?” Rey teased. “She’s a royal pain in my arse.” He sighed. “I can hear you.” Bebe shrieked. “Come on, Niima. Let’s go brief Skywalker on this.” He ignored her comment and gestured to the notes in his hand. Rey took a deep breath. Captain Skywalker wasn’t an intimidating man, yet whenever she went near him her stomach pooled into a tight bundle of nerves. When he dared to speak, she got a little ‘star-struck’. The man was a legend among the force – she’d heard enough stories to gather that much. “Don’t be so nervous, Rey.” Jessika taunted. “I just don’t want to disappoint him. This is the first case I’ve received that can show what I’m capable of. What if he thinks I can’t do this?” “You’ll smash it, Rey-zor. And if you need some extra help, we’re both here to lend a hand.” Snap gestured between the two. “You’ll do fine, Niima.” Poe said with a grin. “You have so far; why not now?” “Alright.” Rey said firmly. “Let’s go brief the captain!” “’Atta girl!” ~ * ~ From the age of eleven, Rey lived above an old pawn shop in the small dusty town of Jakku. Before that she’d passed around the system, suddenly landing herself in the care of Unkar Plutt. He insisted she call him Uncle, only he never treated her like a niece. Her childhood good generally be summed up as ‘all-round-fucked’, so as soon as she turned eighteen she enrolled at D’qar Academy. Yet, when she finished her training and landed a job in the Police Force, she still stayed in Jakku, where all the bad memories were. When her letter and application had passed and she’d been promoted to Detective, she still chose to stay in Jakku. She’d been naïve for too long (twenty-five years too long). So, when she took that leap to transfer to a city far, far away from Unkar Plutt and the desert junkyard they called Jakku, it proved to be the best decision of her life so far. Now she rented a studio apartment above a very lively bar run by Maz Kanata. It didn’t take her long to understand why everyone called her Mad Kanata instead. And while the people were right to assume she was bat-shit-crazy and just generally insane (who else would call their bar Krazy Kanata’s), Rey knew firsthand that she could also be kind-hearted and compassionate. Maz generously dropped the price on her already cheap rent, and for that Rey was eternally grateful. And while the bar was definitely very kooky and strange, it had a certain aura that no one could deny. Unless you were Finn Trooper. “Should we be worried about you living above such a place?” The boys had finally coaxed her out for drinks after a month of relentless asking, but her on her terms hence Krazy Kanata’s . Jessika tried to get out of the plans she made with her girlfriend Karé, but she ultimately failed at that. “Rey!” Maz bellowed from where she sat chatting to one of the regulars. In an instant the short woman was in front of her, shaking the hands of Poe and Finn at the same time. “Are these wonderful handsome men your boyfriends?” “I wish.” Poe teased, elbowing her in the side. “Unfortunately, we’re both gay.” Finn explained with a beaming grin. “Oh.” Maz’s eyebrows shut up, gaze flicking between the two of them as Rey silently snickered in the middle. “Not together – we’re not together.” Poe quickly amended, but his pink ears revealed the truth, as did Finn’s scowl. “We’re just very open about our sexuality. Right Finn?” “Yeah…” He replied distantly. “I’ll go grab us a table.” “I’ll get the drinks.” “Oh, it’s on the house, love. Tell Lonnie it’s on Rey’s tab and I’ll pay for it later.” Maz addressed Poe before he nodded and made his way to the bar. “Big day at work?” “You have no idea, Maz.” Rey sighed. “I’m in need of a serious drink.” “I’ll keep ‘em coming your way then.” She replied wickedly. “You never told me your fellow detectives were hotties.” “Goodbye Maz.” Rey hissed out before setting off to find Finn. He’d gone for the booth in the corner, which she’d deviously slid in the opposite side of Finn, strategically placing her bag leaving no room for Poe. “So, how’d the briefing with Skywalker go?” Finn asked once she sat down. “Well he complimented me on my work, so I guess that’s a good sign.” He snorted. “You’re way too hard on yourself Rey-zor.” “Would you stop with the nickname.” “Drinks are here!” Poe intervened, setting the three tall glasses of beer-on-tap on the table in front of them before sliding in next to Finn. Rey smiled behind the glass as Finn’s features went a little pink. “Poe, how was the briefing?” “Rey here was excellent. You should’ve seen the bold peanut, explain all the thoughts from her tiny little brain in such a flawless manner.” “Shut it.” She grumbled out. The conversation slowly dwindled away from work after that, and Rey found herself immersed in Poe’s extravagant stories from when he visited the ruins of Alderaan. They constantly asked about her personal life, which she was quick to avoid. They both nearly had a meltdown when she admitted she’d never been in a relationship. Maz kept bringing over the drinks, making passes at both Finn and Poe and they continued to get pissed as they downed each beverage in hand. It wasn’t until Poe called it quits did Rey realise how late it was – one in the morning to be exact. “Fuck—” Poe slurred, rubbing his eyes vigorously as Finn dropped his head to the table. “I got this stupid court case thingy Skywalker wants me to go to.” “The jewel heist thing?” Finn’s question was muffled. “Yeah.” Poe groaned. “The one with Ren.” “Oh.” Finn spat bitterly, lifting his head. “That fucking arsehole.” “Who’s Ren.” Rey asked with her eyes closed, already half-asleep. “Some douche-bag defence attorney who’s good at his job.” “Ewww.” Rey said in disgust. “All defence attorneys should rot in hell.” “Agreed.” Finn said. “Oh, no Maz. Please. I beg of you, no more!” He whimpered. Rey finally jolted upwards, opening her eyes and glaring at the three shot-glasses the old woman deposited on their table. “Oh, come on Finn – one more before we leave.” “This is the last fucking one. I mean it Dameron.” “Promise.” Poe grinned. “And we can share a taxi home.” Rey grinned. Poe grabbed his shot-glass, before holding it high in the air. “I propose this toast; Fuck Kylo Ren!” Finn dissolved into a fit of giggles before he clinked his glass against Poe’s. “FUCK KYLO REN.” Finn bellowed, earning strange glances from the few stragglers still in the bar. Rey clinked her glass against theirs before they all downed the shot simultaneously. She sputtered as the hot liquid burned her throat, making her chest feel as warm and fuzzy as her mind did. She giggled at the two of them, Finn who was coughing like a smoker and Poe gently asking if he was alright. “Fuck Kylo Ren!” She agreed. Rey didn’t know the attorney, but she’d take their word for it. Fuck Kylo Ren. Notes: You'll see more of the other two detectives and Luke in the next ciuple of chapters. Notes: Comments really motivate me to keep it up guys. I plan to update weekly on a Friday but lets be honest it'll end up being fortnightly lmao. Come follow me on tumblr at Dalzonii if you're interested in my filthy mind for rants and content that won't improve your IQ. Cheers!