Fried Rice "Buddy?" Poe finally found Finn huddled against the wall, head buried in his knees, nearly hidden in the tall grass. "Hey. Hey, no. What's wrong?" Finn couldn't stop shaking. He knew if he raised his head, his shoulders would shudder, and he'd look weak, and he really couldn't stand the thought of looking weak in front of Poe. He buried his head further in his knees instead. “Go ‘way, Poe.” Poe hesitated. “I can,” he said at last, and bit his lip. “If you need me to. But if you want to talk, I’d love to listen. Whatever it is, it’s ok, buddy. I promise.” “How can you know it’s going to be okay?” Squeezing his eyes shut, Finn tried to will the shaking to stop, then raised his head up to look at Poe. “Nothing feels like it’s going to be okay, ever again.” It wasn’t—he couldn’t—He shook violently. He hated these part of the attacks, where everything felt like it was ending, and to do it— at work , for the first time. This wasn’t what he thought he’d be getting by returning to civilian life. “Well.” Poe sank down against the wall, a careful distance from Finn. “I don’t, I guess. I just—” I want it to be ok. So badly. For you and me both, buddy. He laughed suddenly. “I just pretend it is. Until it actually is.” He ran a hand through his hair, uncomfortably self-conscious. “That’s...that sounds really nice, actually.” Finn slid a foot over toward Poe, not touching him, but...but something close anyway. “Better living through distraction?” “Heh,” Poe snorted. “Well.” He knocked his foot against Finn’s, then fell silent. “Not really,” he admitted. “At least—it hasn't really helped me, no. Not sure I'd recommend it.” Finn was grateful for the contact, slight as it was, against his foot. “Everyone’s going to think I'm a freak.” He’d come to care about the opinions of everyone inside the shop, maybe too much. “Who?” Poe tipped his head back against the wall. “Jess, who carries knives in her pocket and boot and bra at all times? Snap, who destroyed the Dormans’ car after it backfired on him?” He looked at the point where their shoes touch. “We’re all freaks here.” “Poe Dameron’s Home for Misfits.” Finn held a shaky hand out to Poe. “Thanks for having me.” “Anytime.” Poe grinned at him. “And anytime you want to talk, seriously. I’m happy to listen. But I get it if you don’t want to.” He took Finn’s hand and pulled them up, not reading anything at all into the warm press of Finn’s calluses against his palm. “I’m about to close up here. Can I walk you home, or something?” Finn let his fingers linger, for two beats longer than he should. Then he pulled it swiftly away, holding his own hand and biting his lip. “I, um, I kind of don't want to be alone right now?” His voice got quieter and faster as he went. Poe wasn’t quite sure what sound a breaking heart made, but the sudden silence between his ears must have been something like it. “Buddy.” His voice cracked. Can I wrap you up and keep you safe with me, forever? “In that case. Can I make you dinner?” “Yes,” Finn replied, too quickly to not be obvious, and he blushed. Something about Poe’s quiet manner soothed him. “Great!” Poe’s jaw creaked with the effort to rein his grin into an acceptably casual smile. “Then! Let’s go! I live really close. Not a long walk! Oh wait, but I need to close up. Ok. Hang on for a sec while I close up the shop? It won’t take long, I promise. Just a second. Only a sec. Won’t take long. Wait, I said that already. Anyway. Ok. Come on!” Finn grinned, then let himself laugh. Fuck, it felt good, and the corresponding grin on Poe’s face was like the sun shining directly into his soul. “I can help, somehow?” “Um—” Poe got caught somewhere between the flash of Finn’s teeth and the crinkle of his eyes. “What? Oh. Right! Shop. Closing. Um. Well, you—” Poe jumped as the garage doors clatter down to meet the concrete drive with an ominous thunk, accompanied by Jess’ indistinct grumbling. “Shit.” He craned his head as though that would let him see around the corner to the front of the shop. “Ok, well, the bad news is, I’m going to be in trouble with Jess tomorrow for leaving the shop for her to close, but the good news is, I think we’re free to head out now!” Finn made a mental note to thank Jess tomorrow. He tucked his hands in his back pockets as they walked. Suddenly nervous, he coughed. “So, um, where does Poe Dameron fit in the house of misfits? Or are you just our faithful leader?” Finn’s eyes bulged, and he rushed on. “Not that you have to tell me? Don't feel obligated, sorry.” Goddammit, Okira. It is one thing to have a highly inappropriate crush on your new boss. It's another to have a breakdown at the sound of a drill in front of said boss and then get too personal with him. “What? Oh, um. I’m fine. I mean—I guess I’m just the leader, yeah. I’m fine.” Finn nodded, head down, embarrassed. “Yeah, of course.” They stopped in front of a house, and Finn looked up. “Is this your place?” “Yep.” Poe shrugged. “I, um. I hope you aren’t expecting anything too fancy. I’m sorry, I never really got the hang of decorating. Or cooking, come to think of it.” This may have been a bad idea. He bit his lip against a wince as he climbed the steps—fuck, did he forget his stretches this morning? apparently so—rummaged in his pocket for the key, and waved Finn into the house. “So, um. Make yourself at home! Any dinner requests?” Poe was right, Finn thought. The house was sparsely decorated, and he'd let them in a side entrance, so they were in the kitchen. But taking Poe's words to heart, he looked to Poe for consent, then, gaining it, shuffled through the kitchen cabinets, muttering. His eyes lit up when he came across the rice. “You know what my favorite comfort food is?” “Uh-oh.” Poe grinned at him. “Last time I saw that look in your eye, I ended up doing the single ladies dance in front of the entire shop. Should I be worried now?” Finn continued to pull ingredients from the cupboards and fridge. “Never get involved in a land war in Asia, and never challenge Finn Okira on his Lord of the Rings knowledge. But I think you learned your lesson.” He went through the motions of getting the rice ready. “Fried rice. Food of the gods. All you need is rice, oil, eggs, and random leftovers.” He turned to grin at Poe, pleased with himself. “Whooo boy.” Poe grinned back. “That's already far beyond my capabilities. Tell me what to do, Major.” “Well, we need the rice first, and I've got that going, so…. How do you propose we kill twenty minutes?” Finn bit his lip, smiling at little at Poe before he caught himself. Jesus Christ Finn, are you flirting? What are you doing? “Well.” Poe looked at his hands. “We do have to talk about it at some point. What happened this afternoon, and how we can work around it in the future. I mean, I'm definitely keeping you on.” He gathered his courage and met Finn’s eyes. “If you still want to work at the shop. But we definitely don't have to talk about it now. Up to you. Plenty of other things we can do.” Finn’s flirtatious lip bite turned into something more nervous. He helped himself to a glass of water and sat at the kitchen table, beckoning Poe down. “Lately...loud noises have been bothering me?” He hated when his voice tipped up. “Loud noises have been bothering me.” Understatement of the century. He rubbed his eyes. “I just didn’t sleep well last night, that’s why I freaked today. Sorry ‘bout that.” Face to face across the table was far too close. Finn’s eyes caught the overhead light, glinting with warm amber. Poe clasped his hands tightly in a futile attempt to force himself to focus on the situation. “That’s ok,” he said, and cleared his throat. “Normal, really. If I had a dollar for every vet who reacted badly to loud noises after coming home, I’d be on vacation in Florida right now.” He tried on a smile, hoping to see Finn’s face light up again. “Now, you should have been wearing your hearing protection, which might help in the future. But I could also put you in the back office, at least until you’ve been home safe a little while longer. Not as glamourous as working on the cars, but it’s just as necessary, and you could use that brain of yours.” Finn felt his lips tip up at the sides. He reached across the table, tapping his finger. “I don’t—I don’t know how folks get out of the service and make it, if they don’t have people like you who...who understand. Major. ” He brought his hand back, rubbing it on his jeans. He thought of the night, months ago, the first night Poe had performed the same service he was doing now—making sure Finn wasn’t given too much time alone. He tried, had been trying for months at this point, to figure out how to repay Poe. “Thank you,” he murmured. “Well.” Poe’s smile slipped. “Plenty of people don’t make it. But you, sir—” he pointed at Finn— “are not going to be one of them. So whatever I can do to help, tell me. Ok?” He straightened his shoulders and propped his smile up again. “But that’s Commander Dameron to you, you impudent knave.” Finn could hear the water boiling; he needed to get up and turn it to low, but he had a hard time turning away from Poe’s soft, kind eyes. I’m so fucking gone. He popped up, turning the burner down and taking a moment to recenter himself. He was way too much of a mess to be thinking about Poe. He just—he just missed it. Human contact. Poe did not check out Finn’s ass while he was standing at the stove, no sir. Not at all. Ok, maybe a little. Ok, maybe it was a really fucking great ass. But that was beside the point. The point was, he wasn’t really in a good enough place yet to help Finn out right now and might never be. And Finn needed help, that was for damn sure. Everyone did. “You’re talking to someone?” Poe asked. “Someone with more degrees than I have, I mean.” Finn sighed, then turned and stuck his head in the fridge again. “I was. It didn’t work out. I’ve got a list but...effort, you know? How old is this steak?” Finn sniffed at the takeout container of steak and fries, then went rummaging in the freezer for any vegetable that could add some nutritional value to the meal. He bopped his hips a little when he came across the bag of frozen corn. “Jackpot!” He smiled at Poe, waggling his eyebrows. “What?” Poe blinked at him. “Um.” “How did you seriously never learn to cook for yourself, man?” “Cook?” Oh, shit. Right. Finn asked a question, didn’t he? Before that dance move. “Um. I just don’t like to, is all. I get by fine. Probably would have just had breakfast for dinner if you hadn’t come by to save my sorry ass.” Poe cleared his throat. “But you can’t dodge the question that easily, man. If you want to get better, you have to see someone.” He held Finn’s eyes. “It sucks. I’m sorry. But that’s—that’s the way it is. There’s no way around it. People who tell me they found shortcuts end up at the bottom of a bottle of vodka.” Finn dropped the corn and the takeout box on the counter, then gripped the edge until he had white knuckles. “I don’t want that. I don’t. ” Poe bit his lip hard. It didn’t help the ache in his throat. He cautiously stood, crossed to Finn, and hovered just far enough away to not spook him. “Then you won’t,” he said gently. “You’re kind and brave and you work hard. That’s what counts. And you’ve got us to kick your ass when you need it. You’ll be ok, Finn.” He touched Finn’s knuckles, then jammed his hand back into his pocket where it belonged. “You’ll find a way to get yourself into some therapist’s office. I’ve got a list of a few good people, if that helps. People who get it.” Finn took a deep breath, then reached for the frying pan. “Don’t let me leave tonight without that list.” He had to move away from Poe to continue cooking, but didn’t want to. “Ok,” Poe said. He leaned back against the counter, trying not to stare at the graceful lines of Finn’s hands as he lit the burner. “It’s worth it, I promise you. Makes life possible.” Putting together the steak, potato and corn fried rice passed in relative quiet, Finn teasing Poe as he showed him how to cook everything together, and add seasoning —tsking at Poe when his supply of soy sauce came from take out packets. Finally, when they were both sitting at the table with steaming bowls of fried rice in front of them, Finn hesitated before digging in. Now that he didn’t have an immediate objective, his heart was beginning to race again. He took a second to breath in the salty goodness of the rice, trying to count the breath out. Across from him, Poe paused mid-bite. “Do you want to talk about it?” Finn finished the breathing routine, though his heart didn't feel much better. He shook his head. “Aftershocks. But, um, they're going better because you're here. Because you came after me. So thanks.” He took up a forkful of rice himself. “You’re welcome. I’m glad I could help.” Poe traced the curve of his plate for a moment, thinking. “Is there anything else that helps you at times like this?” Lots of indecent propositions floated through Finn’s mind. Most of them involved his mouth on some part of Poe’s body. He chewed slowly. I don’t do that anymore. “No, you're doing a really good job. I'm kind of surprised you don't have all those degrees.” “Nah,” Poe snorted. “Little personal experience, that's all.” Finn watched him eat over his own bowl, secretly pleased that Poe seemed to like it. “I was... trying to test myself. And it was stupid, and I'm sorry. I'd had a lot of good days in a row, you know? So I just kind of stopped wearing my ear protection. Do you ever do that? Push yourself? Too far?” “Never.” Poe's lips trembled with the effort to keep a straight face. “Yeah,” Finn replied with a quick wink, “sure.” “Look.” Poe swallowed. “I just—I'm not a good role model, all right? I hope you're not taking notes.” “I don't want you to be my role model,” Finn murmured, hoping he didn't sound petulant. “Shit, I—” Poe scrubbed a hand through his hair. “I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way. I don't mean to be—condescending, or some shit like that. I just—I'm older, and I've been out of the force for a few years now, and I wanted to help you transition home better than I did. I—” Poe looked at his hands, unable to meet Finn’s eyes. “It hurts me to see you hurting,” he said, very quietly. “I want to help. And I can't. I'm sorry.” “You know I can reciprocate, right? If you need someone to talk to. I know I'm—I have not by anyone's definition worked my shit out. But people tell me I'm a good listener.” “I—” Poe got caught again in the sweet quirk of Finn’s smile. “Thank you,” he said, when he regained his voice. “That—that means a lot to me.” He hesitated. “You're a good man, Finn. You know that, right?” Finn swallowed down some emotion. “I'm trying.” “Well, that's all you can do, man.” Poe smiled at him. “Is anything working, so far?” “I like working at the shop. I mean. Being around other people who... get it. Makes it easier to go home alone at night, knowing I'm obligated to be back tomorrow.” “Glad to hear it.” Poe couldn't help the little jump his heart did—ok, not jump , more like booty wiggle—at Finn’s words. “And hey—” bad idea bad idea red alert eject now shit shit fuck— “If you ever, um. Don't want to go home alone. You can always—I mean—I have a couch,” he said, and abruptly lost his nerve. Something like hope whispered through Finn. “Thanks,” he replied, blushing when his voice went husky. “You're welcome,” Poe said, but that didn't really cover it, so he added: “It's a pleasure. Any time you need.” He looked at his hands, heart pounding. “But, um. That would, uh. Cut into your dating life, and all that.” Finn snorted. “Yeah. Dating life.” Looking at Poe's face, belatedly he realized Poe was fishing...maybe. “Uh... No current dating life...I'm holding out for someone.” “Someone,” Poe said thoughtfully. It hurt more than he thought it would, and he'd thought it would hurt enough to get his fuck-up mind to stop conjuring fantasies about his friend. “What kind of someone? Maybe I can keep an eye out.” Finn closed his eyes for a second. Was he chickenshit or not? Hell, he'd faced down enemies on the battlefield, how was this so much harder? Then again, look at what those battles had cost him. Would his confession cost him even more? The fragile peace he'd built for himself? He opened his eyes again and took in Poe’s beautiful, somber face. “He's special. Sweet. Kind. A hardass when he needs to be, to protect his own, and his friends.” Finn reached across the table, touching Poe’s hand lightly. Poe's heart stopped, just like that, then started again one beat short of a panic attack. NOT NOW, BRAIN, he shouted desperately. “I,” he said, but that was all the words he could muster. Finn’s heart shuttered down, his cheeks flaming now. He had the sudden urge to just stick his head in a bucket of water, all nerve lost. He pushed back from the table, consciously slowing his movements. He wouldn't be upset. He just needed... needed to not be here anymore. He gathered their bowls, set them in the sink, and gripped the edge of the counter, as he'd done before. “I'm not good with words,” Poe stood up, hands shaking. “I'm not good with, like. Anything. I don't know how to—I just—I don't—” The panic in the other man’s tone straightened Finn’s spine, and he turned slowly. He saw the beginnings of the anxiety attack on Poe’s face, and before he knew it, he was crossing the kitchen, stopping just before Poe, hands reaching for him, then thinking better of it, remembering the space Poe had given him earlier. They fell to his sides, instead, useless. But if Poe didn't touch him earlier, in his panic attack, then he probably didn't want to be touched, as much as Finn was, well, a toucher. He itched to pull Poe into his arms. “I’m sorry. I—obviously this is not a good time...or, uh, thing for you. It's okay. I mean, obviously, I'm disappointed, but it's okay. Seriously. It's—I'll just go, then.” Poe grabbed Finn’s arm and held on for dear life. “It's never going to be a good time for me,” he rasped. Finn’s were way too close and his lips fucking hell— “I'm not getting better. You should—you deserve to—” Finn searched his face, then held his other arm out. “Can I?” Anything. “Please,” Poe croaked. Finn enveloped Poe in his arms, mentally beating himself up over the quaking body he held. He hesitated, then brought his hand up to stroke through Poe's curls. “It's okay. It's okay.” “You like me.” Poe blinked. “You like me!” He couldn't stop shaking, but that was ok, who cared, Finn was hugging him and Finn liked him, fucking hell, everything would be ok. Poe pushed back in Finn's arms just far enough to be able to see Finn's face, then cupped Finn’s cheek in his hand just because he finally could. “Really?” “You doofus.” Finn brought his hand up to cover Poe’s on his cheek, then pulled it over to place a light kiss on the still trembling hand. “Yeah, I like you. I like how big your heart is.” He placed his hand over Poe’s thundering chest. “Big enough for another person to slide in there, I hope?” “Slide in there and stay.” Poe leaned his forehead against Finn’s. “As long as you like.” Or forever. “You going to let me decide what I deserve?” Finn's hand brushed across Poe’s cheek, and his lips were whisper close. “I’m going to keep saying stupid things and then regretting them,” Poe mumbled. Finn’s hand was warm and gentle against his cheek, rough with calluses. “But I'm sorry.” Poe tilted his head to try to see Finn’s eyes. “I’m trying not to, I promise. I’ll try harder. Whack me if I fuck up again, ok?” Finn couldn't resist then. Couldn't resist this man who seemed so strong to everyone else but was so, so vulnerable in his arms right now. He brushed his lips over Poe’s, a little too fast not to betray his own nerves. The texture of Poe’s lips was interesting... fascinating, really, and he immediately brushed another kiss to feel it again. He backed off, then, unsure of himself, if he was moving too fast. This is not how I thought my night would go, Poe thought dazedly. This is—this is—words are dumb. Who needs words? Fuck words. He wrapped a hand around the back of Finn’s head, pulled him in close, and kissed him back. Finn groaned into it, his arm slipping around Poe’s waist. When they broke off, Finn pulled back and rested his forehead against Poe’s again, in what was fast becoming his favorite position. “Do you think we could...slow down a sec?” “Yeah, of course, of course!” Poe stepped back hastily and dropped his arms back to his sides. “I’m sorry. I have no—no plan here, I—fuck, I didn’t even know you liked guys, let alone me. We can go at whatever pace you want, buddy.” With a grin, Finn pulled Poe gently back into his arms. “You don't have to go that far. Just—you were pretty freaked out a second ago, and I'm not in the safest headspace either, obviously. But we're not going anywhere, right?” Finn knew he looked hopeful. Hell, it was the most hopeful he'd felt in months. “So we can go nice and slow.” He rocked them a little, loving the feel of Poe’s body against his. How is this a thing that's happening now? Poe wrapped his arms around Finn’s waist and leaned in close. “Nice and slow,” he echoed, begging his brain to start functioning again. Finn just fit against him, like they were made to be here, now, hugging in his tiny kitchen. “What? Oh. Right. Yes. Nice and slow. Good. Mmm-hmm. Yeah.” Poe cleared his throat and tried to gather himself back together. “I'm really sorry you're not in a good place right now,” he said. “But I'll be here. All right? I'm not going anywhere.” He buried his face in the crook of Finn’s neck. “Think I could stay right here forever, in fact.” Finn rested his cheek in Poe’s curls, content to rock them for as long as they needed, but he noticed Poe shifting weight from his leg. He considered their options in silence. Was moving them to a couch too forward? Should he ask about Poe’s leg? Should he just let Poe go? Indecisive, he settled for continuing to hold Poe. How many months had Poe waited for this? Wished for this? Ever since he’d first seen those warm eyes, tense shoulders, and straight-backed posture, perching on a cheap plastic folding chair across the circle. He meant it about forever. He really did. But time—time was still passing, right? Even though the world had changed? Probably. “You have to go home,” Poe murmured into the worn cotton of Finn’s collar. “Don’t you? It’s getting late.” Finn sighed regretfully. “I should. I don't want to let you go, though, now that I have you.” “Well.” Poe smirked. “I meant it about the couch.” He hesitated, heart suddenly pounding in his ears. “I, uh,” he coughed. “I have a bed, too. It's pretty big. And comfy. And there are two pillows. But I completely understand if that's too much, or too fast. I can drive you home, too.” “I-” Finn jumped a little when his cell phone went off in his pocket. He pulled it out, checking the display, and making a face. “Pill reminder.” He sighed. “Which I don't have on me.” He leaned in to brush his lips across Poe’s again. “Tell me if I leave this kitchen, if I let you go, we're not going to lose this magic. Because I kind of feel like I’ve captured a fairy or elf or something, and if I release you, you're going to disappear on me.” “You feel that way! Fuck.” Poe shook his head. “I've been waiting for years to meet someone like you.” He traced the line of Finn’s jaw. “I promise not to disappear if you don't.” Finn touched their noses together. “I promise.” It took him a few minutes to pull away, turning down Poe’s second offer to drive him home. ’I like the walk.’ He lingered at the open door, appreciating the lower evening temperature. “Goodnight.” For once, that word seemed to hold a promise of hope. The bleak darkness of night would be tolerable tonight, he could feel it. “Goodnight,” Poe echoed, hanging onto the doorjamb for dear life. He definitely didn't watch Finn walk down the block and out of sight, admiring the graceful set of his shoulders and the perfect curve of his ass and—oh dear lord he was getting to be a complete sap in his old age, wasn't he? Poe shut the door and returned to his kitchen and washed the dishes and set them to dry and touched the counter where Finn’s hands had gripped it. He did kiss me, right? I didn't dream that. I would never have dared to dream something so wonderful. Poe laughed to himself, alone in his kitchen, flush with delight. Chapter 2 : An interlude on the back dock Summary: Finn makes a tough phone call, and leans on Poe to do so. Warning: Suicide is specifically mentioned in this chapter. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn arrived early the next morning to help Snap open the shop—part of him hoped that Snap would pass knowledge of his action onto Jess without him actually having to talk to her about getting stuck with closing down duty—then relegated himself to the back, following Poe’s suggestion. When he'd gotten home last night, he'd looked through the list of therapists Poe had texted him. Along with a little smiley face that Finn did not look at before he went to bed, nope. Finding someone who could work with him was priority number one for his lunch hour today. Because Poe wanted him to talk to someone. And Finn had an innate need to do what Poe wanted. Priority number two was to find Poe, and...and continue their interesting conversation from the night before. As he worked through the accounts, Finn entertained ideas of flustering Poe with flirting, imagining the blush on Poe's cheeks. Unfortunately, a busy morning conspired to keep them apart, until Poe found him sitting alone on the back loading dock, finger hovering over the send button on his cell, frozen and unable to commit to hitting send. ————— “So, you went home with Finn last night.” “Shut up, Jess,” Poe grunted as he dug into the latest shipment of boxes for the new part he'd ordered. “But you didn't get laid,” Jess continued, “because you look even more tense. However, you were whistling until I caught you.” “Are you done yet?” “Well, I could go ask Finn instead.” “Don't you even think about it.” Poe straightened up and glared at her. “Finn is going to have a nice quiet morning in the back office, doing our accounts for the month. You are going to leave him in peace.” Jess raised an eyebrow at him. “Do I look that easily intimidated?” Yes, Poe would have said, catching the way her hand casually rested on the knife hidden beneath her sleeve. He sighed. Get your shit together, Dameron. “Tell you at lunch, all right?” he grumbled. “We'll have a lovely heart-to-heart and you can tell me about that Karé kid you picked up last weekend.” Jess settled her noise-protection headphones over her ears and grinned at him. “That's a deal, Dameron.” By the time lunch rolled around, Poe still had no idea what to tell her. What had happened, really? Were they boyfriends? Friends with kissing benefits? Therapy buddies? Why is this so fucking confusing, Poe muttered to himself as he went back towards the break room to get his lunch— “Hey!” All of his brain cells went offline the moment he saw the back of Finn’s head, just like usual. “Didn't see you back here. You coming to join us for lunch?” Finn started at the sound of Poe’s voice. “Oh, I, uh…” Finn considered and then immediately dismissed lying to Poe. If this... If this fragile thing between them was meant to last, Finn wasn't going to fuck it up with dishonesty. Not with Poe. He'd seen his father go down that road too many times to stomach it with Poe. He looked up, into the handsome face, remembering the way Poe had fit against him last night. Everything could be that good, Finn reminded himself, if you just push the button. “Can you come here?” he asked quietly, patting the ground beside him. “Please?” “Of course, buddy.” Poe’s heart kicked into overdrive as he sat down, dreading Finn’s next words. Finn held out his hand. “I, uh, find myself in need of some courage.” His proffered hand shook a little between them, as they both looked at it. “Buddy.” Poe took Finn’s hand. “If you want to call it off, between us, that's ok. I get it. We got kinda swept away, maybe.” He swallowed hard. Finn’s eyes widened, and he involuntarily squeezed Poe's hand in his. “No!” He swallowed, then slightly more calmly: “No. No. No.” He brought Poe's hand up and brushed a kiss across the knuckles. “No.” He laughed at himself ruefully. “I've had this therapist's number typed into my phone for five minutes. I'm just having a hard time hitting send.” “Oh, thank god,” Poe laughed. “That kind of confidence, huh?” He cuddled closer into Finn’s side, just because he could now. “Well. What's stopping you?” Because he'd made himself available, Finn leaned over and brushed his lips across Poe’s, 'cause he could. “Nothing, now.” He continued to lean on Poe, physically and mentally, as he hit send. He squeezed Poe's hand and listened to the ringing. When he'd connected with the counselor, he took a deep breath, then, “I need a therapist. I'm a vet. Dealing with, um, PTSD, anxiety, and, uh, um.” He leaned his head into Poe's, squeezing his eyes shut. “Suicidal thoughts,” he said quickly, as if ripping off a bandaid. He didn't dare look at Poe's face, so ashamed. He had to coach himself to breathe again after he said it, through the process of making the appointment. Poe never left his side. “Thank you. I'll see you soon.” When he hung up, he set his phone aside and buried himself in Poe's arms. “And thank you,” he mumbled against Poe's neck. Poe’s arms came up to encircle Finn of their own accord, brain still stalled in first gear. Suicidal—no. No, no, no. He’d known Finn had been doing badly, and assumed it was worse than Finn let on, but he’d never guessed it was already that bad. “You did it, buddy,” he murmured into Finn’s soft curls. “You made the call. I’m so fucking proud of you.” He stroked Finn’s back for a moment, gathering his nerve. “Do you—” he started hesitantly— “have an emergency plan? If things get bad between now and your appointment. Can you—” call home, he was about to say, but Finn had never mentioned home, so Poe wasn't about to bring it up now. “Do you have someone you can call?” he asks instead. “Or could you get to the hospital from your apartment?” “You know Rey? From support group? I have her number. She insisted—when I—she made sure I had it.” Finn wanted to crawl into Poe's lap, his embrace felt so good. “It's not—I don't have, like, a plan. I haven't attempted. Just... Sometimes the nights are... really hard to get through.” His next breath was shaky. “And I know that's a lot to dump on your plate the morning after we... became whatever we are now, and if that's more than you want to deal with on top of your own shit… I wouldn't blame you for patting me on the head and walking away right now.” He wiped furiously at the tear rolling down his cheek. “You can think of it like, you got me this far… now you can pass the baton if you want. No one would blame you.” Poe patted Finn on the head and pulled him in closer, throat aching too hard to speak. “Not gonna walk away, buddy,” he rasped at last. “I don't know how many people have done that to you—or none, maybe, you don't need to tell me, I just—that's not how I operate.” He pulled away just far enough to see Finn's eyes. “I'm not gonna do that,” he said again. “All right? I'm glad you have Rey. I'm glad you're—hanging in there. If there's anything you want me to lock up in the safe here—pills or weapons or shit—you let me know, ok?” Finn sighed into Poe's shirt. “It gets better,” he said, trying to force determination into his voice. “It's already better. Because of you.” “Don't you go pinning this on me.” Poe smiled down at him. “All I did was invite you over. You said yes. You walked home with me. You made dinner. You even made the first move. And you called a therapist and made an appointment.” He kissed the top of Finn’s head. “You're stronger than you think. I'm glad it's getting better.” I hope you really do get better, Poe prayed. Better than I've managed to get, at least. Warmth bloomed inside Finn. Warmth tinged with hope. “Yeah, I did, didn't I?” He looked up into Poe's eyes, saw sadness there. Wondered what miracle had happened that someone might be sad for him. “Can I kiss you again?” “Please,” Poe laughed, feeling the echo of it against Finn’s ribs. Finn straightened, cupping Poe's face in his hands and leaning in. Poe was still laughing a little when he sealed their lips, and Finn determined then and there that the best sound in the entire world was Poe laughing into a kiss. And that would be the best mission in the world, wouldn't it? To make Poe laugh and kiss Poe however often he could so that he could get them to overlap? He smiled, his lips widening on Poe’s, then moved to Poe's cheek, his eyelid. He couldn't help but grin at Poe's pleasantly happy face. Finn’s body fit against Poe’s in a way that no one else’s ever had. The muscles of his back were warm beneath Poe’s hands, the press of his thigh against Poe’s was so— shit, ok, calm the fuck down, Dameron, we agreed to move slowly, got that? He kissed Finn’s jaw, then traced the line of his neck, all the way down to the graceful rise of his collarbone. “Hey are you guys coming to—oh. Uh. Right. I'll just back away now… Slowly…” Jess made no actual move to back away, instead staring at them, grin on her face, as Finn felt his flush creep all the way to the tips of his ears. “Well, well, Damer—" “That’s enough, Pava.” Poe kept a protective hand on Finn’s back and cocked a brow at her. “Pretty sure I have the right to kiss my—” shit fuck we never really talked about what we are um— “to kiss whoever the hell I want in my own damn garage. Consensually, that is.” He cocked a brow at Finn. “You did consent, right? This was your own idea, if I remember correctly. And a damn fine one at that.” Poe's protective attitude helped Finn fight back against his embarrassment. “Yeah. Yeah, I consent.” “Beautiful,” Jess replied, deadpan. “So glad I'm not going to have to fight anyone for anyone else's honor around here.” She softened her sarcasm with a smile. “Lunch, yeah?” “Yeah.” Finn stood, helped pull Poe up. “Just give us a sec.” He waited until she'd left the dock, then pulled Poe closer again. “I, um...I've spent a lot of the last few months kind of lost, so I don't know how much of a compliment this really is, but… You're the only person I've wanted in that entire time. Everything seems brighter when you're around. I don't know if… labels are right, right now? I'm so messed up, Poe.” He lost his nerve, rested his forehead against Poe’s. “I'm so messed up, but all I want is you. And if you wanted to call me your boyfriend, I think—I might—I think that'd be amazing. If it's too soon for that, I understand. I just wanted you to know that, on my side anyway, this is an exclusive thing. Okay?” “That’s,” Poe said, and kissed Finn’s nose. “That’s—that’s wonderful, that’s really—really wonderful. I haven’t wanted anyone either, in—um. Years.” He shook his head. “Lots of years. Many, I mean. Um. Anyway. I would be so fucking proud to be your boyfriend.” He grinned at Finn. “Okay.” Finn smiled back, then said more confidently, “Okay.” He pulled back, holding out his hand again. “Want to go to lunch?” “Yes, please.” Poe took Finn’s hand and swung their arms forward. “Mr. Boyfriend, sir.” Delighted with his man, Finn laughed outright. “I like that, a lot.” “Good.” Poe pecked him on the cheek, then opened the break room door and waved Finn inside. “‘Cause I like you.” Notes: Animala/TLib here: One thing I've said constantly to Lights is that it's so hard in RP not to move the relationship quickly! So here they are, boyfriends, the day after they first kissed. I console myself with the fact that they've known each other for at least 8 months at this point. Hope you enjoy this second installment! Chapter 3 : The Lake - Part 1 Summary: Poe takes Finn on a date to the lake. Warnings specific to this chapter: Talk of scarring and injury Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A few days later, Finn stuck his head into the shop —noise canceling plugs in place this time —and got Poe’s attention. When Poe jogged over and immediately placed a kiss on his lips, some of the anxiety inside Finn soothed. Poe hadn't been hesitant at all to show him affection in the garage. It gave him confidence for—“I just wanted to remind you I'm taking off early, Poe. Appointment. Therapy.” “On my calendar.” Poe grinned at him. “Good luck! Let me know how it goes. If you want, I mean. And if you want to bail on the date tomorrow morning, I totally get that—but I hope you won’t? I’ve been looking forward to swimming there ever since it got warm enough.” “And miss the chance of seeing you in your swim trunks? It'll help get me through.” He settled Poe better against him, please at how well he fit there. “Or do you wear a Speedo? Mmmm.” “I wish,” Poe cackled. “In Europe, maybe. Out here, I think it might startle the tourists.” He ran a hand over the sweet curve of Finn’s ass. “Do you?” “If I have to, I guess,” Finn replied with a wink. “Eugh, you two, you're stinking up the shop. Smells like 'cute’ in here now,” Jess teased as she walked by hauling a tire. Finn stuck his tongue out at her before turning to kiss Poe. “So, you're picking me up tomorrow morning, right?” He pulled back, steadying himself to head to his appointment. “Yep! Ten am, front stoop, be there or be square. And good luck, man.” Poe gave Finn one last kiss…that might possibly have gone on just a tiny little bit longer and more intense than he had planned. By the time they separated, he was pleasantly dizzy. “You got this,” he said, and you got me. Finn allowed himself one last nuzzle before he walked to catch the bus, chest burning with anxiety. The therapist’s office was just like every other one he'd ever been in, and Finn was cautious at first, but by the end of the hour, they'd built a small rapport. Finn felt good about coming back. He was still drained, though, and still processing enough that he had been crying a little, the next day, as he waited for Poe out front. An afternoon of mindless fun with Poe sounded exactly like what he needed right now. “Hey!” Poe hopped out of the car and walked up to Finn’s stoop. Awake, showered, dressed, and out of the house was...not his usual state of being at ten am on a Saturday morning, but he could happily get used to it if it meant seeing Finn in swim trunks, sun glinting off his cheekbones. Glinting a little more than it should have been, in fact— “You ok, man?” Poe reached out to take Finn’s hand. “Yeah. Yeah. Just residuals, you know?” Finn wiped at the wet spot on his cheek, then let Poe pull him up. “Therapist gave me some stuff to try, though. But to be honest I'm looking forward to putting all of that away for a bit. And focusing on our first date. Is it our first date? Does the one where you calmed me down and distracted me from harmful thoughts and let me cook you rice count as a date?” Before Poe could answer, Finn continued. “Or what about all of our group meetings? Do those count? Or that time you invited me and Jess to bowling, and Jess bailed? Or that time when—" Poe was laughing when Finn kissed him, the sweet sound of his delighted gasp getting lost in Finn’s lips. Poe broke off from the kiss reluctantly to get a hit of air. “I think this counts as our first date. I guess? If you want it to. Or our thirty-eleventh, if you want to count the rest.” He wrapped a hand around Finn’s bicep and drew him in closer. “And, to be honest,” he added quietly, “I think crying is a good thing. Means you’re here. Not, you know. Checked out. Or something.” Many voices yelling at him, telling him not to cry, that it wasn't manly, that soldiers didn't cry, echoed through Finn’s head. Against them, Poe's seemed feeble. But he nodded anyway, taking Poe's hand for the short walk back to Poe's car. “I'll keep that in mind.” “That’s all you can do, man.” Poe pressed a kiss to Finn’s knuckles, then slid into the driver’s seat. “You’ll get there. You really will.” He snuck a glance at Finn before focusing on the road. “Have you been to the lake yet?” “I haven't. Seems criminal at this point.” “Nah. You only got here what, last September? It’s usually too cold by then anyway.” Finn watched the sun-soaked scenery go by and laughed a little, thinking of winter streets covered in dirty snow. “I think we have different definitions of cold. But I have to admit, California in the springtime is...an awakening.” “Bet your ass it is,” Poe grinned. “Just you wait, I’ll make sure you get to experience all of the highlights around here. You like hiking?” “Yeah, if I get to watch that ass walk in front of me all day, I could keep going for hours.” “Oh, I see how it is.” Poe flushed down to his collar. “In that case, we may have to take turns hiking in front.” He bit his lip. “Or maybe take a break instead, behind a few sturdy trees.” Finn's cock twitched in interest. Suddenly the idea of swimming in a cold lake seemed appropriate. “Yeah, I like nature just fine.” “Yeah?” Poe snuck a glance at Finn. “That’s great. I mean, it’s supposed to be very good for you. Stimulating, and all.” Jesus Christ. “I find it very stimulating. Especially if done in the presence of a hot mechanic.” “Hot, huh?” Poe grinned at Finn. Shit, green light, come on, you know how to drive a goddamn car. “Well, it is May. Sun usually comes out in full force by now. Hope you brought some water.” “I brought water, a couple of root beers, chips, cut veggies, some sandwiches… I think I've developed a thing for making sure you're well fed?” Finn blushed further as he thought of feeding Poe one of the strawberries he'd brought along. “Huh.” Poe’s eyes flicked to Finn as he turned onto the deeply rutted dirt road to the lake. “Well, I am thirsty.” Finn’s mind raced to take that about five different ways, all of them dirty, before he reached for the bag at his feet. “You want a water now?” “Nah, I’m kidding,” Poe laughed. His eyes lingered for a moment on the drape of Finn’s shirt over his body. Finn swallowed as Poe pulled the car to a stop in a deserted parking lot, a lake in the walkable distance. He popped his belt and grabbed his stuff, readjusting himself in his swim trunks as he got out of the car. He watched as Poe stood, stretching a little, like a cat in the sun. God, he was so gorgeous. “So, this is beautiful.” He managed, at the last second, to turn away from Poe's face and look at the lake instead. “Isn’t it?” Poe closed his eyes and inhaled the rich wet-marsh air. “Peaceful, too. My favorite spot in town.” He pulled the towels out of the trunk and reached for Finn’s hand. “Shall we?” “We shall.” Finn took Poe's hand in his, cherishing the weight there, as he shouldered his bag. He let Poe lead them to a secluded spot, watching as he shook out a blanket for them. Finn pulled off his tee, kicked off his sandals and walked with Poe to the water. He gasped a little at the cold water, then committed himself, wading in fully, then diving below, feeling cleansed and refreshed when he popped back up to the surface. “This feels...so good.” He laughed at himself. “I have such a way with words.” Poe flinched back as Finn dove in, splashing him with cool water. “Hey, watch it—” Poe stared at the angry slash that crossed Finn’s back from hip to shoulder. “Shit,” he said involuntarily, then wrenched his eyes away and tried to stop staring. Finn saw the look on Poe's face when he turned around, the one he'd seen before on doctors and physical therapists. “It's not at bad at it looks.” “Well, good.” Poe swallowed and tried to gather himself. “Because it looks like you almost died twice over. Did you only almost die once, then? Shit, never mind, you don’t have to talk about it, I’ll shut up and stop staring, I’m sorry.” Finn waded over to Poe, catching him around the waist. “Hey. You're allowed to ask. If I don't want to answer… I'll let you know, okay?” He slicked some of Poe's curls away from his face with a wet hand. “Honesty, right? Communication? Mr. Boyfriend?” He cupped the back of Poe's head to bring him closer, then slid their lips together in a slow kiss. The cold water was really doing nothing to dampen his excitement. “Situation went FUBAR, you know how it is. But I had a good team around me. They got me out. Took a lot of time in rehab learning how to walk again, but I did it. It's... If it disturbs you, I can try to remember to put my shirt on.” “No! No, that’s not what I meant. It’s your body, show it or don’t, whatever feels right. I was just—surprised, that’s all.” Poe tentatively set his hands on Finn’s sides, unsure where or how to touch him without his shirt. “I’m glad they got you out. Glad you recovered.” He kissed Finn again, then broke away with a quick laugh. “It’s dashing, that’s for sure. Sure to attract some nice young man.” Finn gave him a little half smile, and pulled his arms closer, where they'd always landed before. Tentatively, he felt Poe's fingers slip over his scars. “There you go.” Finn ran his own hands up Poe's chest, circling around his neck, pulling him closer. “How’m I doing so far? Attractive enough yet?” “Jesus.” Poe leaned in against the chill damp of Finn’s chest and closed his eyes. “Any more attractive, and I might spontaneously combust.” Finn’s scar was puckered and jagged beneath Poe’s fingers, slashing across the smooth skin of his back. But awful as the scar was, it felt like a natural part of Finn, marking his survival. Getting sentimental in your old age, Dameron? Poe shook his head to clear it. “Race you to the floating dock out there.” He pointed over Finn’s shoulder. “You're on,” Finn said with a grin. He watched Poe's lithe body cut through the water. Damn, he was never getting tired of that view. Poe could hear Finn one stroke behind him the whole way to the dock. Finn was obviously letting him win, like the sweet chivalrous noble-hearted jerkface he was . Ready to defend his honor by—by—by getting Finn back somehow, he’d figure out the details later—Poe hauled himself up onto the edge of the floating dock. He clambered up onto the sun-warmed boards and slipped to the side as bright hot pain shot up from his knee. Shit fuck goddamn. Poe curled into himself on the dock, clutching it in agony and clenching his teeth against a groan. “Poe? Poe!” Alarm entered Finn's voice as he slowly tried to work out what had happened. Automatically he began to run through field first aid, running his hands over Poe’s slick skin, searching for injury.”Where does it hurt, baby?” Poe jolted at the sudden touch and grabbed the attacker’s wrists to shove him away—shit, right, he hadn’t been alone. That was just Finn. Poe dropped Finn’s wrists, let his head thunk back onto the wet boards, and shut his eyes against a wave of humiliation. “Sorry,” he mumbled. “I’m fine. Just my fucking knee.” He tried to massage it, thinking longingly of rolling back over the edge of the dock and hiding underwater until Finn left. Finn sat back on his haunches, trying to process. He should have known better then to touch Poe without his consent, he'd just been so worried. Still, his voice was full of pleading when he spoke again. “What can I do to help?.... Please let me help…” The last part was barely audible, Finn feeling Poe's rejection keenly. “I’ll be ok.” Poe carefully took a hand off his knee and patted towards Finn’s leg, finally finding his thigh. “I just—fuck. I’m supposed to be careful about angles and shit. Putting weight on it the right way. Got distracted.” He tried to move and flinched as his knee throbbed again. “Sorry,” he sighed. “Didn’t mean to be a downer. It’ll be all right. I just need to, I don’t know. Massage it, and shit.” Finn crawled a little closer to Poe, reaching out tentatively again. “I could...help? I, uh. I've been told I have good hands.” Poe squinted up against the sun, realized that Finn’s crotch was directly in his field of vision, and closed his eyes again. “Um,” he coughed. “Yeah? If you want to? That—” He could imagine Finn’s hands all too well, on his knee or anywhere. “That would be really nice. Thank you.” Poe's skin was already warming from the midmorning sun. Finn placed his hands slowly on the skin of the injured knee, noting a twisting scar there himself. Appropriate, he thought, that the man he was falling in love with was also a fallen soldier. He wasn't sure if he'd be able to end up with anyone else, anyone who didn't understand. Carefully but firmly, he massaged the joint, watching Poe's face ceaselessly for signs of pain. Poe grimaced, but that was the nature of a therapeutic massage; Poe didn't say anything, so Finn kept going, fingers deep into Poe's thigh now. Poe's dark eyes were on his, intent, and then Finn thought of a billion other things he could be doing with his hands right now that would make Poe gasp with pleasure, not pain. He hesitated, realizing how close his fingers had gotten to the juncture of Poe’s thigh. Poe had a weakness for Finn’s hands, all right? They were distracting enough in the garage, rolling tires and gripping pliers and gesturing animatedly as Finn talked. On Poe’s knee, Finn’s hands were warm and strong and focused and gentle, everything Poe had ever imagined in order to endure a painful massage. Fortunately, the pain had been intense enough to keep his cock from taking any interest in the proceedings—but with the heated light in Finn’s eyes, that might not last long. Don’t get any ideas, Poe griped at himself. We agreed to go slow. Don’t scare the kid. “Thank you,” he croaked instead. “You’re a miracle worker, you know that?” Finn’s grin was quick, his laugh short. “Like I said, good hands.” He held them out and waved the fingers. “Magic.” “Damn straight.” Poe carefully tested his knee, bending it back and forth until the joint moved as easily as it was ever going to. “Thank you. Oh, man. Can I keep you on retainer, or something? I’m sure I can find a way to repay you.” Poe's motions brought him closer to Finn, meaning Finn barely had to move before his lips were brushing across Poe’s. “It's my pleasure. Sincerely. You are… I've been wanting to get my hands on you for a stupid long amount of time. And you are... Everything I was waiting for.” He cupped Poe's cheek tenderly, rubbing his thumb across the stubble there. “You said before, you were surprised by this… That you didn't know I was interested. So... I'm working really hard to make sure you know, ‘kay?” Poe stared at Finn for twenty minutes, or at least two seconds. “You,” he said, and blinked. “You—” He shook his head. “You're really good at this. You know that?” Poe took Finn’s hand and held it between them like armor. “I don't understand you. I made you feel uncomfortable about your back and then I fucked up and hurt my goddamn malfunctioning knee and then I shoved you away and you've been nothing but nice to me the entire time. How—how do you do that?” And how is it that even after you declare your attraction to me, point blank, I still don't quite believe it? Maybe I should talk to someone about that. “I, uh...I don’t know?” Finn frowned, pulling back a bit, trying to self-analyze. “I just like it when people are happy.” He chewed his lip as Poe continued to look at him, and he began to feel self-conscious, scooting away and hugging his knees, looking out into the lake. “Just...it goes both ways, right? Physically, mentally—we obviously both have problems, and you’ve done a lot of taking care of me. Of being an ear for me. And it goes both ways. I—I’m not some young, starry-eyed idiot, Poe. I’ve seen… enough. I saw more than I wanted to. Somehow I feel like you get that, and if you want to tell me… I’m open.” He watched the sunlight glimmer on the water, frustrated with… life. Why is it easier to reach out than to accept someone else’s hand? Poe struggled up, carefully keeping his knee half-bent before him, and laid a cautious hand on Finn’s back. “I’m sorry,” he said. “That you’ve seen things. That you’re hurting. I wish I could help. I don’t really know what to do.” He traced a droplet of lake water as it dripped down the curve of Finn’s bicep. “Do you take pain pills for it?” Poe sighed. “Sometimes,” he admitted. “When it gets particularly bad. Ibuprofen, shit like that. I stopped taking the stronger stuff as soon as I could. Scared I’d get addicted.” He unconsciously traced the line of the scar over his kneecap. “Yeah, I understand that, for sure.” Finn covered Poe’s hand, squeezing their fingers into each other. “I get too intense sometimes. It’s why—why I asked for us to slow down the other night. If...if I gave myself free rein, I’d probably have you carted halfway to Vegas right now for an Elvis wedding,” he joked, partially. “So yeah, yeah I’d like to cuddle with you while your knee recovers. But, uh, call me on it when I get to be too much, okay? It’s okay to call me on it.” "Oh god,” Poe laughed. “We can’t do a Vegas wedding. My dad would kill me.” The sun glimmered over Finn’s cheekbones, damp from the lake. Poe’s breath caught in his throat for a moment, entranced. “But I’ll tell you,” he murmured. “Ok?” He cupped Finn’s cheek in his hand, pulled him closer, and kissed him. Finn let himself sink into the kiss, so happy. He inched closer, preparing to take the kiss deeper, when he froze, a sharp pain in his … yup, that was definitely his ass. He winced and broke the kiss. “I think I just got a splinter.” He laughed before he could complete the thought. “In my ass.” He burst into more giggles, laying his forehead on Poe’s chest, shaking. “Obviously I don’t need you to remind me I’m pushing too hard, when the universe is happy to send me a message.” He pressed a kiss to Poe’s collarbone, because it was handy, before shifting, standing, feeling the twinge in his right cheek that meant yeah, something was embedded there. “You want to take this back to our blanket? Or, oh, right, your knee, um...I could carry you to our blanket?” “Don’t really want to go anywhere.” Poe blinked up at Finn, drowsy with kisses and sunshine. “Sorry you got some—” he pressed his lips together against laughter— “some wood in your ass, buddy. That sounds—” He lost the fight and collapsed back onto the dock, cackling. “Oh god. That sounds terrible.” He made the most sorrowful face he could, which was only half a hair short of a grin. “Carrying me sounds wonderful, but drowning does not. Can I take the splinter out right here?” Finn lost himself in a fit of giggles, sitting back down gingerly and rubbing at his eyes. “I—oh, god. I can’t even.” He tried to get a hold of himself, but couldn’t, still rumbling with giggles. “In all seriousness—in all seriousness ,” he said louder when Poe continued to laugh, “yes, please, the wood in my ass is definitely not as pleasurable as it normally is.” He leaned awkwardly over Poe’s lap, trying not to disturb Poe’s knee. “I don’t know if—is this the right angle? How do you want me?” Poe propped himself up on one elbow and batted his lashes seductively (he hoped) at Finn. “I want you every way, darling.” He sat up and blinked down at the unbearably sexy rise of Finn’s ass. “Where is it? And, uh. I’m going to need to push your shorts either up or down to get to it. That ok with you?” Finn arched his back a little as he pulled one of Poe’s hands to the offending shard. “Go for it. It’s a little sooner than I thought you’d be getting a look at my ass, but I’ll be honest, I was hoping to end up there eventually, anyway.” “Well.” Poe smoothed a hand over the hard muscle, mouth dry. Finn’s wet swim trunks clung to his skin in rippling folds like a Greek statue. Poe was suddenly, petrifyingly aware that he was already half-hard, and that his cock was undoubtedly poking Finn’s stomach. Shit. Focus, Dameron. He cleared his throat and pushed Finn’s trunks up far enough to see the splinter. “Ahh, that’s nothing,” he scoffed. “You call that a splinter? That’s barely—” He probed at the site. “Yeah, ok, that’s bigger than it looks, huh. Jesus. Ok. Hang on.” Poe pressed the skin down and away, took hold of the splinter, and pulled it out in one short yank. Finn didn’t flinch, prepared for it as he was. And, oh Lord, how he really, really wanted to do something about the press of Poe’s cock against his belly, because Jesus , it felt good, pressed there, and he felt huge and Finn wanted to feel it everywhere, and this, no, no, Finn, this is what your dad meant by too intense. Too fast. He swallowed, and eased back off of Poe’s lap, albeit sadly, and smiled at the man. “Thanks,” he said, a little breathless. Poe stared at Finn, momentarily unsure how to people. “Hi,” he said, and blinked. Oh, right. Splinter. “You’re welcome,” he said, begging some blood to return to his brain. He had been pretty sure that if he had just moved the right way, he’d have come just from the friction of Finn’s stomach on his cock. Which would have been horrifically awkward, please no, deep breath, ok. Poe tossed the splinter into the lake, smoothed Finn’s shorts back down over his ass—regretfully—and patted the spot. “That feel a little better?” I could kiss it better. Bad idea. I could, though. BAD IDEA, DAMERON. “So,” Poe coughed. “I should stay put for a little while. Take it easy. Until my knee’s a bit steadier. Feel free to go swim, or whatever—I’d love the view, for sure. But, um. You said you wanted to—to get your hands on me, or some shit. Do you want to, um. Do you want to come cuddle with me?” Finn worried his lip. “Are you sure I can’t do anything else for your knee?” “It’ll be fine. Thank you.” Poe shifted to lie down on the dock, parallel with Finn. If his cock wouldn’t lie down and behave, it could at least stick up in his shorts where it wasn’t bothering anyone but him. He ran a hand down Finn’s chest, down to the lean slope of his abs. “Just need to rest it a few more minutes, then I can swim—well, carefully, I guess. But really, you can go do whatever you’d like. Silly to come all the way out here and not enjoy it.” “I don’t know. I’m enjoying myself just fine.” Finn scooted —carefully this time, no need to repeat himself with the sliver incident —closer to Poe, leaning into his side. “I think I need to properly thank my medic,” he flirted, lips a hair’s breadth away from Poe’s. “Your medic was just doing his humanitarian duty,” Poe managed, dazed. “But, um.” He stroked the damp bristle of Finn’s hair. “Kisses would be—” He nestled closer to Finn and closed his eyes, feeling the warmth of Finn’s body soak through his skin. “Would be nice,” Poe said faintly, and pressed his lips to Finn’s. “Kisses,” Finn started, pressing his lips to Poe’s neck, “Kisses, I can do.” He lingered over Poe’s neck, loving the sweet taste of the lake water on his skin. “God, you’re just. So—" He nuzzled up, along Poe’s jaw, over the scratchy hair there that would burn him if he rubbed too hard —if Poe rubbed too hard elsewhere, ah God. Finn moaned a little against Poe’s lips, before taking them again. “Delicious,” he settled on. “You’re so delicious.” He eased down into a more comfortable position, feeling the warmth of the sun drying the skin of his back. “Wanna.” He arched his hips away from Poe, trying not to grind into his side, get himself off, no, that would be a really bad idea on a first date. On a thirty-eleventh date, though… No. “Wanna just stay here forever,” Finn mumbled, then settled in to do precisely that, letting the sun bake them as they made out, the only sounds their gasping little breaths and the lapping of the water against the dock. “Me too,” Poe whispered. Finn’s chest pressed against his, slick with lakewater and warm as the sun on his shoulder. The wake from a passing motorboat rocked the floating dock in place, straining against its anchor, cradling them above the waves. Poe stroked Finn’s waist and pulled him closer, fingers splayed across the broad muscles of his back. We could stay here forever, couldn’t we? Poe wrapped a leg over Finn’s hips, not quite rubbing off against him, but oh god their bodies just fit together so perfectly. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d made out like this—years? Ever? He’d never felt so safe in someone else’s arms. When Finn felt like he might burst, he slowly eased back, pillowing his head on Poe's chest and closing his eyes. His hand settled on Poe's stomach, and he tried not to play with the rough patch of hair there. When he spoke, his voice was slurry with sleep and pleasure. “We can make this dock our home. No need to go back to land. I have everything I want right here.” Lazily he mouthed over Poe's chest, nudging at a nipple with his lips, then backing away, content to just fall asleep there in the sun. Last night had been rough. The thought of their date this morning had kept him going through it. Now, the exhaustion caught up with him, and before he really even knew it, he was asleep on Poe's chest. Finn’s head was a warm, safe weight on his chest—sound asleep, as though Finn really did trust him. All of the anxiety that had wound Finn into a tense huddle in the back of the garage seemed to dissolve, leaving his forehead smooth, mouth slightly parted in sleep. He was—just— beautiful, was all. Poe slowly stroked Finn’s hair, heart filled to the brim with something that bore a strong resemblance to love. He closed his eyes, watched the sun play out across his eyelids, and listened to the distant calls of loons, content to drift above the water in the arms of his boyfriend. Finn startled awake, confused momentarily. “Slip?” Then —no, not Slip, of course, and embarrassment flooded across Finn’s cheeks as he realized he'd said one man’s name in the arms of another. He laughed awkwardly, instead. “Jeez, how long was I out?” Notes: Lights and I like to call this chapter (set of chapters) "Playing Chicken with Smut" so you can think of that as an alternative title. Also "Let's see who can cockblock more" :D Chapter 4 : The Lake - Part 2 Summary: Their date at the lake continues. Warnings specific to this chapter: threat of homophobia, past child abuse, possibly implied drinking and driving? Notes: When we last left off, Finn had just woken up and called Poe "Slip" (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Right. This is why people don’t declare their love for each other on the first date. “Um,” Poe coughed. “Not Slip, sorry.” He shifted out from beneath Finn, sat up with a groan, and scrubbed at his hair. It had dried into a half-flat, half-crazy tangle. Great. But at least his knee was still ok. “Don’t know how long that was. We should, um. Swim back, I guess. Before we bake into a crisp.” Finn rubbed at his face. “Sorry. Slip... was someone from my past. Like, before my service. Not a—a boyfriend or anything. Just.” Finn finished lamely, swallowing over the half truth that left a bitter taste in his tongue. “How's your knee feeling?” “It’s fine.” Poe took a deep breath and looked at Finn. Mijo, you can be a suspicious jerk about this, or you can let it go and trust him on this. Shut up, Dad. “So.” Poe cleared his throat. “I don’t know about you, but I’m ready for lunch.” He tried on a smile. “What do you think?” Finn smiled gratefully. “I think yes. I make a mean sandwich.” He edged his legs over the side of the dock and shivered a little at the cool water, then waited for Poe, watching closely to make sure his knee was working properly. Poe joined Finn on the edge of the dock, dangled his feet in the water. “Thank you,” he said, and touched Finn’s arm. “That was fun. Didn’t know how much I needed that. Needed—” he pulled Finn’s face in for a soft kiss— “you.” Don't get weird, Finn. You can do this. Don't scare him away. Don't show so much. “I'm happy to be needed. It, uh...feels nice, after needing so much from everyone else.” He brushed their lips together again. “Ready?” “Well.” Poe grinned at him. “I'm happy to be needed too. Just so you know.” He nudged Finn’s side and looked out towards the shore. “Ok, I think I've learned my lesson about racing, so uh…how about a slow swim back?” He slipped down into the lake— “Fuck, that's cold,” he hissed—and reached up to Finn. “Join me?” “You bet.” Finn slid into the water beside Poe, and they began a leisurely swim back. As they reached the shore, Finn watched Poe emerge from the water, curls flattened to his head from the wet, droplets sluicing off his body. Finn slipped a little in the sand, because he’d stopped paying attention to where he was going. “You are...something else, Poe. Magnificent.” “You don't need to flatter me to—” Poe stopped mid-step, one foot slowly sinking into the wet sand. He blinked at Finn. “You really mean that, don't you,” he said instead. Finn flushed. “I do. I—sorry. Sorry. Too intense again.” Finn hurried out of the water and to their blanket, busying himself with setting out their meal and avoiding Poe’s gaze. “No, it's—it's nice. Thank you.” Poe settled carefully onto the blanket and helped Finn unpack their lunch. When it became clear that Finn’s nervous energy wasn't going to dissipate on its own, he laid a tentative hand on Finn's arm. “Really, Finn. I'm not—” He shrugged uncomfortably. “Not used being looked at like that, that's all.” “Being allowed to look is...something I’m getting used to, too.” Finn unwrapped a sandwich and put it in front of Poe, then opened a bag of chips. “You’re always saying you’re not sure what to do, how to help me. It’s patience that I need.” He let the statement sit there for a second. “And I think that’s probably what you need from me, too. Patience. An acceptance of the idea that we’re probably both going to fuck this up, multiple times.” His hand covered Poe’s. “But if we can remember what we’ve got here, at the core, this… attraction, and amazement, and respect for each other’s boundaries, and figuring out our way how to jigsaw ourselves around each other… I don’t know. Just. I think it’ll be worth it.” “You make it sound like we should go get married this afternoon.” Poe leaned against Finn and took a bite of his sandwich. “Patience, huh? Hmm. I think I can do that.” “I'm speechifying again, huh?” Finn popped a chip in his mouth. “I'll use my mouth for a better purpose.” “You call that a better purpose?” Poe laughed. He leaned in to press a quick kiss to Finn’s cheek. “I can think of a few better things you could do with your—” The crunching of feet on gravel jolted his attention away. A family trundled down to the lake, laden with beach chairs and a pair of coolers. “Kaylee!” the mother called, rubbing her sunburnt nose. “Don’t go into the lake until we’re there!” Poe hurriedly scooted away from Finn and picked up his sandwich again. “Sorry,” he murmured. “I forgot to ask. Are you out, in public? Beyond the garage, I mean.” “I...huh. I hadn't thought about it. You're, uh, my first boyfriend. I'd like that, if you don't mind.” Poe’s eyes flicked to the family, then back to where his hands were neatly folded in his lap. “You might get shit for it,” he said quietly. “ We may get shit, you mean.” Finn took a contemplative bite of his sandwich. “I'm comfortable with whatever.” He smiled a little. “Long as I still get to kiss you at the shop.” “Always.” Poe smiled back, lost for a moment in the bright glint of Finn’s eyes. “Long as I’m not holding something sharp or hot, because your kisses tend to make me forget pretty much everything else.” He leaned against Finn again, content in the comfortable press of Finn’s shoulder on his—then paused, sandwich halfway to his mouth. “Wait. First boyfriend? Really? Handsome sweetheart like you?” “Yeah.” Finn swallowed. “Huh.” Poe looked Finn up and down, then took another bite of his sandwich. “Well, then. It’s a great honor, sir.” Finn blushed, then leaned over and brushed his lips briefly over Poe’s cheek, masking it as a move to grab the water by him. “Glad to be of service.” Poe snagged Finn just as he slid back into place, ran a finger over his lips, and kissed him. “Nope,” he said, letting his arm fall back to Finn’s side. “Not going to get tired of that.” Finn felt warm, inside and out. He offered Poe the chip bag. Poe plucked a chip from the bag and tipped it towards Finn’s mouth. “Want one?” “Yeah,” Finn responded, his voice husky with emotion. He accepted the chip, and his lips just barely touched the tip of Poe's finger. Poe flushed and shifted in his seat. “So,” he said, and cleared his throat. “What do you want to do with your life, my brave hero? What would you have been doing, if I hadn’t roped you into working at the garage?” Finn looked at the food he'd made, and had to suppress the secret desire, deep down. He shrugged, hope it came off as nonchalant. There was no way some kid like him was ever going to culinary school. “Not really,” he murmured. “I like the shop, like working with my hands.” “Huh.” Poe took another chip and thought for a moment. “I mean, I like having you there, don’t get me wrong, but—you’re too young to settle, man. You’re smart, you’re kind, and you even have the G.I. bill to help you pay for some school. What would you do, if you could? What’s your dream?” Finn frowned. “I don't… I'm not settling.” Poe closed his eyes to enjoy the sun for a moment. “When you were little, what did you want to be when you grew up?” “Away from there,” Finn replied before he could stop himself. “I mean, uh—" He floundered, then fell silent. Might as well stick with the truth. Poe rested a hand on the small of Finn’s back, throat aching. “Sorry, buddy,” he murmured. “It’s...uh...not okay, I suppose, but it’s over now, at least? Let’s just say you don’t have to worry about meeting the parents.” “Well. If they’re the ones who said you couldn’t be any more than a mechanic—a sexy mechanic, but still—then fuck ‘em all over again. But—I’m sorry. We don’t have to talk about them. Shouldn’t have brought it up. Um. Anyway.” Poe squinted at his sandwich. “Are these herbs? These green things.” He plucked one out and examined it. “That’s an herb. You put herbs in my sandwich.” Finn chewed thoughtfully. Why do I have to listen to anything he said to me? Because father knows best, boy. He shook the dark voice away. “Yeah, you philistine. Herbs. They make things tastier?” “You put herbs,” Poe repeated, “in my sandwich.” He took another bite. “It is tastier,” he said. “It's brilliant. That's it. From now on, you're cooking us all lunch.” “Okay,” Finn laughed. “Sure.” He shook his head. “It’s just herbs , Poe. Anyone can do it.” “Um, hello, you saw the extent of my cooking skills. I can chop an onion and microwave leftovers, that's about it. I even burnt eggs the last time I tried to cook some.” Poe nudged Finn’s side. “You'd probably put herbs in that too, huh.” “The trick to eggs is a medium heat. And yes. Yes, you put stuff in them.” He rolled his eyes, sure Poe was pulling his leg. “Am I going to have to cook you breakfast, just to show you?” “Hey, I can make breakfast!” Poe protested. “Bowl. Cereal. Milk. Win.” He held the bag of chips out to Finn. “But, um. If you ever wanted to—like—stay over. Maybe you could show me how. So I don't embarrass myself with my horrible hosting skills the, uh. Next time you come over.” The thought of spending the night with Poe, instead of by himself, the possibilities of such a night… left Finn breathless. “Yes, please,” he said, almost at a whimper, then coughed. “Yes, that’d be nice,” he tried again, trying not to sound desperate. “Yeah?” Poe flicked his eyes at Finn. “Well.” He tried and utterly failed to suppress a smug smile. “Whenever you want, man. Well, ok. With a little advance notice so I can shove my dirty laundry into the closet.” Finn laughed, delighted with Poe, and leaned over again to steal another kiss. “You’re adorable.” Poe flushed down to his chest. “Takes one to know one?” He grabbed the back of Finn’s neck and pulled him into a deep kiss, breathless and aching. Finn’s hand slid up, over Poe’s stomach, and around his side, pulling them closer together as he sank deeper into the kiss. With everything over the course of the morning, Finn’s cock sprang to life again quickly, and he had to stop himself from rolling his hips into Poe’s, had to remind himself there was a family close by. “Ahh, fuck, Jesus, you’re so fucking—I just want—Fuck.” “Really.” Poe pulled back just far enough to look at him. “You know,” he said, “I quite agree.” “Watch it, Olivia!” the mom shouted. Poe cut a glance at the family, startled to remember that they weren't alone. The dad was halfway through a beer and the mom was distracted between a paperback novel and the pair of girls shouting in the water, but—in their conservative rural town, it was probably better to be safe than sorry. Poe reluctantly dropped his hands from Finn’s shoulders and sat back again. “Maybe—maybe. Maybe—some other time?” “No ‘maybe’ about it, I hope.” Finn’s voice had deepened with want. “Do you—do you need to be anywhere? I’ve taken up a lot of your time today.” “The hell else would I do on a Saturday? No one I'd rather be with.” Poe took Finn’s hand again and squeezed it. “I mean, tomorrow I have to do groceries and laundry and have lunch with my dad so he doesn't worry about me too much. But, um. Today? No plans.” He cocked an eyebrow at Finn. “How about you?” “Nothing.” Finn brought Poe’s knuckles to his lips, then turned to the picnic bag. “Would you like dessert? I wasn’t sure what would hold up in the heat, so it’s just a fruit salad, uh, with a little balsamic, and some cheese.” He speared through a perfect bite, and offered it to Poe. “It's a what with a what and a what? Who the hell are you? Never mind, I'm just going to say thank you like my dad raised me to.” He accepted the bite from Finn and pondered it. “Yeah, ok, that's really good. You're hired.” Finn took a bite for himself, pleased with how the flavors had marinated together. “So, you and your dad are close, huh?” He offered up another bite to Poe. “Yeah? I mean, we try. It's just been the two of us, for years now. It's hard to get in contact with my dad's family, in Cuba, and we go join my mom's family for holidays and shit, but they're too far away to visit often. So. He's—sort of my whole family, at this point. We make it work.” Poe hesitated. “How'd you meet Rey? I've never really spent any time with her. Outside of group, I mean.” Finn laughed. “It’s—It’s a weird story, but okay. So you know how the meeting lets out late, right? A couple months ago, I say goodbye to you, and I’m walking home, and I see Rey being mugged. Like full on, the guy is waving a knife in her face, and I’m pulling out my phone to dial 911 and walking over, going in for the rescue, right? And she takes that cane of hers, you know the one, right? She takes the cane, and just smashes the guy in the face. Knocks his knife away, too, and leaves him in a heap on the ground. I ask if she wants me to call the police and she’s just like, “Nope, I’m good.” She’s amazing. So I asked her if she’d walk me home.” “Wonderful,” Poe cackled. “Why am I absolutely not surprised? I'd love to have her as my bodyguard.” He sobered for a moment, realizing how she must have acquired combat skills like that. “Glad you guys are friends,” he said. “And good for you for, well. Attempting to rescue her. Not surprised about that, either.” Finn ran his hand along Poe’s leg, not necessarily seductively, but because he could, because Poe was close, and Poe was...well, his wasn’t the right way to put it. But it wasn’t exactly wrong either. “How come I only seem to surprise you when I’m complimenting you?” “I—I don’t know,” Poe laughed. “Um.” He shrugged uncomfortably. “No one—no one does that. Or has done that, really. To me. I’ve—ok, I’ve only had a couple of previous boyfriends, but neither of them talked like that. They were chill, very chill, and I thought it was cool, but—in hindsight—I don’t know. I think maybe they just made me nervous.” He took Finn’s hand again. “I like that you compliment me. I do, I really do. It’s a good kind of surprise.” He leaned in to press a quick kiss to Finn’s cheek— “Hey.” The shadow of the man loomed over them. Poe jerked upright and moved halfway in front of Finn, heart pounding. “Do you know how to get to the ice cream shack? Crazy Cones, or whatever it’s called? Got lost last time I tried to drive out there. Kids’ll kill me if I do that again.” Finn slid a protective arm around Poe’s waist, pulling him back a bit, so they could face the man equally. He felt Poe’s breath quickening. “Uh, I’m sorry, I’m not from here.” Unease prickled over Finn’s skin. Hadn’t the man been drinking? Poe forcibly unclenched his fingers from their deathgrip on Finn’s hand. “It’s, uh. If you take a left on route seven, and then a right on Sawyer, just past the big farm—you know, the one with the leaning silos? It’s just over the hill there, behind the retirement home.” God, he’d really thought the man had been about to cuss them out for kissing. “Huh. Gotcha. Think I drove right past it last time.” The man started back towards his family, flip-flops slapping against the sand. “Thanks!” he called over his shoulder. “Have a good one.” Finn sat rigid, unable to relax, trying to tell from their blanket if the man was weaving, how much the man had had to drink. He watched the man interact with his family, eyes intent. “Sorry I freaked,” Poe said quietly. He followed Finn’s gaze to the family, where the mom was now wading with the girls as her husband stretched out on a towel, fast asleep. “I thought—it’s all right. It’s ok. Hope I didn’t hurt your hand.” He tried on a self-conscious smile. “What? I—Oh.” Finn shook himself from his distraction. He looked down at the hand Poe had been squeezing, then showed it to Poe, waving the digits. “Magic fingers, still intact,” he said with a smile, calming when it appeared that the man was not going to be driving right away. “Ok, phew.” Poe grinned at Finn and tried to relax again. “Because that would have been a tragedy.” Finn glanced back at the family one last time, then turned back to Poe, running those magic fingers lightly over his leg. “Would you like to go someplace a little more comfortable? I mean. I’m not sure I can get more comfortable than falling asleep on your chest, but…” He nodded toward the family, then back at Poe. “Somewhere where we feel comfortable being us?” “Yeah,” Poe said abstractly, staring out across the lake. “Sure. But he was ok. They’re ok.” He shook his head. “I always expect the worst, but people…keep surprising me. The world’s changing. I like it.” Finn smiled and sighed, resting his forehead against Poe’s. “I like it, too. Because I like you, and I don’t particularly want to keep it hidden anymore, now that I...I can have you.” Poe kissed Finn’s nose. “You,” he said, “are a sweetheart. An absolute sweetheart.” He tangled his fingers in Finn’s again. “And I’m sorry you had to hide it before.” Finn snorted a little. “I was going to say something like, ‘I’m sorry your exes were so horrible at letting you know how wonderful you are,’ but you know what? I’m not. Not.” He pressed their lips together. “Sorry.” Another kiss. “One.” Brush. “Bit.” “Eeeep,” Poe may have said, but that would be far too undignified for a responsible adult to say, so he didn’t, of course he didn’t. He just wrapped an arm around Finn’s waist again, drew him closer, and kissed him as thoroughly as he possibly could. “Really—” Finn groaned, panting, when they broke the kiss, then immediately sought Poe’s pulse point and pressed kisses there. “ Fuck. You’re driving me crazy, Poe.” He pulled away, trying to stop himself, slow down, then immediately rushed back in again, returning Poe’s kiss with an equally fervent one of his own. By the time Poe finally broke off for air, his ears were ringing like he had jumped deep into the lake. He kept Finn’s face close to his, thumb brushing over his cheek. “Place,” he said, hoping like hell he was speaking English. “Comfortable. More comfortable place. Go. Let’s—we should go? Should we go? Here.” Finn groaned again at the sound of the heated confusion in Poe’s voice. “My only problem with this plan is that we’re both going to frighten the little kids when we get up.” He brushed lightly over Poe’s thigh, not quite touching the obvious bulge there. “Zee svim trunks, zay do nuffing,” he joked in accent, trying to readjust himself discreetly, keeping an eye on the family near them. Poe choked on air. “Jesus, Finn,” he hissed. “That’s not going to help.” He took a deep breath and straightened in his seat. “Ok. Ok. We can do this. Should I tell you the story of when my dog died when I was eleven?” The laugh burst out of Finn before he could stop it. “Oh, oh god. Sorry. Sorry. Dog death, not funny. Just—" The giggles hit him again. “Sorry. Just—the circumstances, I think.” “It’s ok, man.” Poe ruffled Finn’s hair and started putting their lunch away from his seat, trying to find a way to sit that didn’t drag his cock against his swim trunks. “Not funny, no, but it has been useful on, uh. Occasions like this.” He winked at Finn. Finn swallowed down the rest of his giggles and concentrated on helping pack up. “Uh, or...I could carry the bag in front of me, and you could carry the towels. I don’t know, though, that might not be enough cover.” He winked and waggled his eyebrows at Poe. “You are the worst. I don’t believe it.” Poe shook his head. “What happened to that nice young man who dressed up in a suit with a pocket square to interview for a job at a garage? I miss him.” “I can dress up all fancy for you again. Second, thirty-twelfth date —you and me, fancy suits, fancy restaurant? There’s a few places I’ve been dying to try.” Finn lifted the bag up onto his shoulder, then maneuvered it so it hung over the offending bulge, which had subsided somewhat, but was destined to stay put at least somewhat, as long as a half-naked Poe was within grabbing distance. Poe shrugged his shirt back on, snapped the sand out of the towels, folded them up, and arranged them as needed for suitable camouflage. “Now that sounds like a deal.” He stepped into his sandals and headed back up the path to their car. “But, um.” He snuck a glance at Finn—and lost his train of thought for a moment in the play of light and shadow across Finn’s face beneath the sunlit trees. “I think,” he managed at last, “I would want to take the suit right off you as soon as I saw you in it.” Finn shook his head and laughed. “Yeah, well, the thought of you dressed up has kept me up at least one night, so I guess it’s just retribution. Then again, the thought of you dressed down...like wearing your jumpsuit tied around your waist, face and tank top splattered with oil...Christ, that kept me going for a week, I’m pretty sure.” “Really.” Poe stopped and stared at Finn. So did his cock, beneath its fortress of towels. “Huh.” He started up the path again with a big stupid grin on his face. “Well. Right back atcha, buddy. That first time I saw you in coveralls and boots, toolbox in your hand, I might possibly have had to duck back into the office for a sec.” “Yeah?” Finn swallowed. “S’pose now’s a bad time to tell you about my fantasy of you taking me against that work station of yours?” He colored. “The boots, uh...the boots stay on.” Poe threw the towels into the trunk, wiped his forehead, and pointed a finger at Finn. “You are the WORST. I have to drive now! Man, if I could just point a boner in the right direction and teleport home, I would. But I can’t. And I’m pretty sure you can’t either. So just hush and—” Poe stopped and thunked his head against the side of the car. “Boots,” he muttered. “Jesus.” “Sorry,” Finn replied, not really sorry. Poe cut a glance at Finn as he slid into the driver’s seat. “No, you’re not,” he sighed. “But it’s ok. Just—keep a lid on it for fifteen minutes, ok? Then I can resume kissing you the way you need to be kissed.” Finn cover his smirk with a hand, then buckled in, placing both hands sedately in his lap. “Sir, yes, sir.” Notes: I (BeautifulLights) would like to note that despite Finn and Poe's assumption that the couple would fit into traditional gender roles, the dad (a) conked out for a two-hour nap to sober up, then (b) navigated while the mom drove. Chapter 5 : After the Lake - Part 1 Summary: Finn and Poe continue the longest fucking date in the history of ever. ;) Warnings specific to this chapter: panic attacks - the boys trigger each other in this chapter, it's part of figuring out how the puzzle pieces of them work together; Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe blinked at Finn, looked straight ahead out the windshield, revved the engine, put the car in gear, checked his mirrors for small children, peeled out of the gravel parking lot, jolted up the long rutted drive, and swerved out onto the state route, carefully keeping only one thought in his head at a time. “You,” he said at last, still not looking at Finn, “are going to slay me one of these days. You’re going to do something so fucking sexy that I just faint and topple off the tower into the ocean like that chick in the movie.” “Out of respect for our lives, I’m going to keep my mouth shut right now. And just think what I want to say, instead,” Finn said with another smirk. Absently, he checked that Poe’s eyes were on the road, then slipped a hand down the front of his trunks, just wanting a little relief. Just a little. Properly adjusted, he expelled a little breath and kept looking ahead. “I heard that,” Poe said. “Sorry, I—" Finn paused, closing his eyes in embarrassment. “Sorry.” “‘S ok, man,” Poe said softly. He reached out and patted Finn’s shoulder, not taking his eyes off the road. “I’d ask you to help me out, but that really wouldn’t help the situation.” “Mmm. Well now I’m thinking about that, over here.” Poe braked hard for a red light, knuckles clenched on the steering wheel. “I will get you back for that, I swear to god—” “You are magnificent when you’re...whatever this is. Horny? Angry? Driving like we’re on a race track, in total control. Fuck. Do you race any of those cars you fix up?” “Not angry.” Poe turned to Finn at last, brow furrowed. “You’re ok. I’m just—” The light changed and he hit the gas again, focusing on the road. “Horny,” he said at last. “Very. Horny. I’ve never—I never understood, before. Movies and shit, where a couple would lock themselves into a bathroom or something because they couldn’t stand to wait to get home to have sex in their actual bed. I mean—I can wait as long as I have to now, I guess. But I don’t particularly want to.” His lips curled up into a brief smirk. “Glad you like it, though.” Finn eyed the grip of Poe’s fingers on the steering wheel, the way he wove them in and around traffic, eyes alert, lips still quirked in that smirk. “Oh yeah. I like.” His own hand twitched to creep down, again. “Don’t you even think about it.” Poe grinned down the open lane as he swerved to pass a truck, neatly and cleanly and reasonably close to the speed limit. He did not plan to get a ticket today, no sir. “Pilot, remember? I see everything and everyone.” Something inside Finn clicked at the command, and the twitching hand stopped, even though he felt like he was about to burst. “Okay,” he said, knowing his voice sounded strained. “Two minutes, buddy,” Poe said softly. He touched Finn’s knee, then slapped his hand back on the wheel. Right past the bridge, yield to the other lane, slow down and wait for a gap in traffic, turn up the road, left, left again, pull into the short driveway, wait for the garage door to lift, slide into place. Poe yanked up the brake, clicked the engine off, and stared out into his messy garage, fingers clutching the keys. “Welcome back to my house,” he said. If you’d asked him, Finn would have been embarrassed to admit that his chest was literally heaving with how turned on Poe had gotten him. They sat there, in the dark garage, in silence, for another ten seconds, before Finn burst into action, desperately hitting at the button to release his seat belt and trying to open the car door, then thinking better of it and turning to Poe, practically lunging across the center console to get at his lips. God, he thought he might die without those lips. Poe clung to Finn and kissed him back for all he was worth. “Wait,” he rasped at last. He broke off the kiss, grabbed Finn’s shoulders, and hung on tight, gasping for air. “You said,” he panted, “you wanted to take this slowly. That you weren’t in a good headspace for this right now. I’ve just been—rushing forward and I—I forgot that, I’m sorry. I can drive you straight home if you want. Or—or anything. Whatever you want. To do. It’s ok.” Finn let himself breathe, eyes intent on Poe. Slowly, he came to a decision. “You—you are. Quite possibly the best man I’ve ever known.” He rested his forehead against Poe’s. “And so, I’m going to let you make a choice too.” His hand settled on Poe’s hip. “I’m going to come, quite possibly in my pants, like a thirteen-year-old.” He smiled ruefully, then cupped Poe’s cheek. “Whether I come at home, all by myself, or in your arms—that’s the decision we need to make right now.” “Jesus,” Poe croaked. “Don’t talk like that. I’m not even sure I can make it into the house before I explode, at this rate.” He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, then another. “Well,” he said at last. “If you’re asking. What I want to do.” Finn’s shoulders were warm and strong and distractingly well-muscled. Poe rubbed his thumb into the sun-warmed seam above Finn’s collarbone, then sighed. “I want to do—something—with you. Now. Sex, or—or anything. I want to touch you, I want you to touch me, I want—I want a lot of things. But I’m serious. It’s not my decision. It’s yours. What are you comfortable with? What do you want to do? Nothing, or—or not now, or—or anything like that, those are good answers too.” “I want… How do I put it into words? I want...everything. With you. Not today,” Finn laughed. “Just sometime. And I don’t want it to just be physical. That’s why—that’s why I asked to slow down. Because I don’t want to be in a relationship with someone who can just walk away because all I am to them is a dick.” Poe’s eyes widened. “Fuck them,” he growled. “You’re not—god.” He cradled Finn’s face in his hands. “You’re so much more than that. I swear to you.” Finn nodded even as his lip trembled. “ Best man.” He leaned forward, capturing Poe’s lips again, then winced when the gear shift ended up gouging him in the side. “Uh. I want—I need you to touch me. But maybe we could move this to that couch you offered me before? Or the bed?” “Yeah?” Poe grinned at him, lit with joy. “That’s—that’s great. That’s awesome. That’s so great. This—this is good. Really good. We could definitely move this to a better spot. Um. Shit. I think the couch is still covered in last quarter’s books and payroll and shit. Bed’s ok?” He pressed one last swift kiss to Finn’s forehead, fumbled with his seatbelt, and clambered out of the car. “Bed is so okay.” Finn followed Poe through the door, then, impatient, pressed him against hallway wall and took his mouth again, rolling his hips into Poe. “Right,” he gasped, breaking off. “Bed.” He pushed away from the wall, pulling off his shirt. “Hnnnngh,” Poe said, or something like that. Legs. Did his legs still work? He led Finn down the short hallway to his bedroom—“Hang on,” he said, and shut the door behind him for a frenzied sixty-second cleanup. Laundry successfully wrangled into the closet, he opened the door again and tugged Finn back in—right, he’d taken his shirt off, fucking hell Poe really was going to explode right then and there, wasn’t he? Instead, Poe shut the door behind Finn and pinned him to the wall, one knee between his legs. He kissed Finn the way he’d needed to kiss him, back at the lake—until they were the same person, breathless and trembling—until Poe had to brace both arms against the wall to hold his shaking legs up. Finn wasted no more time sinking his fingers exactly where he’d been wanting to all along, running them down Poe’s back and then squeezing into his ass, boosting Poe up on him as he leaned against the wall. “Skin,” he mumbled in between kisses. “Want. Skin.” He grabbed a hold of Poe’s thighs better, wrapping them around his waist. “Hang on.” Poe slipped out of Finn’s grip and stepped back, heart pounding. “I should have asked. I’m sorry. Is there anything I should or shouldn’t do? Or touch?” He reached back to take Finn’s hand, already missing the contact. Finn clung to his hand like it was a lifeline. “I like to top and bottom. My body is pretty much open game, although some positions for my back are tricky. I, uh, well, I’m triggered by loud noises, so as long as your dick doesn’t blare like a trumpet when you come, I think I’ll be okay.” He tugged a little on Poe’s hand, then swept a kiss over his forehead. “You just—you just keep proving to me that I’m making the right choice here. I’ve never...never had anyone care about this stuff.” “A trumpet,” Poe cackled. “God, I hope not. That would be awkward.” He kissed Finn right back, short and sweet. “And fuck ‘em all over again. Assholes. Glad you’re rid of them.” He took a deep breath and braced his feet beneath his shoulders. “I, um. Am the same, I guess. Well, I mean. Substitute knee for back, is all. And, um. No, um. No.” He bit his lip. “No breathplay. Or hand on my throat, or covering my mouth so I can’t breathe, or anything like that.” He scrubbed a hand through his hair. “I think that’s it. I haven't, um. Been with anyone. In…a few years. So. I might be a little out of practice?” He laughed self-deprecatingly. “Hope it’s like riding a bike.” “You’re doing great. Better than.” Finn nosed into Poe’s neck, letting his lips play over the skin there. “Now can I see some skin?” “Right,” Poe croaked. “Skin. Yeah. Ok.” He yanked off his shirt, grabbed Finn’s arms, walked them backwards to the bed, and sat down. “Can I,” he said, and completely forgot the rest of his words. He tugged on the drawstring to Finn’s swim trunks instead, hands shaking. “Please.” Finn wasn’t sure he could breathe anymore, as he waited, tense with anticipation. Poe focused on the knot until he managed to get it undone, then slid— shit holy shit is this really happening holy shit— Finn’s shorts down over his ass. Finn’s cock sprang free, already hard and leaking. Poe stared at it. Shit. Holy shit. We’re really doing this. “And you, please?” Finn asked, hand on the waistband of Poe’s trunks. “Hang on,” Poe said. “Hang on. Hang on.” He scrubbed a hand over his face. “Can we. Can we just. Lie here for a little while first?” “Yeah. Yeah, of course.” Finn sat beside Poe. Inside, his lust moved from something desperate to something slower. “Whatever you like.” His hand rested on Poe’s stomach, massaging there, as he watched Poe’s face. Between them, his cock strained, bobbing, and to take Poe’s nervous tension away from it, he kissed him slowly instead. Tried to get back to the kiss Poe had given him moments ago, when he’d been pinned to the wall by Poe’s body, like Poe had been touching all of his pressure points at once. “I’m sorry,” Poe said, looking at his feet. Fucking hell. What the fuck am I doing trying to fool around like this. It’s been too long since I’ve even seen someone else naked, it’s too much, I can’t— “Can you,” Poe tries, “maybe—” No, I can’t. I can’t. This is embarrassing. Tell him. No, it’s dumb, I can’t— Tell him tell him TELL HIM, you coward. Ok, fuck, I’m telling him, ok? “The shorts,” Poe rasped. “Can you. Put them—on? Maybe? I’m sorry.” He’d gone soft with the sudden spike of panic, he realized, with a wave of heated shame. “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry.” The panic in Poe’s voice was like a bucket of cold water, washing over Finn, making his stomach knot, disturbing whatever fragile peace he’d found here. “Yeah. Of course. Of course.” Finn scooted to the edge of the bed, retrieving the trunks and slipping them back on, awkwardly trying to stuff his cock away. He stayed there, fingers kneading painfully into his thighs, looking for some type of distraction. “I pushed too far. I—too intense. Too intense. I’m. Too much for people. I get it.” Jerkily, he got off the bed, wishing he could just will away the lust, will away the hardon, as he walked to the hallway to find his shirt and his sandals. Home wasn’t far. “No, no, no! No.” Poe ran into the hallway and caught Finn by the shoulder. “No. Buddy. You’re ok.” He bit his lip, hard. “I’m sorry. I just—I thought I—was ready, and maybe I wasn’t really, I don’t know, I just—panicked a little, it happens—well, it happens to me, often. It’s ok. Can we just—if you want, I mean, if you want to go home that’s completely ok and I’ll drive you if you want to or not if that’s too awkward but um—” Poe sucks in a breath, then hurries on. “Can we just cuddle? That was really nice, on the dock. I really liked that. Can we do more of that, maybe? Now?” Finn twisted the shirt in his hands. He wanted to be touched by Poe so badly, it felt like all of his nerve ends were screaming for it. He nodded, slowly—dumbly, he thought. “Yeah. Maybe—" His breath hitched, and he was surprised, baffled, really, at the tears in his voice. Where had that come from? “Maybe not the bed, then. I can help you clean off the couch? Or the kitchen, that was nice.” He was still looking at the shirt, still twisting it in his hands. He didn’t want to look up, was so afraid to see rejection there. “Sure.” Poe's voice shook a little. “Whatever you want.” He cautiously reached out and touched Finn’s arm. “You're ok, buddy,” he repeated. “You did nothing wrong. I just—I haven't been touched by, like—anybody, in years, and—I haven't seen anyone naked, either, and I guess I just—it just startled me, that's all. I'm ok. Or, I'll be ok. I just wanted to slow down a little.” He hesitated. “Are you ok?” Finn was trying to focus on Poe’s words, really, he was. But everything was getting that wub-wub effect, like he was in water. Like everything was slowing down and speeding up at the same time. His heart was pounding, and he collapsed against the wall, then slunk to the floor. That felt okay, felt more stable. He could handle the world from down here. He laid his head on his thighs and tried to breath, tried to slow his heart. It was just a panic attack. He could do this. He was going to get through this. For what? What’s on the other side of this that’s worth fighting for? He reached, groped blindly for something, anything that was worth fighting this for. Shit. Shit. Shit shit shit no. Poe crouched down to meet Finn, heart pounding. “Baby,” he rasped. “You're ok. You're here, in my house. Everything is ok. You're safe.” He took Finn’s hands and held them tight. “You're going to be ok,” he said, as firmly as he could. “We're all safe. You're going to breathe with me now, all right? Come on, let's count.” Poe. Poe, Poe, Poe. “On-nnnne.” The first number was shaky, but Finn pushed it out. “Two. Thre—" He made it halfway through three before he needed to take a big swooping breath, and he tried to make it last, watching Poe’s lips as they counted for him. “One. Two. Three. Four.” The success of making it all the way through the count bloomed bright in his chest, beating back the dark voice, the one that liked to tell him he was worthless to everyone, tell him that he might as well give up. Finn wasn’t sure how many rotations they did before he felt like he was breathing normally again, hands still clutched in Poe’s. He tugged a little on Poe’s hands. “Cuddles, please,” he rasped, watching Poe’s face closely for rejection. “There you go, baby. Welcome back.” Poe beamed at him, full of pride. “Feeling a little better?” He stroked Finn’s cheek, glad to see the frantic white of Finn’s eyes give way to his normal warm brown. “Cuddles sound lovely. But, um. Can we talk for a moment first? I just—I clearly pushed some kind of button, back there, and I don't really know what it was. I'd like to know so I can try not to push it again. If you know, I mean. If not, that's ok. Or we can talk about it later, if you'd rather. And cuddle first.” “Can we cuddle and talk?” Finn's voice was whisper soft. “Sure.” Poe rubbed his thumb over the back of Finn’s hand. “Bed? Couch?” “...Couch, I think.” Stiffly, Finn moved, as if he wasn't sure of his joints. “Ok.” Poe helped Finn up and steadied him on his arm. “Can I get you anything? Water, or tea, or something?” Finn weighed his options. If he sent Poe for something, it'd give him a little time to himself, and maybe that was a good thing. But—“I should be the one offering you something. I'm sorry I made this about me.” “It’s ok, buddy.” Poe stopped halfway to the couch and turned to face Finn. “Let’s make a rule now, all right? No need to apologize for freaking out. In any way. Ever. You’re ok.” Notes: lights and I continue to play cock-block chicken. *cough* wait did I tell you it was smut chicken before? Oops Notes: Comments and kudos would be excellent! We are excited for you to see the rest of what we’ve done, but there is no set release schedule. At this point, we’ve written almost 50k words, so yeah, there will be more. A lot more. You can find TuppingLiberty on tumblr @animalasaysrauer . BeautifulLights is @beautifullights1 . Please come chat/squee with us about the wonderful dynamic duo that is Stormpilot. And John Boyega’s thighs (also a wonderful dynamic duo). And please, leave your suggestion for TuppingLiberty and BeautifulLights’ ship name below. Craft us a wonderful portmanteau. <3