Poe makes a decision that may save the camp Chapter 2: The Millenioum Falcon can be romantic... honest! Chapter 3: Poe teaching Finn to dance Notes: Alright, so along with a Chirrut/Baze series and a Qui-Gon & Obi-Wan/Codywan series, I’ve also decided to start a Stormpilot series…. I have no life haha! As usual, prompts are encouraged :) Please read and review :) Chapter 1 Alarms were blaring on D’Qar. Now this was nothing truly unusual, especially as there were always threats against the Resistance…. But this time was different. This time, it was nothing to do with the First Order. General Leia Organa ran the resistance camp on D’Qar, but that didn’t mean there weren’t other resistance groups... some more extreme than their own. Recently, one of these other camps had tried a hostile takeover in order to gain more supporters, and therefore, the ‘deserved’ right-hand seat of the New Republic. It had failed…. Dramatically. The other leader was not pleased with this… hence the warning alarms. This other camp had more powerful, and highly illegal weapons, such as heat-seeking missiles. One of which was heading straight for Leia’s camp. With all of their X-wings (aside from one) damaged in the last fight against these extremists and the Millennium Falcon still looking for Luke, the resistance had very little hope. “Maybe we can get to a shelter?!” yelled one of the Commanders frantically, as the rebel base tried to pack up as much as they could and get out of the missile radius. Leia Organa, who was staring up at the sky, simply shook her head. “Those missiles can destroy everything within a 7.7-mile radius… there is no shelter from this.” “B-but that means- “ Leia sighed, “Get as many people as far away as you can… maybe we can salvage something of this resistance.” Standing to one side, near the X-Wing hanger bay, Finn and Poe watched as Leia gave orders for the woman and children to be evacuated first. “The Order had weapons like that…” muttered Finn, his eyes firmly focused on Leia despite Poe’s concerned look, “….they used to ‘test’ them on villages who defied them. Nobody survived to try and disrespect the Order again.” Before Poe could answer, somebody cried out, “THERE IT IS!” Everyone’s eyes turned to the horizon, where the missile could be seen rising into the air, a trail of smoke behind it. Once it stopped rising, it would descend on their camp. Finn raced over to General Organa, leaving Poe by the wall. “Isn’t there anything we could do?” “No… unless someone is willing to sacrifice themselves and pilot into the missile with our remaining X-Wing. The pilot would be sacrificing themselves, and with all of our pilots injured in the last fight- “ “Not all of them…” Leia and Finn turned to face Poe, who had come up behind them. Poe smiled, “You’ve still got one pilot left…” he continued, “… I can fix this.” Without waiting for an answer, Poe sprinted off towards the last X-Wing, ignoring Leia’s orders to “STOP!” behind him and the sound of someone running after him. “POE!” yelled Finn, “POE, THERE’S GOT TO BE ANOTHER WAY! PLEASE!” Poe ignored him, clambering up the ladder into the X-Wing. However, before he could climb into the cockpit and lock himself inside, he felt a familiar hand grab his arm. “Poe please…” whispered Finn as Poe twisted around to face him, stunned to see tears in his lover’s eyes, “…there’s got to be another way.” Poe sighed, “You know there isn’t… and if doing this means that you and million others won’t die, then I won’t hesitate to sacrifice one life for many.” “Then maybe I could- “ “No…” interrupted Poe, gently placing a hand upon his lover’s cheek, “…. Stay here. Please don’t try and follow me.” Before Finn could say another word, he was pushed away from the ladder, enabling Poe to clamber into the cockpit and start the engines. Ignoring the orders coming over his comms, Poe launched the X-Wing into the air and straight towards the missile. As he got closer and closer, Poe allowed himself one last look at D’Qar, closing his eyes and smiling softy to himself. “Goodbye Finn.” ……………………………………………… Down on the ground, Finn collapsed to his knees and stared up at the massive explosion above the Resistance camp. No-one cheered. Chapter 2 : Romantic Flight Notes: Alright, so along with a Chirrut/Baze series and a Qui-Gon & Obi-Wan/Codywan series, I’ve also decided to start a Stormpilot series…. I have no life haha! As usual, prompts are encouraged :) Please read and review :) “Poe, what are you doing?” chuckled Finn as he was led out of the Med-Bay, a hand placed gently over his eyes. “I was supposed to go see General Organa after my recovery!” “Think of this like a kidnapping then.” Finn could hear the chatter and laughing as they moved through the base. He heard Poe greet a few of his friends, before the pilot continued. “To be honest, I asked her for a little favour. I wanted to show you something before your interrogation.” “Interrogation?!” There was a pause, before Poe sighed. “I’m sorry… I didn’t mean to worry you. She just wants to talk to you, no interrogation okay?” Finn sighed in relief, “Okay… so what’s this little favour you asked her for? And how come she just lets you ask? In the First Order we- “ “- this isn’t the First Order buddy…” interrupted Poe, “… and Leia helped to raise me when my Mom died. We have a close bond.” Nodding in understanding, Finn allowed himself to be led further into the base. Eventually, he felt himself being led up a ramp and, probably, into a vehicle. A vehicle he recognised. “Is this- “ Poe dramatically pulled his hands away from Finn’s eyes. “Tada! Welcome to the Millennium Falcon!” “… You know I’ve been in here before right. Twice!” Poe just shrugged. “Not with me as a pilot. General Organa gave me permission to take you on my first flight in this beauty! With Luke and Rey back, I couldn’t resist.” “Just us?” “Yeah… is that a problem, because I can always get Chewie to come- “ “- No, no, no!” Finn waved his hands in an attempt to stop Poe’s babbles, “It’s not that at all…. It’s just that, I don’t know if I’ll be the best co-pilot for you.” Poe smiled. “I don’t want a co-pilot this time. I want a… friend.” There was silence for a few moments, before Finn nodded in agreement. The pair grinned and each other and raced towards the cockpit, seating themselves and preparing for take-off. Poe got the necessary permissions, and soon they were off… very quickly. “Ummm Poe?” Poe didn’t seem to hear him, whooping in joy as the Falcon climbed higher and higher… faster and faster. “POE!” Turning to grin at his partner, Poe levelled the Falcon off in the sky. “Don’t worry buddy, I know what I’m doing.” “I know, and that’s what’s scaring MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!” Finn yelled as Poe angled the Millennium Falcon into a downwards spiral… straight towards a large stretch of water. “Poe, the sea…. Poe, look out for the sea!” Seemingly delighted at Finn’s alarm, Poe whooped in glee, pulling up just before they hit the water. He made the Falcon ascend again, this time, spinning it in mid-air. “I really hate you…” muttered Finn, who was gripping tightly onto the edge of the chair. Rey’s flying was erratic and Han was crazy for doing the Lightspeed stunt, but Poe was just…. Insane. And yet Finn loved it. In the pilot’s chair, Poe glanced over at Finn and instantly felt guilty at the slightly queasy look on Finn’s face. Quickly, he eased out of the spins and levelled the Falcon off, slowly going higher until they were drifting through the clouds. As the sun was setting in the distance, the clouds were highlighted in shades of pink and red. “Woah…” whispered Finn, slipping out of his seat (now that Poe has calmed down) and leaning towards the cockpit. They were in the air for what seemed like hours, the evening sky turning dark before them apart from the glitter of the stars in the night sky and the faint lights of the camp on the land down below. Without saying another word, Poe landed the Falcon and the pair left, the camp silent around them as many people were in their rooms. “That…” began Finn, “…was amazing.” “Even my piloting at first?” Finn laughed, “At least I can say that I haven’t been on the Millennium Falcon without the pilot flying crazily!” “Sorry to disappoint…” The pair span around at the familiar voice, both flushing as General Organa smiled knowingly at them, “…. however, every flight that I ever went on with Han was a crazy ride. When you’ve been on fifty plus crazy rides, then I will concede my title.” Without waiting for them to respond, General Organa bowed her head and smirked at them. “Have a nice night gentleman.” She gave a significant glance down before striding away, prompting Poe to follow her gaze. He flushed… unknowingly, he and Finn had linked hands on the walk off the Falcon. Before he could even think about removing his hand from the warm grasp, Finn’s hand tightened around his own. “Don’t…” whispered the other man, “… please?” Poe glanced up at Finn, and flushed slightly. “A-are you sure?” Another squeeze of his hand, “I’m sure Poe…. I’m sure.” There was silence for a few moments, before Poe nodded and grinned, silently willing his red cheeks to cool down. “I should have taken you flying a long time ago if this was going to be the result.” “It wasn’t this flight that attracted me to you…” “Then when- “ Poe stopped, “- The tie fighter? You felt like this then?” Finn shrugged, “You gave me a name, you didn’t seem to care that I was a Stormtrooper…. And when I thought you were dead, I thought someone had ripped my heart out.” Poe remained silent as Finn continued. “I didn’t know what that meant until I came here…” “… And now?” “Now…” Finn glanced at their hands, “… now I want to give this chance. Would that be okay?” “Yeah buddy… yeah, it’s okay.” Chapter 3 : In Your Arms Notes: Alright, so along with a Chirrut/Baze series and a Qui-Gon & Obi-Wan/Codywan series, I’ve also decided to start a Stormpilot series…. I have no life haha! As usual, prompts are encouraged :) Please read and review :) The posters appeared almost overnight. Pinned all over the base, were posters about a ball that would take place at the end of the week in order to celebrate the destruction of Starkiller Base…. Even if it was over a month ago, that the base was destroyed. “What d’ya think Fearless Leader?” Jess nudged Poe in the side as he stared at one of the posters in the cafeteria, “One romantic night for you and Finn right?” Poe shrugged, turning his attention away from the poster. “I don’t really want to pressure him…” he mused, “… after all, quite a few people still believe he’s going to betray us at any moment.” “Even though he helped destroy the Base and fought Kylo Ren himself?!” “Yep…. And spending a whole evening with those kriff-heads might be… uncomfortable for him.” Jess nodded in understanding, turning back to her meal. After a few minutes, Snap glanced up and gently nudged Poe’s leg with his foot. “Heads up. Boyfriend at nine o’clock.” Twisting around, Poe grinned when he saw Finn heading over. “Hey…” he greeted, pulling Finn into a kiss once the younger male sat down, “… how’s the medical bay been?” After Finn had recovered from his coma, Leia had given him the chance to choose what he would do for the Resistance. Finn had immediately asked to take on an apprenticeship in the med-bay, wanting to heal people instead of hurt them. Finn frowned, “I think we had about twenty people come in with sprained ankles or pulled back muscles. Is there a new training regime that I’m not aware of?” Chuckling Jess and Snap shook their head, each giving Poe significant glances until the other pilot sighed. “They’re probably dancing injuries.” “Huh?” Poe gestured to the poster. “General Organa has decided to host a ball in celebration of the Starkiller Base destruction… all those sprained ankles are probably from people trying to dance.” There was silence for a few minutes as Finn read the poster, before he turned to Poe and grinned. “We should go!” “P-pardon?” “To the dance? We should go….” Suddenly Finn’s face fell, “… unless you don’t want to?” “No, no, I do!” Poe was quick to deny, “I just didn’t think you wanted to?” “Why wouldn’t I?” Before Poe could answer, Jess stepped in, grinning madly. “He was just being over-protective Finn… it’s best to ignore him when he gets like that.” “Thanks, Pava.” “You’re welcome Dameron.” Finn laughed when Poe groaned, “So Poe Dameron…” he began, “… would you like to go to the dance with me?” “… You’ve been watching those romantic holo-vids, haven’t you?” “Sometimes my shift is slow…. So, will you?” Quickly kissing Finn on the cheek, Poe nodded. “Of course.” “Great! I’ll meet you by the river this evening and we can practice!” Before Poe could answer, Finn’s pager beeped, causing him to scowl. “Sorry…” he apologised, “… looks like we have a blaster accident.” He quickly pecked Poe on the cheek and raced off, waving goodbye as he went. “See you later!” ………………………………………………. “I can’t believe I just asked him like that….” Muttered Finn, as he paced back and forth by the lake, “… I didn’t even ask, I just told him to meet me here!” He took a deep breath, “Okay Finn, calm down… what can go wrong?” “You know, they say talking to yourself is the first sign of madness.” Finn span around at the familiar voice, his eyes widening when he saw Poe coming down the hill that led down to the lake. The older man was wearing, what appeared to be, a military uniform. The top half was navy blue, with a couple of medals pinned onto its’ left hand side. The trouser were pitch black, a clearly neatly pressed, with black boots to match. Flushing slightly at Finn’s gaze, Poe spread his arms out for inspection. “Do you mind?” he began, “I thought it was time to get this old thing out of storage. I can change if you want?” “No, no, no!” Finn practically yelled, “No, I think you look…gorgeous.” Poe grinned at this, stepping closer to his boyfriend. “Thank you.” He glanced around, “How very romantic… you wanted to practice?” Nodding eagerly, Finn chuckled. “Yeah, as soon as I asked you to the ball, I realised that I didn’t actually know how to dance… I didn’t want to embarrass you on the night.” “You could never do that buddy.” Poe gently took Finns’ hands and began to away side to side, “It’s that hard really.” “The number of sprained ankles I had to deal with today, says otherwise.” Poe chuckled at this, “They were probably trying too hard… just remember, don’t move to the music. Let the music move you. Dancing isn’t just steps… it’s a feeling in your heart. And if you trust it, then soon, the world will fade away… and all you’ll hear is music. And all you’ll feel, is love.” “Wise words.” “…. My Mother loved dancing.” Finn nodded in understanding. Whilst Poe never shied away from talking about his parents, it was clearly an upsetting subject. After a couple minutes of silence, Poe smiled at Finn. “I remember, they used to have this song. Their song, Mom called it.” “…Sing it to me?” Poe was silent for a few moments, before nodding. “Okay, but don’t expect too much from me… it’s been a long time since I’ve thought about it.” Silence. “…Fine. But I warned you okay?” Poe took a deep breath…. And began; “In your arms, I find the courage In your arms, I gather strength Have you heard? Have I told you? I just want to hold you Grow old with you in my arms.” Finn grinned as Poe led him through the simple steps of a waltz, the simple tune guiding their feet. “In your arms, I hide no secrets In your arms, I feel no fears There is something so right With you here tonight. When I'm holding you in… ….my whole world starts to spin When I'm holding you in my arms.” After a while, Finn could see that Poe’s mind was clearly somewhere else, lost in distant memories as the tempo increased and the steps grew more frenzied. “If this is a dream, don’t wake me If I give myself, just take me With my eyes, I feel you With every breath reveal you My everything, there is nothing more. You are all that I feel There is nothing more real When I'm holding you in my arms.” The song slowly came to a stop as Finn pulled Poe closer. “That was….” “…painful to hear?” “…. beautiful.”