Charm Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Father says there are three rules to making people follow you. Charm. Father says that it’s better to make people want to do what you say than to force them to do it. He says that if they adore you, they’ll do what you like, sometimes even before you ask. Practicality. It’s only important to charm people you can get something from or who can help you advance. The rest don’t matter. Detachment. The worst thing you can do is care about them. Father says that I must always remember that I am the only one that matters here. Everyone else is just a means to my ends. If I forget that, that’s when I’ll fail. Journal of Armitage Hux, 14 ABY *** ------- Classification: 50 ------- ------- 0838, 22 First Month, 30 ABY -------- TO: ARMITAGE HUX, COL SFO FINALIZER ---message begins--- Arrival of KYLO REN, apprentice to SL SNOKE confirmed for 1540, 24 FIRST MONTH. Quarters requested. KYLO REN to assume join command with COL HUX. Exact division of duties outlined in following communique. HUX to remain in control of day to day Finalizer maneuvers but requested to accommodate REN whenever possible. ---message ends--- *** At 1530, Hux makes his way down to the hangar. Kylo Ren's shuttle – a hulking mess of an Upsilon, too large and obtrusive for Hux's tastes – had dropped into normal space a few minutes before. Right on schedule, and Hux thinks that bodes well for the future. As he rounds the corner and steps into the corridor leading to the hanger doors, six stormtroopers fall into step behind him. He'd been a little unsure what sort of greeting Kylo Ren would expect. It's entirely possible that the Supreme Leader's apprentice will expect a full honor guard or something of the like. But even Hux isn't willing to bend that far. If Ren is going to be coequal with him, then he'll greet Ren just as he would greet another colonel. It's only fitting, and should get them off on the right footing. The doors open in a hiss of hydraulics, and Hux makes his way onto the hangar floor, boots clicking, hands clenched behind his back. He wishes, just for a moment, that he had a cigarette. Anything to worry with his lips, to take a drag of. It might help stop the temptation to shift from foot to foot, might help him ignore the urge to tremble and shudder and then catch himself. But smoking, gaze lazy and indolent as he blows smoke out of pursed lips, that would be no way to greet his new co-commander. Not to mention the absurdity of an open flame in the hangar bay. Hux sighs, straightens his spine. Charm . That's all he needs here. There's a warning siren as the Upsilon begins to the breach the outer layer of the hangar shield. Hux watches as its wings fold in on themselves, retracting as it settles to rest on the hangar floor. As the struts finish extending, flex against the weight of the shuttle in Finalizer's gravity, Hux steps forward. The stormtroopers’ boots sound loud against the floor, drowning out the tip-tap of his own heels. Then he's facing the ramp as it lowers, bright light spilling out of the shuttle as the atmospheres equalize in a rush of steam. Hux's first glimpse of Kylo Ren has his stomach flipping nervously, his insides clenching so tightly he can hardly breathe. Ren is huge, a looming shape in black robes that flutter behind him. His face is covered, a mask obscuring his features. It gleams in the light of the hangar, dull silver and leather. Hux's eyes flit to Ren's wide belt. Instead of a blaster, something else hangs there. It can't be. Hux dearly hopes it isn't. He's heard stories, of course. He’s seen holos of both Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader, blades gleaming even through the wan light of the recordings. And this, this looks like one of those. It's clipped to Ren's side, a strange cross shape, and for a moment Hux wonders if he's imagining what it is. But even he can't be that self-deluding. A lightsaber. Hux cocks his head slightly to one side. What other surprises does Kylo Ren bring? A lightsaber means a Force wielder. And while Hux may have resigned himself to dealing with the Supreme Leader on a regular basis – command of Finalizer, command of the flagship practically guarantees it – he's not so sure of having to share command with another strange creature on a regular basis. Will the rules even apply? He isn't sure. But there's no chance to ponder the question, because Ren is stomping down the ramp, tread heavy and ponderous. Hux takes a single step forward, straightens his back even farther. “Kylo Ren. Welcome to the Finalizer. I'm Colonel Hux.” Ren's helmet tips to one side, heavy cowl falling in shadowed folds around it. “Colonel. I believe we'll be working together quite closely.” It's impossible to tell what Ren's voice would sound like, freed of that constricting helmet. It's deep, its echoing sonority a menacing roar. But there's a note of humor running through it. Something at the base of Hux's spine uncurls a little. If Ren can sound this relaxed, pleasant, even behind that mess of a uniform, then perhaps this will work out. “Indeed. As to that: would you prefer to see your quarters first, take a tour of our ship, or meet with me?” Hux uses the possessive carefully, smiles at Ren with a half-quirk of his lips when he says it. If this is his lot – to share his command, to stand beside this hulking mystery, then he may as well accept it. Charm . There's no use getting off on the wrong foot. “I have studied the plans extensively. If you're available, Colonel, I'd like to begin discussing our course of action.” Hux nods. Preparation and a desire to begin working. Perhaps this will work quite well. “If you'll follow me, then?” He doesn't wait for Ren's reply, but turns on his heel. He has only taken a few steps before he feels Ren fall into step beside him, long legs matching Hux's stride for stride. Yes, this may work out quite well. *** Father says that I'm paying too much attention to the younger cadets. I tried to explain that I was trying to learn how to lead. He laughed. He said that I wasn't supposed to actually care about their progress. I was supposed to care about how they helped me. He laughed at me again, and I don't know... I don't know how to make myself different. It's just inside me, this stupid need to try to help. It's so weak. I should know better by now. He told me that charm isn't the same thing as care. They need to want to please me, not the other way round. And I... I don't want to... I can't go to reconditioning again. I can't. I don't. It doesn't work. Not ever. I still have this stupid fucking feeling inside, and I just. I need. I don't know. I have to fix myself somehow this time. Journal of Armitage Hux, 17 ABY *** [From: Ren. 24.03.30, 1345] I have a new assignment from the Supreme Leader. I will require a squadron of stormtroopers. [To: Ren. 24.03.30, 1349] I will be free at 1430 to discuss the assignment and which trooper squadron to deploy. Hux rolls his shoulders. They’ve grown stiff from the hours standing on the bridge, from ages spent with his kneecaps raised and his hands clasped behind his back. He hasn’t seen Ren all day, not since the conference yesterday when Ren stalked out in the middle of a discussion of new weapons acquisition. Hux still has the slight indentations of his fingernails in his palms from where he’d dug them in too deep, from where he broke the skin after Ren walked out. Charm He’d looked later, of course. The holo chamber had activated 16 standard minutes after Ren left the meeting. Hux had soothed his aching hands in a basin of water, grateful that the only thing he’s done wrong is this. Grateful that he'd controlled himself long enough to see what had called Ren away. All he has is another line of twisted scabs to add to those already littering his palms. The rules always work. Ensign Mitaka comes over holding a board for Hux to review and Hux takes it gingerly. Its edges press into his hands and he feels his stomach clench at the ache. It’s a good pain, clear and bright. Mitaka raises an eyebrow but then his expression smoothes. Hux shakes his head slightly. He needs to leave, go to his office, if he’s letting such minor things affect how he appears to the crew. He signs the board. “I’ll be in my office. You have the con, Lieutenant Callan.” He stalks out of the room, each footstep echoing up his boots to reverberate somewhere near his knees. The walk to his office is short, and Hux keeps his hands clasped behind his back, blindingly aware of the ache in between his shoulderblades. It will keep. Not for very long, but it will keep. He lets go once the door to his office slides shut, flexes his hands inside his gloves and debates shrugging out of his uniform for a few seconds, stretching the knots out of his shoulders. But Ren will be here soon, and there’s no good impression to be made while standing in the middle of his office with a sweat-stained undershirt and contorted limbs. Instead, he goes to sit behind his desk. He’s just opened up his datapad, started reviewing the latest trooper training files, when the door chimes a request for entry. Hux looks up as it slides open and Ren stomps inside, and his knees ache in sympathy with every heavy fall of Ren’s boots. “Kylo Ren. I was just reviewing the trooper files…” “You were upset when I left the meeting yesterday.” Hux pushes the datapad to one side. He presses his knees together, bones clacking with a hollowness that reverberates up his thighs. He only just manages not to ball his fists up, remembers that there’s soft leather against his palms and he’ll get nothing out of the habit but aching hands. “I was. I was concerned that you’d walk out of such an important discussion without a word.” Hux bites back a sigh. His heel taps up and down, flutter fast. Ren noticed his annoyance, and that’s just… he plants his foot firmly on the floor. “But you’re not worried anymore?” Ren cocks his head to one side, helmet tipping. “No.” Hux forces his legs to spread apart, to relax against the cramp of tension that’s crawling up one of his calves. “You have your own duties, and the Supreme Leader can call on you to perform them at any time. It would be foolish of me not to recognize that.” “And you are not a foolish man, Colonel.” There’s a grating sound through the voicebox of Ren’s helmet. Hux takes a deep breath. “Where are you heading on your mission?” “I hardly think that concerns you. No course deviation will be required. I will take my own shuttle.” Hux shuts his eyes for a long moment. He counts to ten, then bites hard on the inside of his own mouth. He can feel blood starting to seep out of his cheek, can taste the chalky metal. He opens his eyes. “I need to know so I can assign a proper trooper squadron. There are groups that specialize entirely in jungle combat, for example.” Ren inclines his helmet. “It will be urban work. There is an operative working for the First Order who we have been informed may be intending to defect. I need backup in removing him from his current assignment and returning him to the Order for questioning.” Hux tries to subtly arch his back a little to relieve some of the pressure between his shoulders. Too much, he’s holding too much inside, and he’s never, ever been good enough to let it wash away. He focuses back on Ren’s words, the uneven cadence of his voice. Capturing an insurgent. “Will the troopers be undercover?” “Most unlikely. The world is First Order controlled. Our operative has been keeping tabs on a known Resistance agent trying to recruit from the population.” Hux’s mouth tightens. “And you think he’s going to defect?” “I would prefer he did not, wouldn’t you?” Hux dips his head absently as he brings up the urban-specialized squadrons currently aboard Finalizer. There’s the FN corps, but they’re far more elite than Ren needs on this sort of trip, and anyway, they’re due for a rotation on Starkiller Base. He pulls up DH’s file. Good marks in urban encounters, one deployment to quiet a disturbance on Vallt, a few more minor skirmishes. Probably perfect for Ren’s purposes. “Do you know how long you’ll be gone?” “Not more than a fortnight, I expect.” Ren leans forward a little. “Are you planning anything in my absence, Colonel?” His voice is light, but Hux hears an odd ring even though the warping distortion of the helmet. “I need to know how long to sign the troopers out to you for.” Sign the troopers out, and Hux’s stomach flips. Sign them out, not assign them. Maybe he’s finally learning what they really are: just tools in their missions, just weapons to aim and fire. Maybe Hux is finally, finally becoming better. Ren grunts. “If that’s all, Ren, I’ll have them in front of your shuttle at 0545 hours tomorrow?” Ren stands in a swirl of black robes. “That’ll be all Colonel. Enjoy signing the troopers out. ” And Ren sweeps out of the room. The moment the door closes behind him, Hux reaches up and frees the clasp of his collar. He pants a little in the stillness left by Ren’s disappearance. His shirt feels clammy under his uniform. *** [To: Ren. 01.04.30, 1546] Mission status report requested. [From: Ren. 01.04.30, 1550] Proceeding as planned. Will return to Finalizer no later than 12.04.30 [To: Ren. 05.04.30, 1620] Mission status? [From: Ren. 05.04.30, 2039] No change. [To: Ren. 10.04.30, 0423] Estimated time to return to Finalizer [From: Ren. 10.04.30, 1223] Colonel, please cease in your attempts to determine the course of my mission. I will return when the job is completed, and no sooner. Hux pushes hard at the power button on his datapad and watches Ren’s message disappear off the screen. He unclenches one fist and wipes the traces of blood from his palm absently across the side of his pants. He should have put on gloves before he opened Ren’s message. He stands and paces to the corner of his office. Those are good troopers out there with Ren, ones he can rely on. He pounds his hand into his thigh. He needs to know when he can have them back. There’s a problem in the Unknown Regions that he wants to use them to sort out, and then they’re due back for a rotation on Starkiller Base. Ren can’t possibly think it’s idle curiosity pushing Hux to keep asking about his mission. Hux pauses, stops still in the center of the room. Then he makes his way back to the desk, trying not to let the trembling of his stomach flutter up his clenching hand. I will return… He reads it again, eyes moving faster over the exchange. I . His nails bite hard into his palm this time, and he hardly notices the blood seeping through to coat his fingers. Hux slumps into the chair. Ren’s not likely to respond to another message. He bites his tongue. Those troopers matter. They matter very, very much. *** -------- Classification: 3 -------- -------- 0239, 13 Fourth Month, 30 ABY ------- TO: ARMITAGE HUX, COL SFO FINALIZER ---message begins--- Mission objective achieved. Operative neutralized. REN to arrive aboard at 2045, 13 Fourth Month. Request debrief approximately 3 standard hours after arrival. ---message ends--- *** Hux is in bed when his datapad chimes at him. It’s not a personal communication this time, not like the ones he’s been using to ask Ren for status updates. Rather, it’s the soft sound of an official communication, one filed permanently with the records corps. He pushes himself further up against the headboard and sets aside the logistics board he’s been using to review data from the latest munitions delivery. He pulls the blanket tighter around his waist as he reads the message. Still no mention of his trooper squadron. And the debrief is later than he would like, but there’s nothing to do about that if Ren is going to be arriving that late. It’s not as though he won’t be up, anyway. He sets the datapad back down on the stand next to his bed. His first shift begins at 0545. He should get some rest. *** Hux is in his office when the message comes through that Ren’s shuttle has landed. He’s embroiled in the latest problems with the mobile reconditioning stations some of mid-level command has been asking for and waves at the com halfheartedly. “Tell the squadron of DH troopers to report to Phasma for debriefing immediately.” There’s a crackle of static from the other end of the com, the sound of a sharply indrawn breath. “Trooper squadron, sir?” Hux tears his eyes away from the reconditioning sims and stares at the com. “Part of DH corps? They should have arrived back with Kylo Ren.” “Kylo Ren arrived alone, sir.” The world fades out in front of Hux’s eyes just a little. “Thank you,” Hux manages to gasp out. His chest feels tight, as though it’s clamping over a piece of missing bone, something wrenched out of it. He can’t breathe. Alone. Ren arrived alone. Hux is halfway down the corridor leading from his office before he even knows what he’s doing. His skin feels tight across his knuckles, stretched across his cheekbones, holding him together. As though a single scratch could have him falling apart. An entire squadron of troopers, gone. Troopers that he knew everything about, from their biometric data, to what planet they were born on, to their preferences in sleeping habits. Everything. All gone, wasted. Without a message, without a single sign that they had died or been lost or anything else. Unmourned and unwanted. Wasted. And Ren hadn’t even had the courtesy to say anything to him about it. Hux turns around at the end of the corridor. There’s nothing to be done down there. He has a meeting with Ren in three hours. He can wait. His skin feels like ice, glacier coating him as he walks back into his office. He can wait. *** By the time Ren shows up for the debriefing, Hux has bitten the inside of his lip raw. He’s sucking the blood from his teeth when Ren steps inside. He stands to meet Ren. “I thought you said your mission was a success.” His stomach twists at the harshness in his own voice, but there’s nothing he can do about it. “It was. I eliminated the operative. He had indeed been making plans to defect. I also eliminated the Resistance spy that he was in communication with.” Ren’s voice is flat through his helmet, a monotonous buzz of nonsense. Hux wants to rip it from his head, to see Ren’s eyes. “I don’t care about your fucking spy, Ren. What the fuck happened to my troopers?” Charm . That’s not charm, but Hux can’t feel his palms in order to break the skin. He can’t feel the pain of his lip anymore. All that’s left is the sick twist of his stomach, the bile that fills his throat as he thinks of all those dead troopers. “Casualties of eliminating a traitor.” Ren’s voice is slow, and he takes a step towards Hux’s desk. Hux grabs a stylus. He wonders if he’s strong enough to break it in two, to snap the metal that holds it together. He thinks right now, he might be. “They were only troopers, Colonel. Disposable.” “Disposable!?” Hux shouts. And the stylus is flying out of his hand to bounce, useless, against the faceplate of Ren’s mask. “They were troopers, Ren. I trained them. Phasma taught them for years. Perfectly conditioned people , Ren!” He’s around his desk, nose to nose with Ren before he can even consider it. There is no charm in this, no careful manipulation of the circumstances. There’s only blood leaking from Hux’s bitten lip across his teeth and the harsh sound of his own breath. “Careful, Hux. People might actually think you care.” Before he can even consider what he’s doing, Hux spits in his face. He watches as it slides down the side of Ren’s mask, a wet streak across the dullness of the black. “I do fucking care about my troops, Ren. You should too. Why the fuck are you in command otherwise? What did you do to deserve this, if you don’t fucking care?” Ren reaches up to wipe the spit away from his mask. He takes another step forward and he’s so close they could touch. Hux can smell the stench of flame and ash on him, the musk of old sweat. He wants to rip and tear Ren to shreds, to make him another disposable casualty. “So much anger, Colonel. You’re usually better at hiding it than this.” It all comes crashing back then. What is Hux doing? Where are the rules? What is he doing! He tears off his gloves, flings them to the floor of his office. Then he’s pushing past Ren, out, out of the office. “They’re just troopers, Hux.” Ren’s voice drifts after him. His ears ring as he pounds down the corridor. Hux takes tiny gasping breaths, chest heaving underneath the stiff fabric of his uniform. He’s in the lift before he can think of where he’s going, requesting the lowest levels of Finalizer’s bowels. The bottom drops out of his stomach as he descends. He hasn’t been down here in months. Most of the work on the new mobile reconditioning centers has been done at his desk, not face to face with the facilities on Finalizer itself. And now he’s walking down to auxiliary control before he can even think of where his shoulders are facing, of where his feet are taking him. Hux slams his hand into the controls for the door, feels the scabs on his palm split and crack. Then he’s stepping into the empty control room. He broke the rules. He broke them into tiny pieces and he spat in Ren’s face. That is not charm. He broke the rules again. He’s broken again. He pants, bent over the consoles that control the reconditioning chambers. Just a single push of a button and he could try to fix himself. Could try to make himself just as right and perfect as those troopers Ren lost. As those people who were wasted, just thrown away like trash. Ren is so much better than he is. Just a few switches toggled and he could try to fix that. He could try to make himself right, could try to wash away all the pain inside his chest. He could try to wipe away this feeling. Could try to make himself better. But it won’t work. He clenches his hands into fists, feels the blood painting his fingertips again. It won’t work, because it never does. It never has. He cannot be reconditioned into following the rules. He cannot be made to be right again. He cannot be taught not to care. Even if he steps inside one of the reconditioning chambers, even if he turns those switches, presses the button, he will still be broken. He can hear Ren’s voice laughing in his ears. They’re just troopers . Even reconditioning will not teach him to believe that. No. He needs to learn to follow the rules, not to try to give himself an easy way out. He should know that by now. Hux pushes himself off of the console. There are spots of blood where it has seeped out of his clenched fists to fall in droplets now peppering the table. He uses a corner of his sleeve to wipe them away. He can get the droids to wash it out later. They’re good at that. His shoulders still feel tight, his throat is still full of bile. He wipes his palms off against his tunic, looks at the smears of sticky red along his finger joints. He can follow the rules. He knows how to do that. *** He found out. I [word illegible] I was stupid. I forgot to wipe the logs the last time. I'm such a fucking [word illegible, flimsy almost torn through] He called me into his office and just laughed for a long time. And I just had to stand there and wonder what I'd done this time. And then he hit me. My lip's split, and I don't know how I'm going to hide it tomorrow. I don't even know if I should. It was my own stupidity, after all. “Armitage, you know what reconditioning is for, right? I know I have a weak fuckup of a son, but I didn't think you were stupid.” And I just nodded, like a trooper or something. “It's for loyalty conditioning. Not fucking fixing little twerps like you.” And he's right, of course he's right. He's always right. I should never have used it. I've tried so many fucking times, and it never works. Because I don't have a loyalty problem. It'll never work on me. I'm too fucking broken for that. I just... I just want it to do something. I want to stop feeling this way all the time. I want to be able to follow the rules. I want... I just want to be [word illegible]. Journal of Armitage Hux, 18 ABY *** It’s late by the time Hux finally makes his way back to his quarters. He’d rinsed off his hands in a fresher just outside of reconditioning auxiliary control, cuts burning from the heat of the water. And he’d made his way to the lounge, found himself a corner. He doesn’t remember anything he read on his datapad. Only the taste of whiskey and cigarettes on his lips, the harsh rasp of smoke through his teeth. The feel of another butt crushed against the ashtray. His veins are almost singing with it now. And that’s better, so much better than before. So much better than the aching, pulsing anger from his office, the desperation from the control room. He’s light as air, and he can follow the rules now. He sinks into the armchair near his desk and pulls of his boots. His heels still hurt from his shift this morning, and he focuses on that, the everyday pain of his bones aching. That, and the throb in his palms that never seems to leave. They mean that he’s been following the rules. Hux pulls out his datapad, taps it open. He has to prove it to Ren now. He’s not sure how to fix things with the knight. Is Ren somewhere, fuming over Hux’s disrespect? Hux crosses and uncrosses his legs. He doesn’t think so. Not with the mocking tone of Ren’s voice, not with how Ren seems to understand the rules better than Hux ever has. [To: Ren. 14.04.30, 0348] Kylo Ren, I owe you an apology for my earlier behavior. [From: Ren. 14.04.30, 0350] Do not trouble yourself, Colonel. It was most enlightening. [To: Ren. 14.04.30, 0355] It was conduct unbecoming of an officer of the First Order. I’d like to set it right, if I may. [From: Ren. 14.04.30, 0357] What do you have in mind? [To: Ren. 14.04.30, 0400] Let me have you to dinner. Privately. We can discuss things more rationally there. [From: Ren. 14.04.30, 0403] Charming, as you often are, Colonel. Very well. When do you suggest? [To: Ren. 14.04.30, 0405] The day after tomorrow? 2000 hours? [From: Ren. 14.04.30, 0408] I’ll await an explanation and an apology eagerly, then. Goodnight, Colonel. [To: Ren. 14.04.30, 0409] Goodnight, Ren. When Hux finally slides between his sheets, hands bandaged as well as he can manage in his slightly intoxicated state, he doesn’t dream. Not of reconditioning, not of the troopers he’s lost, not of the rules. He simply sleeps, blank, empty, like a vessel waiting to be filled. *** I finally got a place on a ship. It's been three months since I graduated, and I was starting to worry that I wasn't going to get placed. But it turns out that Admiral Constantine requested me specifically, and they had to wait to place me till the Allegiant was back in system. Father had a dinner in celebration of the placement. I got my new uniform because of it, thank goodness. I like the gloves, of course. They're quite soft, and they... It was good to be able to shake hands at the dinner and not worry about embarrassing myself. The insides of them are a little messy, already, but I think that'll get better. My hands are starting to heal, after all, since I'm wearing them all the time. Father actually said he was proud of me at the dinner. Journal of Armitage Hux, 18 ABY Notes: Thanks to thecopperriver and artyaourter for looking this over and making sure I actually made sense! Come hang with me on tumblr at saltandlimes Notes: +Self harm: Hux digs his fingernails into his palms hard enough to bleed when he feels like he's breaking his father's rules. +Past child abuse: Hux's diary entries include mentions of his father hitting him.