Rogues are red, lightsabers are blue Prompt from edenfalling: "It seemed like a good idea at the time." Wes Janson surveyed the scene and decided that he had been right all along: ancient holidays with origins lost to myth and time did make the best excuse for a party. The X-wings were bedecked with wilting chains of flimsy hearts, the astromechs whistled pleasant counterpoint to the raucous laughter, and across the room Hobbie had just been slapped for the fourth time that evening — and only the second time by the same woman. But Wes's real victory came when a frantic, disheveled Wedge whispered from his hiding spot beneath the untouched table of nonalcaholic beverages: "Why are all the women laughing at me, and why do the mechanics keep asking if I need my thrusters realigned?" Chapter 2 : Aggressive Negotiations Notes: Prompt from saoirse7: aggressive negotiations It was one of Mara's favorite tactics, if it could be called such - maybe it was more of a strategy, or a mindset. She and Luke shared many a chuckle (and, yes, occasional expasperated lecture, but she was slowly curing him of that) over Mara's fondness for aggressive negotiations. She had almost made up her mind to finally tell him the origins of the phrase when Luke turned the tables on her one evening in their quarters and the words took on a whole new meaning - one which could never, ever be uttered in the same breath as Kenobi, Vader or father. Chapter 3 : Half Baked Notes: Anonymous Prompt: Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Rey (/Finn optional), learning to cook "I didn't even know who made the food on base or where any of it came from," Finn was saying, pinwheeling his arms in futile defense against Rey and her cookbook and her wooden spoon. "For all I know, even the meat was cloned." "So? Everything I ate was reconstituted, and half of that was probably sand!" protested Rey, jabbing Finn with the spoon. "You should be the one to do it, not me — at least you know what fresh food is supposed to taste like." "I don't know," said Finn slowly, staring at the pile of feathers and clawed feet next to the campfire. "The fauna on this planet might not be safe for humans to eat. How sure are we that—" "Hrrraoownhgr!" Exasperated, Chewbacca snatched the spoon out of Rey's suddenly tentative grasp and left the cookbook in the dirt where it fell. Left to their own devices, the two humans would end up grazing like nerfs. Or as supper for one of the nastier fowl this side of the Outer Rim. If Han had been there, he would have howled in laughter at the sight of his old pal plucking feathers and stirring stew. And he would have dragged that ratty old apron out of the Falcon's maintenance bay, and Chewie would have threatened and grumbled and finally worn the blasted thing out of sheer sentimentality. Maybe he still would. After all, neither Rey nor Finn could possibly know enough Shyriiwook to translate "Kiss the cook." Chapter 4 : Old hat Notes: Prompt from hanorganaas: Star Wars, Han/Leia, their fights always end with an intense make-out session One thing Chewbacca had learned from Han over the years was that human beings craved routine; even the most unpredictable rogue, even the smuggler who didn't plan farther ahead than his next payload, his next payday — no matter how much Han protested, he secretly or even unconsciously gravitated towards certain patterns of behavior, repetition, a sense of order. All of which explains why, by the time the shouting ceased, Chewbacca had already deliberately immersed himself in another holochess match with Artoo. Because, as he well knew, it always ended the same way. Chapter 5 : Eye of the beholder Notes: Prompt from silvr_dagger: salvage Wedge missed the old days of the Rebellion when every nut, spanner and scrap of metal was put to use patching and mending shredded s-foils, blaster-scarred hulls and battered droids. Now, the cargo bays were neat, with polished floors, and nobody missed the extra junk. "And this one's Piggy," jabbered Wes Janson, pointing at another rusty, misshapen conglomeration of parts that vaguely resembled a sculpture of something bludgeoned to death by a Gamorrean, "... and this one's you, Wedge — see the resemblance?" Chapter 6 : There is another Notes: Prompt from xahra99: demons and dark sides From the moment Luke told her who she really was, the afterimage of Tatooine's binary suns burned in her dreams. Leia did not want that power; it terrified her, for all that Han (as subtle as a turbolaser) tried to reassure her with stray comments about lightsabers coming in handy or how the Force wasn't so mysterious compared to the Falcon 's hyperdrive unit. Still, every night she was torn in two — remembering black-clad hands that held her pinned while the only home she'd ever known was vaporized, and wondering when she woke: had Vader but known who she was, might he have thrown the Emperor down a bottomless shaft to save her from such pain? Chapter 7 : Trite and true Notes: Prompt from hanorganaas: Star Wars, Han/Leia, With you They resisted talking about it, because even the giddy fullness of the home they'd built with each other would never quite erase the empty ache of the homes they'd lost — and besides, they both hated clichés. So Leia quietly propped a small handpainted portrait of Alderaan's plains against the bulkhead next to Han's bunk; without comment, he added a holo of Corellia's curved horizon under the night sky. When the Falcon's sublight engines kicked in and the frames rattled against each other, Leia invariably tried to reposition them, just to hear Han tell her sleepily to let them be, that home wasn't going anywhere. Chapter 8 : The art of articulation Notes: Prompt from lizzie_marie_23: any, any, why do you insist you must hear the words when you know I cannot give you words? "All I'm saying is it would be nice to hear something other than ' I know' in something other than life-or-death circumstances!" her shout carried all the way from the cockpit, and Han couldn't help grinning, even elbow-deep in half-melted wires as he was. "Maybe we should talk about this later then, sweetheart," he bellowed back, "preferably when the shooting stops or the hyperdrive starts — or both!" "Might I offer my services as mediator?" asked C-3PO, adding "Well, I never!" as he was summarily shouted down from both ends of the ship. Chapter 9 : At first light Notes: Anonymous prompt: Any, any, What is born each night and dies each dawn? Hope. For a brief moment, Princess Leia of Alderaan let her hand rest on the cool dome of the droid (Artoo-Deetoo, she reminded herself; any droid that would volunteer for a dangerous mission deserved to have its designation remembered), giving and taking what comfort she could before the unassuming little astromech departed with the hard-won data she'd stored in it — all the more precious for the lives lost obtaining it. So many Rebel victories before had already paled in the cold light of dawn, when the true scope of their losses became apparent, jubilation turning to ash clogging her throat when she saw the galactic enormity of the task still facing them — or, conversely, on the smallest of scales, when a single life was snuffed out, a single face she'd known and called friend. But this time it was different: even as turbolaser blasts shook the deck, even as the clatter of stormtroopers drew near, a smile hovered on her lips, for the light of hope that burned this day would not be extinguished with the dawn; and so Leia drew her blaster, motioned the R2 unit out of sight, and steeled herself to provide the distraction the little droid would need to get away ... one last sacrifice in the waning hours of the night. Chapter 10 : Persistence Notes: Anonymous prompt: Any, any, remember when you tried to kill me twice "Pretty sure it was more than twice, farm boy." "You must have loved me all along; you're normally more efficient than that," teased Luke. "Watch it, Skywalker, the third time might be the charm," Mara retorted, smiling, "and now I have even more tools at my disposal for revenge — feel free to surrender any time." Chapter 11 : In memorium Notes: Prompt from erinm_4600: Star Wars, Kylo Ren, he will always choose his mother WARNING: Discusses the death of a parent In memory of Carrie Fisher. The news hit him like a blaster bolt to the gut (or a lightsaber blade, the traitorous voice in his mind whispered): he was an orphan. It was absurd, but he did not feel it in the Force (or maybe he did, but had simply forgotten how to feel ); nor did he learn the news from Snoke or the annoying General Hux or even the HoloNet, but from a passing stormtrooper of all people, a facess white helmet making a careless, callous comment to another helmet about "that Resistance woman," as if there was nothing more to her than strategy and war (but hadn't he accused her of exactly that, the last time they spoke?). There would be no final confrontation ( reconciliation ) with his mother, and he wanted to rage against the galaxy for taking that chance away from him... but for once the rage failed to rise like bile and burn like his red blade, and even the Force slipped from his grasp like a live thing, and the man who was once a boy named Ben Solo pressed his suddenly hot cheek against his grandfather's cold skull, knowing it was the last link he had to his mother... and when Kylo Ren blinked and blinked and could not summon tears, the boy Ben opened his eyes. Chapter 12 : The more things change Notes: Anonymous prompt: Star Wars (possible Rogue One spoilers?), Leia, Obi-Wan, Luke, she makes it to Tatooine and it's a game-changer... "For once, we're going to be ahead of the Empire," said Leia, leaning forward, her eyes bright, and Han could see them all falling under her spell — the kid (no surprise there), the old man, Chewie (the traitor), even the droids, blast it — but he wasn't as big a fool as she must think. "And even if it can be destroyed," he drawled, "how are you going to catch this Death Star, Your Worship? Walk up and knock?" She met his sardonic stare with a delicately arched eyebrow and a decidedly un-princess-like smirk. "I thought we'd bait a trap they can't resist; they'll chase us all the way to their own destruction." "Not this ship, sister!" Han scoffed. "I thought you said this ship was fast." She smiled at him sweetly. All the while, Luke was glancing between them, utterly failing to hide his grin, and Chewie was chuckling to himself at the dejarik table. The old man stared at nothing with a faint smile on his face. Reluctantly, Han met Leia's eyes and shook his head in resignation. He'd never even had a chance, had he? Not with mutinous Wookiees and meddlesome old fools running around the Falcon . "All right, you've got yourself a ship." She had the gall to smile at him — a real one, with no trace of smugness. "I know." "You're sure she's his sister?" Solo asked with a speculative gleam in his eye. Kenobi smiled to himself and glanced over at Leia, who had grasped Luke's windchapped hands in her own; oh yes, he was as certain of this as of the Force itself. Speaking of which... "Before we get to Yavin," he said, ignoring Solo's eyeroll and pointed mention of gas giants, "I have an exercise for both of you — that is, if you're ready for a little sibling rivalry?" Chapter 13 : His admonishing smile Notes: Prompt from silvr_dagger: Any, any, Twilight, midnight, and then dawn / A billion stars, then there was one (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Governor Tarkin stood at the viewport, hands tucked neatly behind his back, contemplating beauty. He had never paid much attention to the cold light of distant stars, except for their effect on hyperspace trajectories or as a matter of galactic strategy, nor did he contemplate them now; his gaze was fixed on a nearer Star, one with the obliterating power of a supernova, focused in a tight beam under his sole control — with the force of a star in his gloved hand, the Rebels, the Empire, the entire galaxy and history itself would bow before him, lest he tighten his grip. Tarkin turned away, smiling, and the Death Star's reflected light bounced off the mirror-polished floor, a galaxy underfoot. Notes: The title is from an essay by Ralph Waldo Emerson: "If the stars should appear one night in a thousand years, how would men believe and adore; and preserve for many generations the remembrance of the city of God which had been shown! But every night come out these envoys of beauty, and light the universe with their admonishing smile." Chapter 14 : Metaphors of irreverence and innocence Notes: Prompt from lizzie_marie_23: Star Wars, Leia, "drowned in moonlight, strangled by my own bra" (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) "How do you want to go?" asked Mara in a surprisingly wistful voice that, come to think about it, was a bit worrisome; it was not well known, but the ex-Emperor's ex-Hand was a melancholy drunk. "I don't," said Leia honestly and held up a hand to forestall the other woman's snort of derision, "not for my sake, or even Han's, but for my children — they're so young, still." Apparently Mara wasn't in the mood for honesty, or perhaps she shied away from the subject out of her own pain and longing; in any case, she waved Leia's heartfelt answer away, scoffing, "Let me guess, you want the standard blaze of glory, heroically sacrificing yourself like a mother vornskyr defending her young—" "Actually," interrupted Leia, appropriating the bottle of Whyren's Reserve because her turn was long overdue, "I'd prefer to die in my sleep, but failing that I don't think drowning would be all bad — it sounds peaceful," and she was surprised to hear her own voice turn wistful as she thought of Alderaan's warm oceans and the susurration of the waves under starlit skies. Unexpectedly, Han brought up the same subject the next morning over breakfast; Leia's head was pounding, and all she could think of was how much she didn't want to attend the looming Council meeting. Han was clearly of the same mind (albeit without the hangover, at least this time), grumbling "I'd rather have my brain sucked out my ear by power-hungry mynocks than listen to that bunch of datapad pushers argue." Leia opened her mouth to tease him about not having enough power to feed a food processor, let alone a mynock, but instead she found herself earnestly declaring "and I'd rather be strangled by my own bra than listen to Fey'lya again," and for a moment she feared that Han would choke, he was laughing so hard. "What's it like to die?" Jaina asked in a small voice, and Leia stared down at her daughter in shock. "That's nothing you have to worry about for a long, long time, sweetie!" she protested, but Jaina's solemn face, so out of place in one so young, made her pause. "Do you remember our trip on the sailboat?" Leia asked, stroking Jaina's hair, "well, it's like waking up between one wave and the next, so you don't know whether the boat is rising or falling, only that you're moving, like touching the Force when you don't quite mean to... it sounds hard, but when the moment comes, I imagine it's no harder than closing your eyes and opening them again." Notes: Carrie Fisher once had a surreal conversation with George Lucas, in which he explained that there's no underwear in space because bodies expand and bras don't… which led to this fabulous quote, both poetic and rather pointed: "No matter how I go, I want it reported that I drowned in moonlight, strangled by my own bra." - Carrie Fisher Read more: http://www.vanityfair.com/hollywood/2016/12/carrie-fisher-dies-strangled-by-bra-wishful-drinking Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 14 of the Syrena's 3-sentence fics series