IF YOU LIKE PI Ñ A COLADAS— AND GETTING CAUGHT IN THE RAIN— Elena woke with such a start that her cat bolted, but she managed to get her hands on her phone before the stanza was over. She managed to glance at the time—2:03AM precisely—before realizing that the number was unfamiliar. Well, at the very least, she could verbally abuse a telemarketer for calling her at two in the morning—otherwise someone was dead. Not completely relishing the thought of relatives and lots of them and I can't afford the plane ticket but remembering that Southern funerals meant lots of food, particularly deviled eggs and alcohol cleverly disguised as cake, she swiped her finger across the screen and issued a groggy “Hello?” “Elena?” “Who is this?” “You answered! Oh, thank God. Kammie dropped a Time Turner on the Finalizer and it's all gone to shit and—” “Shut up and go back to the part about Time Turners and the Finalizer? ” she snapped, through somewhat gritted teeth. She wasn't awake, really, but Time Turners didn't exist in the same reality that the Finalizer did. So that was impossible, unless they were talking about some bizarre session of tabletop D&D, in which case she somehow managed to care even less than she already did. But she finally recognized the voice. Connor, another graduate student but in a completely different program, and a friend of a friend— how the fuck did he get her number —“Strike that, rewind—shut up, it's two in the morning—” “No, I'm serious—really. Kammie was Immersed, and I was letting her see different worlds. She had a Time Turner on her when she switched from the Harry Potter world to The Force Awakens. She ran into trouble and I switched her back to Diagon Alley, and that was when she realized that she had dropped the Time Turner. And...that's not all...” Elena didn't say anything for several seconds. If that wasn't the dumbest thing she had ever heard... Details came back to her, slowly. It was two in the morning, she hadn't had coffee, and she hadn't had the requisite three hours of her-time before she considered herself human enough to not kill the unwary. Connor's studies were in virtual reality and programming, and a lot of existential computery sciency junk that went way over her head. He was working with a professor on deep VR immersion, the kind of deep immersion that was only supposed to exist in movies like The Matrix or .Hack//Sign, or Sword Art Internet, or whatever that show was that the kids were watching these days. “Why the fuck do you care,” she muttered. “It's not real.” She rubbed at her eye sleepily, promising herself that she would castrate Connor the next chance she got. Just...jump him in the dark and WHAM, melon baller to the testicles! There was a painfully pregnant silence. “It's not real, dumbass. Just unplug her.” “See...um...” Another protracted silence. “Would you come to the lab?” She didn't hesitate. “Fuck, no!” “But Kammie is comatose...” “What?” she exclaimed, and sat up like a jack in the box. She reached over and turned on her bedside lamp, and crammed her glasses onto her face. Her cat, meanwhile, jumped back up on the bed and shot her a severely disapproving look. He was a big ginger tabby who managed to make a face remarkably like that of his namesake, General Hux, at that very moment. Elena ignored him. “Call 911!” “But...” “But nothing, if she's comatose she needs to be in a hospital ASAP. I'll call 911 for you—” She whipped her blankets off and ignored the sudden freezing chill. “I can't disconnect her from the headset!” “What do you mean you can't disconnect her from the headset!” “The system works by manipulating brainwaves to make the person experience anything from smells to pain, producing stage five closed eye visual hallucinations—and the rest is just details but a lot of math, but it keys directly into her cerebral cortex so unplugging her might fry her brain...but it...look, would you just please come in to the lab and don't call 911?” “If you don't call 911 and get an ambulance there right fucking now to unfuck this, I'm definitely going to come up there, alright. I'm going to come up there and beat your ass.” She was already moving out in the little hall, to her closet. “She's not in the kind of coma that's going to kill her right now.” “Oh, that's great—it'll just kill her in a little while. Brilliant.” She pulled a red dress off the hangar and switched the phone to speaker mode so she could keep talking. “Her breathing is fine, so are her vital signs—she's just stuck in the induced hypnagogic state. And I've got Juan here, he used to be an EMT. He can run a fluid IV and—” “Why are we having this conversation? Why are you not just calling an ambulance?” Connor faltered. “Because...um, because we weren't supposed to be here...” “Well, you fucked up. Suck it up and face the consequences.” She tucked her short, wild-with-sleep hair (it made her look like a towheaded hobo) into an oversized beanie, and decided that as filthy as her face felt, Kammie was way more important—more important than eyeliner, even. Hux parked his orange behind a little ways off and watched her, pencil tail flicking judgily. “We're not going to be able to continue research after this,” Connor begged, desperate. “We can't let the authorities get this technology. The...the potential for abuse is just insane.” “What are you talking about,” Elena grumbled, wishing she had even an iota of inclination to organize the floor of her closet. She found one shoe...where was the other one? All a bunch of right-footed shoes... Aha . Triumphant, she straightened up and slipped both shoes on. Did she have any oil-slick pads? It would be nice to not feel like she had dunked her face in oils, even if she would have to do it while driving. “I'm saying Donald Trump with nukes is scary, but Donald Trump with a Death Star is like...wow, okay, no. I mean, I don't think I'd have trusted any President with it because...you know, you never know, the Illuminati and all, but...” “I'm pretty sure even he can't get a Death Star. It wouldn't be gray, anyway. It'd be fucking gold. Like his toilet. He'd call it the Trump Star.” “Elena,” Connor pleaded, miserable and reluctant, “We...It's not just virtual reality.” “And your litmus for that determination iiis ...” “Please just come. Look, if it really looks like Kammie is going to start losing the ability to breathe or her heart stops, we'll pull the plug and call an ambulance, but please. Please just come.” Elena swept through her kitchen and plucked her long coat off the back of the dining table chair, plus her scarf. Northern states were bitterly cold in the winter months, but it was Saturday—no, the wee hours of Sunday morning—and no one would be on the roads. Plus she could park at the lab building, not all the way at the commuter's parking lot and be forced to walk. “Fine,” she spat into her phone, not in the least happy with this situation. “I'll be there in thirty minutes, max. It'll probably be less.” The relief in Connor's voice was thick enough to cut with a butter knife. “Thank you. Okay. We'll wait for you. Call me when you get here, I'll let you in. The doors are shut on the weekends except for students in my program and you need an ID to get in.” “Same for the law building,” she muttered. “Alright. But you better make sure to keep an eye on her.” “I will. Bye,” he said. “Yeah, sure, bye,” she replied, distracted. Where were her keys? She stuck her phone in her pocket and tossed things around on her kitchen counter until she had located her keys, buried underneath another book she had bought but couldn't actually afford. She found them, grabbed her purse, and tossed a goodbye at Hux as she left. Hux just swished his tail, blue eyes gleaming. Notes: I literally got this idea and wrote this up in about thirty minutes while I'm supposed to be making myself useful and doing presentations and shit. I am not being useful and doing presentations and shit. Whatever I do what I want. I doubt there will be much romance in this story, and at the moment, it's still spiraling out, but it does involve some jacked up time travel and existential crises. Yaaaaay.