From the moment he set foot inside, Hux could feel everyone’s eyes on him. He was nervous. No, he wasn’t. (Yes, he was). It was his first time visiting a sex shop but he tried to appear knowledgeable. First, Hux assured himself that no one was actually looking at him. He wasn’t interesting, he was just another customer, he was inconspicuous, he was… being closely observed by the (hot) guy at the register. Hux looked away and walked decidedly towards a display of very realistic dildos, telling himself that the cashier was just doing his job. He glanced back at the guy only to find himself still being watched. Hux pursed his lips, seemingly very concentrated on an 11-inch dildo. “Excellent choice.” A tall blonde approached Hux, smiling. “Anything special you’re looking for? I can help you find it.” “N-No.” Hux shook his head and scurried away, almost upsetting a table of flavored lubes in his haste. And running right into him. Kylo, according to his name tag. “Big date tonight, huh?” “No!” Hux yelled. A couple of customers stared at him. “Sorry, no. I just…” “Want some fun?” Hux blushed to the roots of his ginger hair. He managed a weak nod and followed Kylo like a puppy around the shop, barely listening to his ―very detailed― explanation of the pros and cons of several toys, wondering if Kylo’s intense stare meant he was imagining using the toys on him or if he was just great at his job. When the tour of the shop was over, Hux ended up choosing Kylo’s suggestions: a vibrating cock ring, anal beads and lube (flavored and normal) and promised to consider getting a sexy costume and maybe a dildo next time. It hadn’t been so scary, it had been almost fun. Hux was feeling more or less calm and relaxed by the time he was paying. “And hey, if you need any help at all with your new toys. Call me.” Kylo said and dropped a card with his number scribbled on it into Hux’s bag. Hux’s heart jumped to his throat. He mumbled something and left the shop as if the place were on fire. The blonde, Phasma, had joined Kylo and they both looked at Hux through the window, cackling. “He’ll be back. I guarantee it." Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Kylux Prompts series