I've Got You Princess Pulling your knees into your chest you clung tight to yourself, trying to suffocate your cries. Your brother had finally snapped you had noticed the change in him over the past weeks. His smile slowly faded. the silly jokes you shared, he started to take things personally, snapping at you, your parent’s. everyone, especially Uncle Luke. Sitting at the dinner table with your mother and father you made a smart comment about it being Ben’s time of the month and he snapped, threw his plate across the room. Your dad was always hard on him; you had never seen your dad so furious calling him a disgrace. Screaming about Ben’s outburst, attacking members of the court and his own sister Then Ben did it he broke the promise, the pinkie promise he had kept for 2 years “You think she’s so perfect,” he said pointing at you with his fork, “she’s been whoring around with Dameron for years” The table fell silent your mother and father both looked at you, shock, disappointment in their eyes you couldn’t tell “Just because you hate yourself doesn’t mean you have to ruin other people lives You screamed matching your brothers tone and volume. Ben stormed out and that was the night it all happened, He attacked Your uncle killing your Jedi class mates and fleeing to join the first order. You blamed yourself you set him off, had you shut your mouth. Not made that stupid comment your dad and brother never would have fought; Ben wouldn’t have killed all those people and joined the first order. On the cold floor of the loading bay you unraveled, the bruises on your body forming from where your brother griped you kicked you, made you watch as he killed people. He tried to turn you to the dark side, tried to make you like your grandfather. You attacked him, shoved him He threw you on the ground and warned you of he ever saw you again you would be dead. So, there you were laying there in the fetes position completely unraveling in the chaos your brother had left Your mother set out to find found you, panicking as she ran through the halls trying to find you. Scared Ben had taken you with him, killed you. Or worse you were now embracing the dark side. She softly whispered your name as she approached you, she couldn’t tell what your mental state was from the distance “Mom” You choked out eyes puffy and red. She ran forward wrapping you in her arms. Shushing you. “I’m sorry, it’s my fault” You sobbed “It’s not, the darkness in the force has corrupted your brother, the same way it did to your grandfather, this is not your fault” She stroked your hair “I set him off, I made Ben and dad fight” You pulled away tears falling from your eyes Your mother just smiled and wiped your hair damp from the tears away from your eyes Poe ran into the loading bay, his jaw clenched and fear in his eyes, when he saw the wreck you were in. he wanted to pick you up. Wrap you in his embrace and never let you go. But your relationship was a secret. You were the princess and the daughter of the great General Organa Leia saw the distress in Poe’s face “Sorry general, I wanted to make sure you and the princess were okay” He looked down at the ground “Dameron, make sure my daughter gets to her room safely, stay with her if need be, just make sure she is okay .” You mother kissed the top of your head “I married a smuggler, how could you think I wouldn’t approve” She winked at you, before signalling to Poe. He crept forward taking you off her. Leia left the bay, you clung to Poe crying into his shoulder, He just held you. He tied to help you stand but your knees bucked from Ben’s attacks. Poe caught you and picked you up bridal style “I’ve got you princess” He whispered. He carried you through the halls, people were running in panic, wounded littered the halls from your brother’s meltdown. You clung to your pilot tight, your ear to his chest, his heart beat lulling you off to sleep. The next few weeks were hell. Your uncle Luke had left, taken off without a word or a goodbye. Your father and mother stopped talking, not even their usual bickering they just grunted and walked paste each other. Chewy and your father came to you, your dad needed to “Get some space” and leave, he kissed you goodbye while chewy gave you one of his bear hugs After that the entire base was in war mode your mother buried herself in her work. Whispers spread through the base of the monster your brother was. And that you were a ticking time bomb they were all waiting to go off. People would watch you, waiting, looking for any hint of the darkness waking inside you. Despite all the bad you had two lights, your droids and Poe. Poe slowly moved into your room. Never letting you sleep alone, he comforted you and your relationship fluoresced under the dark cloud your brother had left. === 1 YEAR LATER Your brother had now changed his name to Kylo Ren, he paraded around in all black with a mask to hide his face. He had risen in the ranks and was now one the leading men in the first order. Tales spread of his wrath and anger towards anyone helping or sympathizing with the resistance. Your mother had entrusted you, Poe and BB-8 to hunting leads and tracking your uncle. After countless dead ends the weight of how fast and different your life had become was taking a toll “ I don’t know if I can handle another failure Poe” You said as he started seating himself into the pilot seat. “Come on princess you know what they say, 47 th times the charm” He smiled, he was sitting in front of you. His back to you so he couldn’t see how serious you were. BB, beeped telling Poe he was being insensitive as he turned a worried look across his face “Hey ” Poe took your hand in his kissing it quickly, a small smile spread across your lips at the contact “ Jakku, this will be the one. I know it” You cupped his cheek with your spare hand “And if it’s not? ” you dropped your hand “Then we keep looking ” Poe gently placed a hand under your chin, forcing you to look at him. “We will find your uncle” He leaned forward pulling you into a soft kiss, assuring you he would do everything to help you find your uncle. “Jakku it is” you forced a smile patting his shoulder. === Landing in the small remote village of Tuanui, you took in the endless desert and sand dunes, your family had ties to this plant, and you hated it. So, hot, sandy and full of scavengers. “Who are we looking for again ?” You asked as Poe grabbed your hips helping you out of the X-wing “Lor San Tekka” Poe said getting the pronunciation wrong as he read his name of the large list the two of you had collected on this mission “That is I ” A tall old man said behind the two of you startling you and the pilot “ And you best come inside” He smiled and gestured to a hut in the distance “After you princess “Poe smiled, you riffled his hair as you follow the old man to his hut. BB8, rolled in and rested next to you, the droid was more like a child to you and Poe than anything else. Lor San began speaking talking about how he came by a map, a map that would lead to Luke. You started to get a nagging feeling in your gut, something felt off. Looking out through the door of the hut, you felt hot, needed air. Without thinking you shot up from the seat, startling Poe and the old man. Poe took your hand “I’m…just… be back okay” You said slipping out his grasp. BB8. Followed you staying close to your heels, you felt drawn to the distance. You followed this feeling. Until you were standing on a small hill just outside the circle of huts you searched the sky’s when a flash of lights caught your eye. A sick feeling crept into the bottom of your stomach, your heart swelled up 10 sizes not in a good way. “BB8, warn Poe, the first order is here” You yelled, instantly BB8, took off back to the old man’s hut. You were glued to this spot, a dreadful feeling crept over you. This wasn’t just some first order scout. Your brother was on that ship, you knew it. Bells and frantic yelled erupted from the village, but still you couldn’t move the memories of what your brother did, the people he killed. Your once sweet older brother, was gone and a monster was approaching. A monster that threatened if he ever saw you again would kill you. Poe spotted you and ran pulling at your arm trying to get you to move “Y/N, we have to go come on” He yelled yanking you, snapping you out of your trance. Your ran with him, hand in his “Poe its him, its Ben” You yelled “I know baby that’s why I have to get you out of here” he yelled back over his shoulder Running past all the villages you knew not all of them would survive they didn’t stand a chance against your brother and his storm troopers, “Come on BB8” Poe yelled at the droid as you approached the X-wing He practically threw you into the passenger seat, he was getting frantic. Unlike you, Poe had seen this new and improved ‘Kylo Ren” in action a few months ago and didn’t want him getting his hands on you. He threw the helmet at you a little too hard into your chest “Ow” You yelled at him, he gave you and apologetic smile as he started flicking switched preparing for take-off. You glanced behind you, storm troopers were running towards you “ Poe they're coming ” You yelled at your already frantic man trying as fast as he could to get the dam thing started. A few shots hit the left engine “Shit” Poe yelled punching the dash “ Poe use the guns ” You yelled at him Instantly Poe released the guns taking out a few of the approaching troopers “I’m going to see if I can fix it” Poe yelled over his shoulder as he jumped out of the Pilot seat. You ripped off your safety belt, grabbing his blaster you followed him. The sight of the village made your blood run cold, villagers were being shot left right and center, they were being pulled from their homes, children screaming and running for their lives Poe unhooked BB8, pulled the map from a small leather pouch and crouched down next to the droid “You take this, it is safer with you than it is with me, you get as far away from here as you can. You hear me. I’ll come back for you.” Poe stood up and took the blaster from you “For both of you” He went to aid the villagers but you grabbed his arm “I’m not leaving you” You yelled over the commotion “You have to, he will kill you Y/N. your more important than me, you both need to get away” He kissed you, a hand finding your waist pulling you into him “I… can’t” You tried to say but Poe silenced you with another kiss “I will find you, I always do ” He tucked a loose strand of hair behind your ear before running off into the chaos You lingered watching him, scared this would be the last time you would see your boyfriend BB8, beeped at you and nudged into you, letting you know we had to go. “Come on bb” You said tearing your eyes away from the burning village. You didn’t get far when something hit your side, you fell to the sand crying out in pain. BB8, beeped helplessly, “ BB, run. Go “ You screamed at the droid, a storm trooper approached you “BB go ” You screamed. The droid finally listened and took off in the darkness “Kylo Ren will be pleased to see you” He said puling you to your feet, the pain spread and you yelped in paid, the storm trooper didn’t care he would have dragged you by your hair if you fell. As you approached the center of the village, Lor San Tekka’s lifeless body laid at the feet of a man dressed in back from head to toe, you knew it was your brother. “ This is how I die ” You whispered The storm trooper threw you at Kylo Ren’s feet, you pushed a hand to your bloodied side, trying to slow the bleeding “ Hello sister” Kylo said bending down. He grabbed your hair and pulled your head back “ Where’s your pilot” A loud scream came from the distance “NOOOO ” Poe yelled as he shot his blaster at Kylo Your brother Instantly dropped you using the force he froze the blast and Poe. You could see Poe fighting the force, trying to get loose so he could shoot Kylo before he hurt you. Troopers ran and grabbed Poe pulling him to face Kylo, they kicked the back of his knees and he was sitting on the ground next to you. You were laying on your side a hand pressed tightly to your wound, your skin was losing its colour and your eyes were starting to roll behind your eye lids. Poe reached for you but Kylo stopped him with a kick to the face. “I wouldn’t” He threatened as the Troopers straightened Poe up, blood gushing from his nose Kylo crouched down so he was level with Poe, tiling his head to the side he studied the pilot “So, who talks first I talk first” Poe said. He always had to make a joke, you thought trying to hold on to conciseness “The old man gave it to you” Kylo said in a calming tone Poe looked at you quickly winking before answering “ It’s just very hard to understand you with all that” He was trying to agitate Kylo make him mad at Poe so his anger would be directed at him not you. “Search him” Kylo ordered, the troopers searched Poe. Kylo turned to you. You were barely holding on, your blood staining the sand “Now sweet sister, what shall I do with you” “Don’t you touch her” Poe snapped casing the trooper next to him to slap Poe across the face “Ben, please” You said, barely audible as of how weak you were. Kylo glanced between the two lovers “ Put them both on board ” He ordered. Two storm troopers tried to pull you to your feet, but you lost conciseness before they could. Notes: Im currently on holiday so won't be able to post a new chapter for a few weeks. But they are coming