Prologue Diary entry Nr: 98 Year: 2019 They still won’t give me the funds that I need for the project. Still call me insane as if what I’m doing is impossible, but if we can clone sheep and build machines that can walk and talk, not to mention preform simple tasks such as juggling balls, dish washing and lifting things, then how can something like this be so insane? I refuse to give in to their glares and sneers. I know that I can make this happen, I just know it! I have begun to draw the facial features and I can envision him standing before me. I have come to realize that I no longer am doing this for the scientific breakthrough or whatever prize they might give me. I am, in all honesty, doing this for myself. It’s a dark world out there and all around me I see lonely people. I see… myself. I can the see same sadness in their e yes. Can see their longing, their craving and the need for someone. I know I can build it! I know I can build him! Hux leaned back against the chair and reached for the glass of whiskey. He had long forgotten how many he had already consumed and frankly he didn’t give a shit. Sleep was probably a good idea, but his mind couldn’t find a moment to relax and he was just too… angry! No, perhaps frustrated was a more correct word. Frustrated over how no one seemed to want to believe in his skills and abilities. Frustrated that he had spent three years of failing and that even his father now began to see Hux as some kind of a lost cause. Running a hand across his chin, Hux grew aware of how long it had been since he had last shaved. The course stubble irritating the palm of his hand and once again, reminded him of the need of both rest and a good hot bath. Maybe later, he told himself. Later. Of course a decent night’s sleep and an hour in the bathtub wouldn’t change anything, but it felt like every moment spend idling was a waste of time. That of course included writing in his diary, but that was a must. Documentation was vital, it was the very key to understanding what he had done wrong in the past and how to fix it. Hux’s green eyes began to scan the room, his office desk littered with piles of paperwork, books, sketches and small notes. On the wall hung even more sketches of body parts, calculations, diagrams and possibly statistics that no one but Hux himself could understand. He liked to keep it that way, in case some lunatic decided to actually try to steal his work or copy it. A ludicrous idea now that he thought about it; who would want to steal a madman’s fixation on creating the perfect man? Frankenstein may have managed, but everyone knew how that story ended. He had even found a name for his creation. A name he made up by himself… Or rather, he dreamt of the name and took it as a sign, not that Hux was a man of faith. No, no, he believed in science and what possibilities lay within. God and invisible forces were pure superstition and had no place in this mess of a house and workshop. Hux couldn’t even remember the last time he visited the church after his mother was buried. She on the other hand had been a believer and often told Hux that God had a plan for him and his obsession with science. Well, if God truly had a plan then why didn’t work? Why was God making Hux fail so often? He emptied the glass and for a moment considering pouring himself the last of the whiskey, but decided against it. A tipsy mind wasn’t going to make things easier and it was only a little passed four in the afternoon. “Dinner wouldn’t be too much of a terrible idea, huh?” Hux said out loud, looking at the facial drawing he had completed. It had taken him three years, but sure enough, Hux had started talking to himself. He realized that this could only mean one of two things: he was far lonelier than he cared to admit or he had gone insane far quicker than he had anticipated. Working alone for months and years at a time did strange things to the mind. But perhaps he wasn't as mad as he feared. After all, no mad man would consider himself mad. To a lunatic, everything was perfectly normal. Hux stood up and stretched. The motion made him acutely aware of how much his back ached and then something popped in his shoulder, making him groan. Food first, he decided, and then he could do more work on the facial design. If he could get the face done before the end of the week it would be some kind of progress. And right now he desperately needed progress, if not for his own sanity and morale; so far most of his work had blown up in his face. Not literal, but he had been suffering too many drawbacks and been forced to start over. Walking into the ridiculously small room that passed for a kitchen, Hux grew bitterly aware that he hadn’t been shopping for food for quite a while and whatever leftovers he might have had sitting in the fridge resembled something akin to Darwinism in action. With a disgusted grimace, he shut the fridge door close and rummaged through the cabinets until he found some half-dry bread. This wasn’t much for dinner and certainly not enough to give him the needed energy. Disgruntled, Hux put on his overcoat and snatched the umbrella from the hatshelf and headed outside in the spring rain. He must have forgotten what time it was since the dusk caught him by surprise and he hoped that something was at least open at this hour. The people he passed didn't spare him a glance, all of them too busy with their own worries. Maybe that lady under the streetlight had some trouble with her love life since she was practically crying against her friend’s shoulder and she didn’t appear to be more than in her early twenties. What other troubles could such a young person have anyway? Hux shook his head, focusing on what was more vital; getting food that lasted for a week so that he didn’t need to leave the house unless absolutely necessary. The thoughts involuntarily wandered to the people around him. He could see the loneliness in some eyes, the silent desperation for someone to share their life with. The need to be able to walk into a warm house only to be embraced by someone they called their loved one. The strange need to reproduce and gain a large family. The latter he couldn’t quite understand, then again… He wouldn’t be able to reproduce, not because that he was sterile or impotent. Hux was plain and simply just gay. Any family he might have been wanting in the future would then come through adoption. Or perhaps even better; a cat. Few decades ago people like him would be jailed or put on medication for being so abnormal. Now people were preaching about the openness and letting every man and woman love whomever they chose. It was a noble thought, but Hux doubted it would have much of an effect in his lifetime, even if progress had certainly been made. ”That be all?” The cashier asked with an indifferent tone of voice that snapped Hux back to reality. The young man waiting for Hux to hand over the cash looked like he rather wanted to be anywhere else than here. Hux couldn’t blame him. ”Yes,” Hux nodded and paid for the groceries as fast as he could. This was time wasted. Time he could have spent on working on his creation and instead he now had to wait for the old lady to move so he could get packing. It took every fibre in his body to not snap at her slowness. The rain had ceased when Hux walked back home but the grey skies threatened with another massive storm. It wasn’t unusual for it to rain and thunder so much during the early spring, but when you were forced out among other people it became troublesome. Hux made a note to try and implement that tomorrow into the chip; the seasons. The hardest part wasn’t really designing the creation, it was to code in whatever was the most vital of information. Anyone could make a thing walk around and do simple tasks. It just took a bit of creativity and engineering. But to make something human, make something that would be able to feel pain, happiness, grief, pleasure. Hell, even anger! Now that took a hell of a lot more. Hux knew he wasn’t the first person to toy with such a thought, but as it turned out; he was the first to actually be serious about making it become reality and that seemed to scare people. What if it went wrong? What if it became destructive? What if someone got killed? All the same questions, over and over. Hux had been forced to answer them so many times he lost count. A constant stream of “what if”’s. The god damn galaxy was full of what if’s. What if the sun suddenly stopped to shine and the planet was laid in darkness? Now that was a more vital question. Hux knew he couldn’t blame the board for actually asking all of those questions, but after having repeated the same answers over and over again, he began to sound like a parrot. Maybe he should play in a recording where he answers all of those questions and just hand out the tapes the next time they ask if his creation could go on a murderous rampage. Hux wasn’t creating a machine of destruction. He was creating a person. A someone. He was making himself someone he hoped would love him and if that made him into a madman, then so be it. Besides, who ever said that what he was intending on making was made out of metal and wires? What kind of person would want to hug and hold something that wasn’t only hard, but also dead cold to the touch? No, that was not what Hux's intention was at all. He wanted to be able to feel the embrace of warm arms around his waistline from behind, he wanted to experience soft lips on the cheek in the mornings while the coffee was brewing. He wanted to be able to trace his fingers over the curves of a living person while waking his lover up in the early hours. Granted, that the human body and mind at some degree worked as a machine, sending electronic signals through the neurons of the brain as a computer would send out byte code through its circuits. Granted that humans would guide had a storage capacity in the head for only limited amount of information. Much like a computer. But it was not a machine that Hux was creating. He was just taking advantage of what science had bestowed upon them. And then there was one final thing that separated Hux’s creation from machines. Hux needed a human body. Chapter 2 : It's Alive! Diary entry Nr: 276 Year: 2020 I have done it! My hands can’t stop shaking with anticipation. I have really and truly done it! The progress is immense and so far the body shows no sign of rejecting the synthetic skin grafts, nor the organs. The blood still needs to be heated to the right temperature before I can start the transfusion and I faced some issues with the ensuring that the heart will be able to start, but have managed to bypass the problem with my own version of a pacemaker. I can’t say for sure how my adjustments with the brain will affect him, but I’m confident that the implanted microchip and its functions will aid to his understanding of the world. There are of course things I will need to teach him, but if my calculations are correct -of which I’m confident - he should already know the basics of math, speech, reading and writing. I haven’t told anyone about my progress, how can I when they all say that I’m mad? I’m not mad! I know I can do it! I haven’t spent all my years and so much fundings on a fool’s errand! I’m attempting to awaken him tomorrow. Right now I need to refocus and go over the steps again. Double check to see that everything is indeed in order. Kylo Ren. You are going to be absolutely perfect. Hux pushed the book and pen away and spun around on the chair to look at the body that lay on the medical table. Or rather, he was staring at the sheet that covered the body. After he had managed to obtain the body everything seemed to just have worked in his favour. The regenerative cells ensured that all stitchings healed quickly, even if the flesh itself was still cold. It had been an ugly and messy job and if it wasn’t for his intense study of human anatomy, he would never have been able to get the organs in place. And then there was the face. His face, the one he had designed. At first the body had rejected the artificial flesh but after enriching it with the same antibodies as the host body there had been no more issues. No more failures. Hux was certain that all of his failures were in the past, something that his diary was a testament for. His knees threatened to give out when Hux rose to his feet and he gripped the edge of the chair to keep himself upright. He couldn’t tell if his blood sugar had just taken one hell of a nosedive or if the adrenaline put his body in total chaos. It was tempting to try and wake him now, but Hux needed to conduct a final series of tests and besides, the blood wasn’t warm enough yet. It had to be a slow procedure, least he accidentally cook the cells and destroy them, and if Hux had learned anything the past years: it was to be patient. The body that was going to become Kylo Ren used to be a man called Ben Solo. It was the mother that Hux had spoken with, explaining his scientific research -but was wise enough to keep some of the details out- and asked if Leia was willing to donate his son in the name of science. All it took was some well placed words, charming and polite smiles with the help of money. It was so easy to make people do what you wanted them to if money was involved. Leia had spoken fondly about her newly deceased son, about what a great man he had been, how kind and gentle he was. None of that mattered really for Hux, the personality that had been Ben Solo had ceased to exist when the young man had died, all Hux had been after was the right body type: the broadness of his back, the muscles, the height. And Ben had the right colour hair: black. Ben Solo had been shot in a robbery gone wrong, the bullet ripping one of his lungs apart. But that was an organ that Hux had managed to replace. Well, he had replaced all of the organs. The black market could be such a wonderful place if you knew what you were looking for. The trouble had been with getting organs that matched the originals to avoid rejection. As for the blood. Oh, blood had been so easy to get a hold of it was almost laughable! Put up a sign and ask people to donate blood for the greater cause and there was a long line. People liked to feel self important, liked to brag about their charitable donations and good deeds, just give them a sticker to show off. O+ had been Ben Solo’s blood type, and how fortunate for Hux that it was the most common bloodtype of them all. Hux set the diagnostic test to run, the machines beeping loudly in the otherwise deathly silent basement room, before he ventured upstairs to soak himself in a hot bath. He had time he could waste now, there was nothing more to do and he knew the tests would show up positive. Why would fate suddenly work against him when he was as good as done? Turning on the water and letting it fill the tub, the ginger began to undress. Pale after having spent most of the summer hiding inside his house, but then again, his pale skin didn’t allow for a tan anyway and too much time in the sun just made him as red as a lobster. Not quite the look he was going for. The phone rang from the kitchen, but Hux elected to ignore it. Whomever was calling could call back in a few hours if it was so important. Reaching for the shaving gel, Hux began to clean up his stubble. He needed to look his absolutely best for tomorrow. It never crossed his mind that Kylo Ren wouldn’t wake up or that restarting the body could have a negative impact on the brain. That it might make something go horribly awry that was the sort of fearful thinking that doubters employed. Those that feared that Hux’s creation was going to become some murderer. Stupidity! This wasn’t a machine, this was a human. Well, mostly human anyway. Whatever mechanical adjustments that had been required weren't going to make his perfect man dangerous at all. A tingle went through Hux when he thought of Kylo Ren and he had to put the razor down for a moment to steady the hand. After tomorrow he was never going to be alone again. After tomorrow he will have proven that humanity was capable of playing gods and create beings in their own images. After tomorrow Hux knew he no longer could be seen as a madman or a lunatic. Victor Frankenstein may have been a pioneer when he created his so called monster, albeit was just pure fiction, it still showed that curiosity and possibility that science held. The only problem was that Dr. Frankenstein lived during an era where they didn’t even have electricity or the possibilities to modify science as they did now. Once he was clean shaven, Hux let himself slide down in the tub with a soft groan. Weeks of muscle tension and hard labour almost instantly washed away when the hot water embraced his naked body. He leaned his head back and closed his eyes, concentrating on his breathing. He began to recall his childhood friend Phasma’s reaction to the idea when he first presented it to her four years ago now. She had laughed in disbelief and asked if it wouldn't be easier, cheaper and more legal to just visit the nearest pub and flirt? Yes, that had been cheaper and easier. More legal? Technically there was no law against what Hux was doing. The body had been willingly donated just like the blood. The organs were a side note. But then again the, the owners were already dead and not likely to raise any complaints with the board. But the idea itself of talking to complete strangers in a crowded noisy pub wasn’t alluring. He had tried, God knew he had tried, but he had always been met with disappointment and boredom. He was convinced that the very lowest of intelligence met at the pubs in hope for some fleeting romance. It wasn’t what Hux was after. He wanted intelligence to match with a perfect body and face. He wanted someone to pay notice to his brilliance and not shun his ideas away. Someone who he could share his ideas with, who could challenge his mind. He wanted someone to see the world as he did and embrace what may come with it. Kylo Ren was going to give him that. Kylo Ren was going to revolutionize the entire existence of mankind and make people open their eyes for the possibility of never having to be alone. That there was indeed a lover for each and everyone and that “disappointments” would soon become a forgotten word. Of course it wasn’t going to be that easy and presenting Kylo Ren to the board and the entire world right away was folly. It could tear everything down that Hux had worked so hard on. Caution and baby steps with a pinch of patience. He had all the time in the world. ** ** ** Morning couldn’t come fast enough and Hux’s anticipations left him sleepless half of the night. The few hours he did manage to sleep, he was haunted by pleasant as well as horrifying dreams. He got himself dressed, rolling his sleeves up before knotting a black tie that he hid under his vest. His orange hair was in minor disarray and he couldn’t get some of the strands in place. Eventually giving up on it entirely, it needed to be cut in all honesty, he devoured a sparse breakfast before heading down to the basement again. A quick look at the machines and he was proud to say that all tests hadn’t changed at all. The blood had reached the right temperature and Hux instantly got the transfusion started after activating the makeshift pacemaker to get the heart pumping and circulating the blood. Sitting on a chair next to the steel bed, Hux couldn’t resist the urge to run his fingers through the raven black mane of hair. It needed to be brushed and washed, but right now he didn’t care or mind. He just wanted to touch that hair, letting the fingers trail down over Kylo Ren’s face ever so lightly. Perfect. He was just perfect in the way he was looking, appealing to every sense and thought in Hux and if it wasn’t for the cold and colourless skin, Kylo Ren looked as if he was sleeping. ”Just few more hours,” Hux whispered softly and noticed how he sounded so frail. It made him frown at himself, clearing the throat a little. He wasn’t a frail person, quite far from it no matter what his lean stature gave away. Brain over brawn. Hux tapped on the blood bag, eyes following the dark red liquid’s path through the plastic tube and into the body. The ECG showed a steady pulse, the pacemaker was doing its job, even if the pulse was weak. When Hux set his palm against the bare chest of Ren, he could feel a slight difference in the temperature: it had begun to increase. When the transfusion was at its last bag, Hux began to make the final preparations, adding the electrodes around on the body and on the forehead. The small pads he connected to a machine that for the moment stood offline. He couldn’t flip the switch until all of the blood was in circulation. Hux gave the clock a quick glance and put the time on the memory: 12:25pm. It was now or never and he felt how his stomach was starting to riot: the butterflies fluttering around in some mad dance. His knees felt weak once more and the mouth was unusually dry. With the heart beating out of his chest, Hux bit down on his bottom lip and turned on the machine. He pulled the IV needle out from Ren’s arm and turned back to the station. With a silent prayer to a God he didn’t believe existed, Hux pulled the switch downwards. The lamps in the ceiling began to blink furiously, an electric buzzing filled Hux’s ears before the lamps overload and exploded from the strength of the current surging through the small room. The ECG's frantic beeping grew louder, the pulse rising quickly and alarmingly high, but it was calculated to happen. Kylo Ren’s body arched upwards, shaking in violent spasm as the electrodes guided the electricity into the body, coursing through the veins, making the muscles cramp and twitch. The brain gaining that kickstart it needed for the implant to activate. Hux counted to one hundred-and-twenty before he pulled the switch back up again. Kylo fell flat on the steel bed with a loud thud, the ECG giving away a monotone and drawn-out beep as it showed no pulse or any kind of activity. The body twitched on occasion as the muscles were still cramping now, the ghosts of reflexes and then but other than that Kylo Ren wasn’t moving at all. Hux held his breath, waiting anxiously as he wasn’t aware of how hard he was biting the lip before he began to taste the blood. Come on, come on, come on! He needed Kylo to start breathing, he needed the ECG to show any sign of a pulse again! Just when Hux began to fear the worst, that he had failed somehow, the ECG interrupted its monotone beep with a steady rhythmic sound. Pulse. There was a god damn pulse! Shaking, Hux fumbled with the electrode pads, removing them from the naked body in front of him. When Hux's fingers brushed against that pale skin, it felt warmer and he could see how the chest was slowly heaving as it was getting used to using the new lungs. Kylo Ren was alive! Hux had done it! ** ** ** All that Kylo could hear was strange, disorienting noises around him. An annoying beeping somewhere up to his left. A nervous giggle to his right that seemed to be moving around. But it was all black, his eyelids heavy and no matter how hard Kylo tried, he couldn’t get his eyes open. His body shuddered and goosebumps spread over the skin when reacting to a warm touch on the arm and it confused him. What or who was touching him and why? Why was something beeping and who was touching him? Was the owner of this touch giggling? Before he could figure it out, there was a tiredness that threatened to drown Kylo. He took a deep breath, feeling how his vocal cords vibrating as he attempted to form words, but nothing came out. ”Easy there,” the voice said somewhere near Kylo and he could feel the touch again but this time on the shoulder. ”Take your time.” The voice was…pleasing? Kylo couldn’t find a different word for it. It was shaking for some reason, as if the owner wasn’t feeling too well, but it was also so soft and gentle. Kylo wanted to answer, he wanted to ask who the voice was. He wanted to ask who he was, but the tiredness was creeping closer and draped over Kylo like a blanket. Maybe he should sleep then, maybe he would be able to open the eyes after he had slept. ** ** ** Hux had to sit down before he risked collapsing on the floor as the adrenaline surging through his body started to level out as he realized that he had succeeded! He had truly managed to make Kylo come alive! What more, Kylo had tried to talk! Kylo had tried to communicate with Hux! There was no rush now, Hux couldn’t and wouldn’t stress his creation by pushing him to talk when the body was still adjusting to what was happening. Maybe in a day or so Kylo would be able to move on his own accord and until then it was for the best to let the man rest. Grabbing the thicker quilts and pillows that he kept in the reserve closet for those nights he slept in the basement, Hux placed the pillow gently under Kylo’s head before he ensured the quilts kept the naked body warm. This was a fragile state for Kylo to be in. These next twenty four hours were the most crucial. If Kylo's body caught a chill or he was exposed any kind of aggressive pathogen it could jeopardize his very life since the immune system still needed to get adjusted. Hell, everything inside Kylo needed to get adjusted of being part of something that would walk and talk for decades to come. For a brief moment Hux considered giving his father a call and tell him of the good news. That would be so satisfying to throw that back in Brendol Hux's face. But he knew Brendol better than anyone and calling the old man was only going to end up in having Kylo taken away and locked into some military facility to have him investigated. Hux was all too aware of little Brendol thought of his son, how he saw Armitage as weak little being that couldn’t even last a year in the army. A disgrace to a high ranking military officer who’s very name could invoke respect and fear. At first Brendol had done a half hearted attempt to make his son work for the scientific department of the military but Hux had declined it. He did not want to work near or with his father, and doing so wouldn’t have made this creation happen. The ringing of the phone made Hux almost fall out of the chair and he staggered his way up to the kitchen to answer. He had to clear his throat again to sound normal, his mouth was dry and he was shaking as he answered the phone. The person from yesterday hadn’t called back that day, so it was safe to assume that whoever called now was the same person. “Armitage Hux speaking,” Hux said with a neutral voice and it surprised him how he could keep the voice so steady. “Oh, so you are alive,” came the voice from the other end of the line and Hux had to snort. Phasma. “I tried calling you yesterday.” “Yeah, sorry. I was... occupied.” “Working on Mr Perfect? Please tell me you have given up on that idea,” Phasma sighed on the other end of the phone. Hux was certain she was mouthing a prayer that her friend would have forsaken the insane idea. Oh, but if she only knew what was sleeping down in the basement. “I was taking a bath. What is it?” Hux asked, a little too sharply. He quickly apologized before Phasma got the chance to ask what was bugging him. “Just wondering if you wanted to have a drink? Catch up. I haven’t seen or heard anything from you for two weeks now,” Phasma huffed, clearly not fancying the idea of Hux isolating himself in that house with all his notes and obsession. Last time she visited Hux looked like a ghoul. He hadn’t slept or ate anything properly for days and she damn near force fed him fast food before insisting on Hux taking some sleeping pills just so that he could some sleep. “Maybe some other, I’m not feeling all too well,” Hux lied and did his best to actually sound like he was ill. The anticipation and adrenaline that still lingered in his body did manage to make him sound shaky enough to convince Phasma. “You need me to bring some food over?” “No, I’m good. I’ll just head back to sleep now. I’ll call you.” Hux hung up before Phasma got the chance to protest. Now was not a good time to have visitors, he had to keep an eye on Kylo. Which reminded him... Hux rushed up the steps to the second floor and stepped inside the small bedroom. He had bought some simpler clothes for Kylo Ren. Sweatpants, a long sleeves shirt and some underwear. It wasn’t much in the way of fashion but right now it was better than nothing. He couldn’t have his creation walking around stark naked no matter how the thought was appealing. He grabbed some of his own socks on the way out and began to head back downstairs. That’s when he heard a noise that for a moment made his heart stop. The ECG. He didn’t care that he almost tumbled down the steep stairs to the basement, he didn’t care that he had smacked the elbow against the door frame so hard that the pain exploded down his spine. The ECG was spiking and Kylo's body was convulsing. His eyes were rolled back in his skull, his head jerking backwards but the pillow under him prevented the back of the head from getting damaged. Hux threw the clothes down on the floor and scrambled to the office desk to grab the vial of diazepam. He had obtained it for an emergency but never actually dreamed of having to use it. Kylo had shown good signs when he woke up! Hux cursed himself for having left Kylo unwatched even if it was just for half an hour, maybe even less. He managed to bend Kylo’s mouth open and stuck the plastic syringe inside, keeping it pressed against the cheek as he let the liquid out while silently thanking himself for not having bought the rectal syringe. That would never have worked in this situation. Kylo’s convulsing began to slow down, only the shoulders giving an occasional twitch as the ECG steadied itself. All was well... Not as well as Hux would have liked it and he could only hope that the convulsing was a one-time affair. Hux stepped back, panting with exhaustion from having struggled against the seizures. If this kept going, then Kylo’s life was practically lost. Hux didn’t have the proper medical tools to deal with this in the long term. Once he was certain that Kylo was back sleeping and that the ECG was stable, Hux collected the clothes from the floor, folded them and placed them on the chair next to the steel bed. He tucked Kylo back under the quilts, corrected the pillows before he planted a chaste kiss on the cool forehead. His creation couldn’t give up now. His creation needed to survive the next few days. Hux had worked so hard and wasn’t going to give up on Kylo Ren now. “Just rest now.” ** ** ** Two days passed without any further incidents much to Hux’s relief. He had already been a bundle of nerves since Kylo had taken his first breath. The ginger had slept down in the basement in case the ECG spiked again or began to sound the alarm of there being no pulse. Kylo hadn’t moved much, his eyes had however moved behind the closed lids. A sign that the man was dreaming and if he could dream, it meant he wasn’t just a body. It was a person. He had thoughts, a subconscious. ** ** ** When Kylo woke up again, the first thing that greeted him was that beeping sound again. His first reflex was to try and reach for it, to make it shut up. But that was when he felt something soft under his head. A pillow? It hadn’t been there the first time he woke up... Whenever that was. He felt as if he had been sleeping for years. Maybe it was just an hour? He moved his arm a little and at first the muscles didn’t correspond with his thought. Then there was a twitch in the tips of his fingers. Kylo tried again and his arm jerked high up into the air before it slammed down against the steel bed. Someone nearby yelped in surprise. The owner of the voice must have been holding something because Kylo heard something hit the floor and crash. “Kylo...?,” the voice asked carefully and came closer. Kylo? Yeah, he was Kylo. But also something more, there was suppose to be a second half to that name. Ren. Kylo Ren. Hux set his hand on top of Kylo’s arm and placed it back on the soft quilts. That slam had scared the living crap out of him and in the process, dropped his mug of coffee. But Kylo had tried to move. He was finally waking up! “K-...” Kylo tried to speak, the letter getting stuck in his mouth and he understood why: his throat felt dry like sandpaper. He needed something to drink. “W... Wat... Wat...er.” Hux nodded and reach over for the glass he had brought with him downstairs, he hadn’t drunk from it yet. Kylo sat up with some difficulty, his limbs still didn’t quite want to respond to his wishes. He pulled the quilt over himself to hide his nakedness, not that he was shy. Or, he didn’t feel shy at least. It was more a reflex. He fumbled when trying to take the glass, spilling some out over himself. “Let me help you,” Hux smiled as kindly as he could, holding the glass to Kylo’s lips so that the raven haired man could drink. The gulps were greedy and Hux had to hold the glass back so that Kylo wouldn’t choke on the water. Too much at once would just make him feel ill and throw up. His stomach wasn’t used to having digest anything yet and Hux wasn’t sure how Kylo’s body could handle food. That, was however a matter for later on. Kylo pulled back from the glass and gasped, his breathing raspy but he felt better already even if he could easily drunk three more glasses. “Thank you,” he said with a hoarse throat. The dark brown eyes scanned the room, confused over the machinery around him. This wasn’t a... a... What was that word? The place where people went to when sick. Why couldn’t he remember what the place was called? Then he saw the walls near the office desk. Sketches all over the walls, calculations that combined numbers and letters together in ways he didn’t understand. This place... It was some kind of laboratory, wasn’t it? Kylo got that feeling anyway. In the far corner stood something that resembled an old alchemy station, vials and liquids brewing. Kylo looked at Hux with a puzzled expression. “Where am I?” “You are in my house, and you are safe,” Hux reassured Kylo before setting the empty glass aside. It was astounding how quickly Kylo was able to start using words. The implant did as programed. “My name is Armitage Hux, and you are Kylo Ren.” “Kylo Ren,” Kylo closed his eyes, a hand moving up to press against his head as he tried to make sense of what he had seen in this room. Those sketches... They were of a man and around Kylo there had been machines. Machines to keep people alive, he knew that much. Kylo must have been in some kind of danger then, he must have been through something that required these machines. Maybe that’s why he couldn’t remember? Had to be. Hux on the other hand didn’t say much more besides looking at his own creation. He suspected the questions would come and that the answers may be a bit too heavy for a newly resurrected human to understand. Resurrected? There had to be a better for that. Newborn? Created. Kylo Ren had been created, he wasn’t newborn nor resurrected. He had been made. “Tell me, how are you feeling?” Hux asked, walking over to his office desk to grab his diary to make notes. This needed some thorough documentation, every little detail was of import and could define failure from success. Health and pain. Kylo sat quietly for a moment, letting his gaze wander about in the basement again. “Confused. I don’t know how I ended up here. Was I hurt?” “No, you were never hurt,” Hux bit his bottom lip again and winced slightly at the pain. He forgot he had bitten a hole in there. “You were-“ Kylo managed to stand up on shaky legs as he set a finger against Hux’s lower lip where the small bite mark was, interrupting him as he spoke in a hoarse, but concerned voice, “You are hurt. Did I do that?” “No. No, you didn’t. I accidentally did that to myself,” Hux blinked at the sudden touch, the man before him was only slightly taller, perhaps a mere two inches if he calculated it correctly. Kylo was showing sign of concern, empathy already at this early stage of his existence. Remarkable. Hux smiled and gently took a hold of Kylo’s wrist to lower the hand away from his face. “You haven’t hurt anyone, and as I was about to say... You were made.” Kylo cocked the head with a puzzled expression. “Isn’t everyone made?” “You weren’t born, Kylo. I created you.” For all of Hux’s fancy words and abilities to perform speeches, there was no easy way to drop this bomb. There was no finer way to wrap the information around and deliver it smoother. And he had noticed how Kylo had glanced around. There was enough evidence in this basement, so lying wasn’t an option. Nor did Hux want to lie. But it was the reaction from Kylo that surprised the ginger more than anything. Kylo had just blinked, looked passed Hux and over to the sketches before he sat back down on the edge of the steel bed. “You created me? Does that make you God?” “What? No! God doesn’t exist, Kylo. I wanted to see if it was possible to create a human. I was playing God, if anything,” Hux wasn’t quite honest, admittedly, but he didn’t want to expose the true reason behind creating Kylo Ren. That he wanted a mate, a companion to share his life with. He didn’t have the heart nor stomach to tell Kylo that he was created simply because Hux wanted a boyfriend in his own image. The raven haired man hummed briefly. It didn’t make him feel anything in particular. This kind of news probably would have shocked people, he assumed, but he wasn’t like other people then was he? This man, this Armitage Hux had created him. “I see.” “How does that make you feel?” Hux asked carefully as he moved to sit next to Kylo in case the man needed a shoulder to cry on or rage. For all of his calculations and science, Hux couldn’t predict how a person would take such news and Kylo’s seemingly indifference to it all was a curious reaction. Perhaps it may even be natural? If one had never born or carried memories of a life as a born human, was the aspect of being man made the same as how most saw birth? In a way, Kylo Ren had been born. The philosophical aspects made Hux’s head ache. “How is it suppose to make me feel?” Kylo asked back and turned the head to look at his creator. “You have created me and that is a fact. Children don’t react on being born, are they?” “No, I suppose not,” Hux laughed nervously before he quickly jumped back up on his feet to fetch the folded clothes. He brought them over to Kylo who gratefully accepted them. “You get dressed and I’ll go up and us some breakfast.” Kylo just nodded. He wanted to be left alone for a little bit to let it all soak in and Hux didn’t seem to mind. Even he needed to process the stiff conversation between them. After Hux had vanished upstairs to put some eggs to boil, Kylo looked at the clothes. He should have asked Hux in which order these things were suppose to be put on. Assuming that the boxers were meant to be under loose pants, Kylo got dressed in that order. Boxers, sweatpants, socks and lastly the the long sleeved shirt. His legs still felt wobbly when walking and he needed to support himself against the wall. He wanted to have a look at those sketches, they were after all a part of his birth. The calculations made no sense to him, it was an advanced version of math that he hadn’t learned yet. But the sketches... Kylo picked one of them down from the wall, finding himself staring at his own face. Hux had made his face. The flesh, judging by the note on the side, wasn’t actual real flesh. Something akin to it, fake in a way, but he would still bleed, still blush, could still cry. Kylo raised a hand and poked his own cheek. Felt real enough, the nerves registered the prod. He put the sketch down and let both hands wander over his face, fingers pressing against the jaw as Kylo made it move. How had Hux managed to do that if no one else had? Abandoning the thought for now, Kylo decided to focus on something he could perhaps understand. Most of the other sketches just showed how organs were placed inside the torso. Kylo set a hand against the chest and took a deep breath. These too had been placed there, those lungs. And the kidney, the liver and the rest. Hux had been serious. He had truly created another human being. It made Kylo dizzy and he stumbled backwards before managing to grip onto the office desk to stabilize himself. He clutched the fabric of his shirt when he suddenly felt as if the lungs weren’t giving him enough air. Created. He was created. How did Hux find all these things and how had he put Kylo together? He didn’t have any stitch marks or scars anywhere on his body. The breaths grew more and more shallow as if the lungs suddenly shrunk three sizes and Kylo felt weak. He dropped to the floor, closing his eyes. Breathe. He started to inhale through his nose and exhale via his mouth. What kind of a man created another human by using leftover body parts? What happened to the former owners of the organs he now possessed? Whose body was in he? Whose goddamn brain?! Hux had said he had been playing God. That didn’t sit right with Kylo, you couldn’t play something that people believed to be some superior deity. And where did these thoughts come from anyway? The knowledge he possessed now? Two times two was four. A year possessed 365 days divided into 52 weeks, 12 months and four seasons. Things like this, Kylo knew that. A newborn knew nothing so why did he possess this knowledge if he was just created? “Kylo!” Hux’s voice broke through Kylo’s thoughts and the man turned the head to look at the ginger whom was both shocked and worried. Hux rushed over to Kylo and squatted down in front of the man. “Are you alright?” “Why do I know things?” Kylo roared and gripped Hux by the collar before pulling the slimmer man closer. “Why do I know all these things if you have just created me? Where did my body come from!?” Hux gasped for air, trying to pull away from Kylo. The man was almost choking the ginger with that tight grip around the collar. “Because... I implanted them in you,” Hux wheezed out. “I can show you, just... you’re choking me.” Kylo instantly let go of Hux, retreating backwards a little as he watched Hux catch his breath. The redhead staggered up on his feet and held out a hand down to help Kylo stand up as well. Hux couldn’t blame his creation for reacting like that and to be honest, it was actually expected. Just a little more delayed than what Hux initially thought. Better late than never, wasn’t that the saying? Taking Hux’s hand, Kylo rose to his own feet and Hux pulled out a folder, starting to explain to Kylo Ren how it was done. How Hux had created an implant that was attached to the brain and that chip in turn sent out information that the brain in turn processed. Basic knowledge. A brain was after all a computer, just an organic one. There was nothing stranger than that and the reason behind it, as Hux calmly explained to Kylo, was so that Kylo would have the upper hand when he woke up. That he would have a head start in his existence. Yes, there were still many more things that Kylo needed to learn but those were things Hux in turn wanted to teach his new companion. Hux didn’t bother with going into deeper detail on how this worked, he simply wanted Kylo to understand and the tall, dark haired man seemed content with the answers he got. It did, now that Kylo thought about it, make sense. Chapter 3 : It's Not a Walk In The Park Diary entry Nr: 281 Year: 2020 Kylo has shown remarkable progress the past two weeks. I have tested his reflexes with the help of the tablet and he seems to have a liking to Whack-A-Mole. I believe he is almost up at the second highest difficulty already. He has, however, sadly, also shown distress over his situation and I can’t blame him for it. He has been tossing things around him, question his existance and at two different occations I have found him trying to claw at his own skin because, as he said, need to know why he is. It’s to my belief that if I just stay patient and try and answer all of his questions as truthfully as I can, then things will be fine. This also proves that he possess emotions and isn’t just a husk. His questions are existential, he is curious about the things around him and yet he is highly aware of things like the galaxy, the rotation of the sun and the moon. I wonder if this is due to some remnant after Ben Solo. His IQ was after all the highest of all the results I gathered before chosing a body. I may not have fully been able to remove the persona parts of the brain to such an extent that Ben Solo is completely erased, but that remains to be seen. I can’t tell him yet of the real reason to why he exists. To why I created him but I have found myself to have taken quite a likening to him already. I can’t call it a crush, but there is definitely something that has sparked in me. I just hope he will come to calm. Hux ceased to write and lifted his head to listen to the sounds above him. It sounded as if something was breaking. And there it was, the definite sound of glass shattering against the floor and Hux flew off the chair, running up the stairs to see what the hell Kylo was up to now. He had gotten quite accustomed to his new house mate's emotional outbursts but if he kept breaking things like this, it would begin to take a toll on Hux’s finances. “The hell are you-“ Hux began, preparing himself for another outburts from Kylo Ren where he had tossed things around but the other man just stood there with a pale face as he held his palms upwards with blood trickling down his hands and wrists. The cupboards were open and all around the barefooted man lay shattered glass. Kylo’s eyes darted over to Hux and he began to stammer an apology. “I just wanted to... I didn’t meant to...” He looked down dejectedly. He just wanted to lay the table, make it nice for the dinner. Not that he had begun to cook anything, but preparations still needed to be done, such as laying the table with glasses and plates. He had somehow managed to lean too much on the shelf and under the weight of Kylo, the shelf had collapsed and spilled all of its content out on the floor. Hux couldn’t become angry for something like that. It was an accident. “It’s okay. Don’t move.” He circled around the pile of glass to fetch the broom in the hallway to the front door. First things first, he began to sweep the floor around Kylo, ensuring that everything was brushed along into a pile further away. Grabbing the first aid kit, he walked back over to Kylo who hadn’t moved an inch. He hadn’t moved even a muscle and just stood there like a breathing statue but when Hux motioned for the taller man to sit down by the kitchen table, Kylo allowed himself to wince a little at the pain he had kept inside. “I’m terribly sorry, Hux. I didn’t meant to cause this,” Kylo mumbled as he rested his hands onto the kitchen table while Hux sat next to him, using a set of tweezers to remove the few pieces of glass that had gotten stuck in Kylo's palms. None of the cuts were deep, thankfully, but the other man's palms needed to be washed and disinfected with alcohol. “It’s not your fault. This is going to sting a little...” Hux warned as he unscrewed the bottle of disinfection, and let a well calculated amount soak a cotton pad before he pressed it against one of the bleeding palms. Kylo hissed in pain and recoiled the hand in reflex. Physical pain and bleeding. Hux needed to make an entry about that once this was done. Kylo showed off more stronger emotions and reactions than what he had done two weeks ago, during his awakening. It was remarkable on its own. Kylo going from having been nothing but a dead corpse into an almost fully functional human being in fourteen days. There had to be drawbacks to this progress. The emotional outbursts and habit of breaking things certainly was one, but it was a reaction to his situation of having been created and reanimated. The conversations were still stiff at times and more than often Kylo didn’t say much and when he did spoke it was often with insecurity. That part, no matter how much Hux hated to admit it, was slightly aggravating. He didn’t want his perfect man to be so weak! Yes, he was fully aware of the situation they both were in and that Hux was letting his loneliness and frustration get the better of his judgment. He had promised himself to be patient, that it may take as long as it needed for Kylo to become fully aware of who he was and wanted to be. Kylo tilted his head as he watched Hux work. It was a common habit of his and he had started to recognize the various of expressions Hux had. The frowns and the clenched jaws meant one thing, like for example now; he wasn’t feeling very pleased with Kylo. But what could he have done different? He hadn’t meant to break the shelf and get wounded. He had just wanted to help out while the scientist was hiding down in the basement, buried in his books and notes. Hux didn’t sleep that much either, Kylo noticed and when he did, the raven haired man tried to be as silent as possible. He often found himself on this strange thing called Internet, looking up various of things. Most things he found left him confused and scared him. Articles and videos about world wars and the hunt for women that people claimed to be in alliance with the Devil. Kylo had tried to look up what he was, he had wanted to know if there really wasn’t any other human that had been created, and if there were, he wanted to know of they had reacted to it all; to be what they were. A creation. But all he got was scientists claiming that one couldn’t make a person come to life after death. That “building” a human was impossible in every term of the word. Frankenstein's monster was a fantasy. When Hux was done with the right hand, Kylo pulled it back and placed it on his lap. It still stung when the disinfectant came into contact with the bleeding wound but he did his best to not react as strongly as before. “What is Frankenstein?” Kylo asked and the question made Hux blink and turn his attention to the other man. “I tried to look up myself and something called Frankenstein showed up.” “It’s a book about a man who... Who tried to create a human using limbs from various of corpses. It became known as the Frankenstein monster.” “Is that what I am? A Frankenstein monster?” “Oh, Kylo...” Hux sighed deeply and leaned back against the chair. He shook the head ever so slowly with what Kylo guessed was a guilty expression. “You are not a monster. Far from it. If you are interested in reading the story, I will dig up the book for you.” “Will it help me understand what I am?” Kylo asked, pulling his still bleeding hand back as he tried to patch it up himself. He had been watching Hux and it didn’t seem to difficult. With one exception, he soon came to learn: he only had one hand to use and that one was bandaged. When Hux tried to assist Kylo, the man had just shook the head and insisted on trying this himself. “You and Frankenstein’s monster are very different. Some of the fundamental science is the same, yes. Building life up from dead material. Building a human. But you have to understand that there is a big different between fiction and reality,” Hux was hesitant to let Kylo read anything that wasn’t actual facts. Only yesterday when Hux was idly watching a horror movie and Kylo came into the living room, he had been struck with horror over how a woman was dragged away by a monster and nearly shouted at Hux that they needed to do something about saving the poor woman. It had taken Hux an hour to calm Kylo down and explain to him that it was just a movie. That the people were actors and that they were as safe as Kylo was it was just fiction, just a story made to entertain people. Kylo did not see the entertainment in being dragged away by something monstrous! “I want to read it,” Kylo said adamantly before giving up a sigh of defeat and letting Hux take care of the hand. It was impossible to do it on his own. Hux had just given Kylo a smile and within a minute or two he had patched up the second hand. “I have a copy of it somewhere, I'll find it for you tomorrow. Just remember, it’s fiction. Nothing in it is real.” “You just said the fundamental idea was just like me.” Hux paused for a moment. Had he said that? Oh, he might have. “Ideas, concepts can be the same, but the events are not. Just remember there is a difference between an idea and actual reality. Now then, why don’t you get changed and I’ll clean the kitchen floor before we head out for dinner?” “We aren’t eating at home?” “I want to take you outside tonight,” Hux smiled again at Kylo. Eating outside sounded... exciting but Kylo couldn’t help but to feel a little frightened as well. He had been locked up in this house with only Hux as his company and the aspect of surrounding himself with people. Strangers. Actual, born people. Kylo swallowed his anxious feeling and nodded once before he tiptoed away from the kitchen area in case glass shards still remained on the floor. Kylo and Hux weren't sharing the same bedroom, instead the taller man had been given the smaller guest room to call his own. The room itself was sparsely decorated, a bed stood pushed against the far end of the rectangular room, a dresser by the window contained all of Kylo’s clothes which had gotten an upgrade after Hux had gone to buy him some more clothes. It had been suggested that Kylo would come along that day but he had refused since he still hadn’t been able to control his limbs properly. Mainly the legs. Kylo tripped a lot over thresholds. Undressing himself, Kylo cast a glance at the full body mirror that hung on the inside of the now closed door. The black mane of hair reached down to his shoulders and the body had a fair amount of moles. Hux had freckles he had been told. There was a difference apparently. Hux was a ginger and gingers often had freckles that matched their fiery hair. Kylo Ren was ordinary. Or rather, his body was ordinary. Kylo still tried to come to terms with the fact that his body once used to be someone else’s but that it now belonged to Kylo. It felt like he was borrowing a body, that whoever this muscular build once belonged to would someday come knocking and demand it back. He was fully aware that wasn’t the case, but could he be blamed for being slightly awkward about it all still? When the vacuum cleaner was heard from the bottom floor, Kylo tore his gaze away from his own reflection and opened the dresser drawer. He took out a pair of dark grey jeans and a brown sweater at first, but giving the window a glance, he changed the sweater to a plain looking t-shirt instead. It was still sunny outside and a sweater was too hot for the weather. Once Kylo was dressed he sat down on the bed and stared out the window while he waited for Hux to finish downstairs. His mind felt blank for once, the stinging pain in his palms taking most of his focus and he didn’t know what else to do. Hux had his science and whatever he was working on down in the basement absorbed a lot of his time. Kylo didn’t have anything to occupy himself with besides the tests Hux put him through and the Internet that he was taught about. Hux had carefully suggested that Kylo would get himself a hobby. Not only would it be a useful way to spend his time while getting accustomed to the world, but it help develop the personality that Kylo was slowly starting to develop. A personality that seemed to jump from being snarky in one minute and in the next a feeble mess that didn’t know what to do with his own hands. Everyone had a hobby of some kind, something they burned with passion for. The idea sat well with Kylo, he wanted have something he could do, but he wasn’t sure of what. There were so many various hobbies and the list of them for a moment had startled Kylo and his doubt had taken over. Maybe he should just wait a little longer. Get to know himself better first. Hux had given him a smile during that conversation and said it was perfectly alright. Hux. The creator always showed such patience and understanding even if Kylo knew there was a bit of frustration behind it all. He could sense it, somehow. Like a vibration in the air, a tingle at the back of his head. Finding himself lost in those thoughts, Kylo didn’t hear the knock on the door nor how it opened just enough for Hux to pop his head inside to check on Kylo. Hux paused for an uncertain moment when he saw how motionless Kylo was where he sat, looking out through the window was if something caught his whole attention. Hux cleared the throat loud enough to be heard and Kylo quickly got up on his feet. “You ready to go?” “Ah, yes. I was... thinking. I think,” Kylo added with hesitant before he walked over to the door. Hux moved out of the way, letting his companion step out from the room. “You think that you were thinking? Pray tell, what did you think you were thinking about?” Hux couldn’t contain the amusement in his voice and the smirk on the ginger’s face made Kylo smile. He preferred Hux this way, smiling. He had done that less and less these days the more Kylo’s outbursts became a regularity. “Hobbies and personalities,” Kylo said. Hux had told him he had a personality, that it would come to grow and develop over time. There was nothing they could do but to wait and simply let Kylo grow on his own. “You are becoming quite the thinker,” Hux said and offered Kylo an encouraging smile. He let the hand rest at the small of Kylo’s back when the creation for a moment grew uncertain about exiting the house. But there was safety in the feeling of Hux’s hand and Kylo took a deep breath, opening the front door. The sheer amount of noises that met Kylo the moment he stepped out on the porch made him come to a halt. He didn’t know what he was going to focus on. The cars that passed by, the bicycles or the people that seemed to be in a hurry to somewhere. He looked over at Hux and the ginger must have seen the desperation in Kylo’s eyes before Hux took his arm in his and began to guide him out on the pavement. Kylo’s steps became uncertain while he grew hyper aware of all his motions, how his legs was still slightly dragging after, how his arms felt too long and out of place and didn’t quite want to stick down in the pockets of his jeans. And were people looking at him oddly? Could they tell that Kylo wasn’t born like them? Were humans able to see if someone had been created? The all too familiar feeling of his lungs shrinking came over Kylo and he began to slow down, almost wanting to walk behind Hux as if that brought shelter and safety. Hux turned the head to look over at Kylo, arching a brow at his companion’s hesitation before he stopped. Over the days Hux come to recognize whenever Kylo was struggling with the anxiety. The first time had been the day Kylo asked how he could think and know things when he was just created and after that Hux paid extra close attention to Kylo’s reactions to everything that could be considered frightening. “Are you okay? We can go back inside if you want.” “It feels as if people know... that they can see that I’m not like them,” Kylo mumbled and finally managed to shove the hands down his pockets. He felt slightly better now that he could at least hide the state of his palms. Two less limbs to worry about and people walked around like this, he had seen that. “They can’t, I promise,” Hux squeezed Kylo’s arm gently before he quickly added: “And you are just like them, Kylo.” Kylo frowned. He wasn’t like them at all even if he may look like it. He was created in a basement with electrodes stuck against his flesh. He was alive because of some implant in the back of his head. He was alive because Hux had managed to transform dead material into something living. He wasn’t like these people at all, even if he looked like it. When Hux urged Kylo to keep walking, he could see how the ginger was clenching his jaws together again and that was enough motivation to move the long legs. It wasn’t that Hux was displeased or annoyed at Kylo. But it was just a habit of his to clench the jaws, to hold back whatever he was keeping on the inside and right now, he was simply just worried. He couldn’t keep Kylo locked up in that small house for all eternity and since it had been two weeks, he wanted Kylo to see the world. Wanted his creation to be able to appreciate the beauty that he so far hadn’t seen. And, to be honest, Hux was a little selfish right now; he wanted to show the world that he had Kylo Ren. ** ** ** As they walked, Hux talked to him about the various of stores and locations that they were passing. At the red lights, he stopped and explained that when the symbol turned into a green figure then it was safe to go, but it was always a good idea to look around before walking. Some people drove like they owned the streets. Kylo made note of that, not that he was intending to walk anywhere on his own for a long while. The one thing about being outside that seemed to be pleasant was the warmth of the sun. Kylo knew he was often quite cold, this was something Hux mumbled to himself about during the daily check-ups, but now he could actually feel how warm he was. Then there were the scents that flooded and invaded his nostrils. All from the pollution of the cars, to the bakeries and their bread and pastries. He thought he could even smell a perfume somewhere near him. It was musky and not all too unpleasant. A barking dog made Kylo flinch and he glared at the furry creature that was tied outside a shop. When they made eye contact, the canine began to growl instead and stepped backwards. Kylo was clearly the alpha between the two of them. Hux didn’t seem to notice, he was just talking. Not that Kylo minded, he liked to listen to Hux talk. His voice was the very first sound Kylo had ever heard besides the beeping of the ECG. Though he never said it, the accent that Hux carried was pleasing. The way he pronounced certain words made it sound more elegant than what Kylo could ever make it. He had tried to mimic the accent but it came out wrong. “What world are you in?” Hux asked, amused over how Kylo had been walking silently next to him while the expression revealed that the mind was somewhere else entirely. Kylo blinked, needing a moment to collect himself. They had stopped outside what seemed to be a restaurant. Not many people could be seen inside from the large windows and it put Kylo in some ease. Less people meant he didn’t need to worry about getting odd glances. Kylo stammered out a reply. “I was just, you know... thinking. Observing the surroundings.” He shifted the weight on his long legs, looking down at them. There was that hyper-awareness again, the feeling of his body not being where it should be or him having no control over the limbs even if he wasn’t doing anything else but standing there. “I can understand all of this is a bit overwhelming for you, Kylo,” Hux’s voice was soft and caring as he reached out a hand to place it against Kylo’s cool arm. The creation gave the hand a look before he shifted uncomfortably again. Overwhelming was an understatement to say the least. Everything was too much and too little at once. Kylo wanted to see more of the city he was in and yet he wanted to crawl back into the small house he and Hux shared where things were safe and familiar. “I don’t think I can do this on my own,” Kylo admitted and he felt how he shrunk in size. He felt like a goddamn kid. “You won’t be alone. Now come on, I’m starving!” Kylo silently followed after Hux into the restaurant and a new wave of scents attacked the nostrils. Spices he didn’t know the name of overpowered his senses and took him by surprise. Never he imagined that there was so many impression in one place alone. Chatting customers, chefs yelling orders to each other, waiters idling about as they waited for new customers, sipping their water in between the casual conversations. The restaurant in itself was quaint, the walls painted dark red with paintings hanging over the tables. Most of them made by anonymous artists and always of the same genre of motive; landscapes. Plants in massive pots stood spread out. Plastic vines crawled near the roof and Kylo couldn’t decide if it had a cozy effect or simply looked utterly ridiculous. A waitress stepped over to Kylo and Hux and offered them both her most charming of smiles before guiding them to a table near the window. She handed out the menus to them and announced she’d return in a bit to take their orders. Kylo opened the menu, letting the eyes wander over the huge amount of dishes they were selling and quickly noticed a pattern; each dish was either served with fried rice or noodles. Chicken, beef or shrimp appeared to be the only source of protein. Not really much of variation and yet it was too much for Kylo, who couldn’t figure out what he was going to have. He didn’t know how shrimps tasted or even what they were. Chicken he had tasted before and beef he knew came from cows. But shrimps? It sounded too weird to even be edible. He closed the menu with a quiet sigh. He might as well take whatever Hux was having, it seemed like the less complicated option. Hux peered over at Kylo, lowering the menu slowly but didn’t close it. “I can’t decide what to have. There is just too much,” Kylo sighed to answer the questioning look that Hux gave him. “And I don’t know what a shrimp is.” “It’s seafood. And between you and I? Stay away from the shrimps, this place makes them soggy and tasteless,” Hux let a chuckle escape him before he leaned over the table, sharing his menu with Kylo as he pointed at one of the dishes. “I would recommend this one, fried rice with chicken and beef.” “Will you have it, Hux?” Kylo asked and Hux nodded. “Then I will have it to.” “Because I’m having it?” “Because I trust your judgment. You created me after all and that makes you...” Kylo struggled to find the right word. He was always so bad at this while Hux was the one who found the right words to say no matter the situation. “It makes you someone I know I can trust.” “Don’t trust me just because of that. I want us to become friends,” Hux smiled and closed his menu since they both had settled with the same dish. Friends was a good start. Despite all of Hux’s careful preparations and planning, he hadn’t been fully able to ensure what Kylo’s sexuality would be. Although he had tried to stack the deck in his favor, after all, Ben Solo, Leia had confided in him, had been gay. Programming a sexuality was impossible, it wasn’t because of some DNA sequence or anything like that. It was a part of the person, the soul. Kylo wasn’t soulless for sure, but Hux had to admit, even if he hated it, that the outcome of their relationship wasn’t in his hands. And the thought of Kylo Ren falling in love with another person... “What will you two gentlemen be having?” The waitress had returned with her pen and notepad at the ready. Second she saw they had closed the menu’s she took to action. Sooner they got their orders made, the bigger the chance that they would leave behind a tip for quick service. “Number eighty-three for the both of us and water,” Hux said in a short tone. The waitress jolted down the order and spun around to walk back. Kylo leaned to the side in his seat, watching the movements of her hips with a fascination that made Hux jealous. But when Kylo sat back properly, the ginger said nothing about it. He didn’t want to make himself come off as jealous or suspicious. “I have wanted to ask you something, Hux...” Kylo broke the silence between them, hands fiddling nervously with their bandage under the table even if Hux had strictly hold him to stay away from the wounds. Dirt could get in between the wraps and infect the wounds. “You can ask me anything.” Another moment of silence where Hux waited patiently for Kylo to find the correct words for his question. Kylo’s expression shifted between worry and annoyance as if he himself tried to figure out how to start. “Are you... Are you working on another one?” Kylo finally asked, his timing caused the waitress to raise a brow while she sat the glasses of water down on the table. Hux waved her off as quickly as he could. This conversation wasn’t actually suited for a public area and certainly not hip swaying blonde woman! “Another one?” “Another me. I have seen you sitting hunched over that office desk into the early hours and you are always sketching or writing on papers. Haven’t I been good enough?” Kylo gave Hux a pained look when he confessed his fears. Hux felt his heart sink down to his stomach and he stared blankly at Kylo for a moment. Making another man? What could possibly ever have given such an impression? Granted that things hadn’t been smooth since Kylo woke up but it had just gone fourteen days! Hux wasn’t one to give up, certainly not create a new human just because Kylo on occasion threw something against a wall when he couldn’t handle his emotions. Hux was fairly certain that he wouldn’t have handled it any better than what Kylo did. “I’m not making another human, Kylo. What have given you that impression?” “You are always down in the basement, writing and drawing.” Hux understood what Kylo was talking about and it made him feel a little more at ease. Kylo had seen him working on the documentations and somehow gotten the idea that Hux was making something else. He couldn’t be further from the truth. Kylo Ren was his perfect man. “I’m a scientist. I need to document everything and that’s what I have been doing. What you are, it’s a miracle and saving every note of what happens daily to you is a part of being a scientist. Documentations. I’m not creating a new you. I would never dream of it.” The reassuring tone made Kylo sigh in relief, he stopped fussing with the bandages and managed to provide a small smile in return. That made sense. Kylo wasn’t exactly something one came across on a daily basis and documenting sounded logical. The raven haired man began to apologize for having asked such a stupid question, but Hux in turn just chuckled. It was understandable. The waitress returned with their food, wishing them a tasty meal. While Kylo politely thanked her, Hux didn’t quite care. The ginger began to take controlled bites of the food, eating with elegance. Kylo on the other hand grabbed the knife and fork, leaned over the plate and shoved the food in his mouth, barely managing to swallow before he loaded in another forkful of food. Hux didn’t attempt to try and correct the way Kylo was eating. The raven haired man had just begun to learn how the fork and knife functioned and if anyone knew how clumsy he had been the first time they ate together, the could call this a major improvement. Kylo still suffered with the coordinations and the first week Kylo had been unable to eat with anything else than a spoon. Nearby guests cast disapproving glances at Kylo and his lack of table manners. How a person ate at home didn’t matter, but when visiting a restaurant there were some unwritten rules to follow and Kylo was breaking them all. And that wasn’t the worst of it all, Hux wasn’t correcting Kylo! The outrage in that made some of the guest frown and mumble between each other. Shouldn’t be taking a person out for dinner if they couldn’t at least act somewhat civilized. The outrage indeed. When the food was eaten, Kylo reached for Hux’s plate and put it on top of his before taking both the glasses before standing up, something that made Hux tilt the head with a puzzled look on the face. “What are you doing?” Hux asked when Kylo began to walk over to the counter but he stopped and turned the head over to Hux. “Taking these to the kitchen? Isn’t that what you taught me?” “Not in a restaurant,” Hux got up on his feet just as the waitress -equally as surprised as Hux- came to meet them. “It’s a waitress’ job to clean up after the guests.” “First time visiting a restaurant?” The waitress asked with a tone which without a doubt had a hint of mocking in it. She released Kylo from his burden, holding the plates and glass in a steadfast grip while trying to not laugh at how dumbfounded Kylo was staring at the plates. “As a matter of fact. And he was just trying to to be helpful,” Hux stood next to Kylo now, arms crossed as he was giving the waitress a deadly don’t you dare laugh at him -look. “And I think I’ll be paying now, so kindly give me the check.” “Just a moment.” When the waitress had disappeared behind the door which lead to the kitchen area, a silence fell over the restaurant before someone in the kitchen burst out in a bolstering laughter. She had told the chefs about Kylo and his silly behaviour and Hux could only imagine what they were calling Kylo. “Did I do something wrong?” Kylo whimpered, not likening how that laughter sounded and Hux had a dark look he had never seen before in those green eyes. “Not at all. Don’t mind her, you just tried to be helpful.” “Then why are they all laughing?” Kylo turned to fully face Hux now, his dark brown eyes were sad and almost puppy like which made Hux want to just wrap his arms around the taller man and hug him, tell him they are all piece of idiots with foolish little brains. That Kylo was far more superior than them and that it was Kylo who should be laughing at their lack of intelligence and understanding. Hux stepped closer to Kylo, letting his hand comforting stroke over Kylo’s cheek and over the back. It made Kylo lean a little into the warm touch. Hux wasn’t laughing at him and it made the creation feel at ease. “Because some people are simply just ignorant assholes.” It was said loud enough to be heard all the way into the kitchen and the laughter stopped abruptly. The waitress came back but now she looked flustered and embarrassed. Hux took one quick look at the check before he handed over an even amount. There was no way Hell he was going to tip this woman. There was no way in Hell that he was ever coming back here again. ** ** ** Kylo locked himself up in his room after they had come back from the dinner, not wanting to talk about what happened. Hux couldn’t blame him really and spent most of the evening in the basement to document what had occurred after he had to stop and help Kylo bandage his hands. Hux was still fuming on the inside, insulted on the behalf of Kylo Ren. But after the second glass of whiskey things began to feel more at ease. Nothing too terrible had after all happened in the restaurant and Kylo had been doing so well when they were walking back. Albeit that the created man was less talkative than normal, but he felt down for being laughed at. Which reminded Hux: the book... He spun the chair around and opened some of the boxes that stood stacked up in the far end of the basement. He hadn’t touched these at all since he moved in and the layer of dust made him cough and sneeze. The boxes contained old books, some clothes from his youth and others miscellaneous items from a childhood he rather not remember anymore. Among the items he found an old photo. It showed a beautiful smiling woman with long wavy red hair that was hugging a young boy around the shoulders from behind. The boy in the photograph was squinting towards the camera as if the sun was blocking his view. Even his hair was red, bordering to copper and cut short. To the right of the woman stood a man who was a decade or so older, the hair short and dark. His straight back and pushed out chest was typical for a soldier’s pose. There wasn’t as much of a smile to be hinted on that stern face, nor was he participating in the evidently hugging to his left. When Hux looked closer, he could see how the man stood with the arms behind the back, maybe three inches away from the woman and the child. Brendol and Elizabeth Hux. Hux remembered this day and the memory made his stomach knot and throat cramp up. It had Hux’s eleventh birthday and Elizabeth had spend the entire day baking Armitage’s favourite chocolate cake despite the leukemia that was wreaking havoc on her body. Back then it had still been in the early stages, but Elizabeth had often been very tired and exhausted even after smaller things. Armitage in turn, hadn’t fully understood why she was so tired all the time or why the mother had bruises all over the body. She always used to smile at him, give Armitage a small peck on the forehead and tell him that everything was going to be alright. That God had a plan with what He was doing. And what a plan that was. His mother had been diagnosed with chronic leukemia and there was nothing the doctors could do at first, they just kept her under regular observations since the cancer didn’t appear to be that aggressive. Brendol had begun to spend less and less time at home the more ill his wife became. And at one point, Hux recalled, he had even tried to stop Brendol from leaving the house because the mother was so ill and feverish. Brendol had just shoved his son away and left without a word. Hux believed it was at this time he grew so interested in science and health care. His obsession with life and death. Brendol wasn’t helping at home and the more sick Elizabeth became, the more Hux had to help her out. Then, three years after the diagnosis, the chemo had begun and Elizabeth had to stay in the hospital. Her long beautiful hair began to fall off and she grew all the more paler and frail. Hux grew obsessed with finding a way, any way, to help her. He followed and bothered the doctors day in and out. He had even called his father and demanded that he would get some of the military doctors to come and help her! Brendol had simply said there was nothing he could do and that Armitage should stop bothering him. When Elizabeth was eventually transferred to palliative care, Hux knew it was too late. The doctors didn’t even try with the chemo anymore and his mother was in such pain that she needed to be hooked up on morphine most of the time. Bald and ashen skinned, save from the bruises all over her, Elizabeth had called Hux to come lay down on the bed with her. Hux had been so scared of hurting Elizabeth that he had first didn’t dare to hug her, but the mother insisted that a hug would only make her spirit lighter. Hux stayed away from school for first a week. Then two... three. He was more needed at his mother’s side than at a school bench. Those hours the mother slept, Hux sat hunched down over his books, absorbing all form of knowledge he could. He knew he no longer could save his mother, he knew there was nothing more he could do but to be there, be her support. Brendol had stopped to visit and Elizabeth never asked after him. Hux hated his father. Hated him for giving up on his wife! In sickness and in health, those were the promises he had once given Elizabeth and now he broke those vows! It had made Hux so mad and sad at the same time even if he never showed it in front of his mother. He needed to be strong for the both of them. He had to. There was no other way or else Elizabeth might give up too soon. But it didn’t matter in the end. One day she never woke up. One day Hux awoke to the sound of the ECG flat lining and he had screamed out for help, screamed for anyone to come and help his mother! Nurses and doctors alike had rushed into the room, pushed Hux out of the way as they tried to give Elizabeth CPR. But nothing worked. She was already dead. The only ever comfort that Hux could find in that sorrow, standing there helplessly as the nurses pulled out the plugs and turned off the machines was that Elizabeth had died in her sleep. She hadn’t needed to suffer in her final moments. If God truly had a plan with giving Elizabeth Hux leukemia and then kill her, what was the grand idea behind it all? What exactly had God intended for the woman who prayed to Him every single night even when she was dying and suffered so? What exactly was the point of it all? It was at that moment Hux knew God didn’t exist and even if He did, God was a cruel thing. A monster that took kindhearted people away and left behind the very scum, the cold hearted bastards who didn’t even come to visit their sick wives to offer comfort and love! “Why are you crying?” Kylo’s voice came from behind him and Hux hadn’t noticed the man enter the basement nor had he realized that he had curled up on the floor with his legs pressed against the chest, clutching onto the only memory he had left of his mother. He hadn’t even noticed that he was crying and that he couldn’t stop the tears from coming. Kylo fell down to his knees next to Hux, he looked at the photograph and didn’t need to ask anything more. He stretched out his arms and cradled his creator against his cool, broad chest. Hux was sad, something pained him terribly and Kylo hated it. He could feel his heart ache for Hux’s grief even he didn’t know what the grief was, but he wasn’t ignorant enough to not understand it had something to do with that photograph. Something about that smiling woman. Closing his eyes, Kylo gently rocked back and forth while Hux was clinging onto him, soaking his shirt with his tears and snot. The whimpers came out as half choked screams as if Hux was desperately trying to put words into the pain and grief. He hadn’t shed a single tear since the funeral twenty years ago. Chapter 4 : Complicated Relationships Diary entry Nr: 290 Year: 2020 After Kylo found me the floor weeping like a goddamn child, he hasn’t asked about the photograph. What is surprising however, is what he did after, he carried me upstairs to my bedroom. He hung the photo up over my desk. He tore my father out from the picture, said that the man had cold and unkind eyes. I’m not mad at him for doing it. Someday I will talk to Kylo about my parents but I don’t quite feel ready for it. I don’t think Kylo yet will understand. But I could be underestimating him, he has grown so very much. I’m not having much to document today, just needed to write myself off for a little. I wonder if I should teach him how to dance? The scent of toast found its way down to the basement and Hux closed the eyes with a smile. Kylo was making breakfast. The raven haired man had show more and more of an interest for cooking and more than happily had been spending hours reading recipes and looking up what the various of ingredients were. Hux had never been a man to cook or even bother with anything that could resemble a healthy diet. His fridge always had rotting leftovers and the bread always managed to dry out before Hux could finish a loaf. In fact the only thing that Hux had a sure and steady supply of was whiskey. Something about the visit to the restaurant had triggered this interest for cooking. It had gone a couple of days since then and Kylo often asked Hux to bring home new kinds of food each time Hux went to get the grocery done. That being said... Kylo was a beginner and Hux had lost count of how often his creation had burnt something on the stove or forgotten the bacon to the point nothing but charcoal remained. Kylo had expected Hux to scold and scowl at his inattentiveness, food didn’t come cheap after all, but much to his surprise Hux had just laughed and said he all too often had done that himself when his work absorbed all of the attention. The only that mattered was that nothing had caught fire. The day after the burnt bacon incident Hux had returned home with a fire extinguisher. Hux stepped up the creaking stairs and made his way to the kitchen. Kylo was making bacon again and the smell of pork reminded Hux of his hunger. Toast and bacon. With some luck, Kylo was boiling eggs as well. And he was, much to Hux’s enthusiasm. The taller man gave Hux a broad smile as he was turning the bacon. “Done with the documentations?” Kylo asked when he looked at the ginger man. Hux’s hair was a ruffled mess, the tie crooked while the white shirt wasn’t fully tucked inside the pants. Hux had been up half the night again Kylo figured. “For now, yes. How long have the eggs been boiling?” Hux stepped over to the stove to peer down at the four eggs. He removed them from the stove when Kylo confirmed that it had been six minutes. Setting pot in the sink and turning the water to 'cold', Hux let the water from the tap cool the eggs as he prepared the coffee machine. This was one thing he didn’t trust for Kylo to make just yet. Coffee was something sacred to Hux and this machine, as simple as it was to brew the damn coffee, was like a lover to Hux. It was his lifeline and kickstarter. “I think I was dreaming last night,” Kylo hummed thoughtfully as he watched Hux fiddle with the coffee machine. He may not be allowed to brew the coffee, but that didn’t stop him from watching and learning. Someday he wanted to surprise Hux with a cup of coffee and it needed to be perfect! Kylo just... wanted to thank Hux for everything in the only way he knew the scientist would appreciate; a cup of strong, black coffee in the morning. “Do you remember anything about the dream?” Hux straightened, his interest piqued, mind jump-starting and alert at the mention of this. Dreaming? Kylo had never before mentioned dreaming. He had never actually been able to report back how he had slept at all since the awakening. If Kylo was affected by REM already... Kylo ran his fingers through the thick black hair, trying to recollect what he had seen. “Mostly colours... Nothing really solid. You were in it as well, but you looked like one of those paintings I have seen on the internet. You know, those melted clocks in a desert.” “A Salvador Dalí inspired dream, huh? This is actually good, Kylo, if you are dreaming then it means your brain is active even during the nights,” Hux had to stop himself from dashing down to the basement to write this down. “So it’s progress?” “It’s progress, all right,” Hux laughed with a wide smile. Kylo smiled as well, he wanted to make progress. He wanted to please Hux, make him proud and show that he was good enough, that Hux shouldn’t have to make another human. Hux had said it would never happen, but it was lingering fear in the back of Kylo’s mind. People could change their minds, couldn’t they? But the happiness that filled the small little kitchen came to a quick end when a car drove up on the small path to the house and Hux hurried to the window muttering to himself about who the fuck could possibly be visiting at nine in the morning. His heart jolted and the colours drained from the face. Not her! Why couldn’t Phasma just be content with an email correspondence with Hux? “Hide upstairs. Don’t ask why, just head upstairs and be as quiet as you can,” Hux urged at Kylo before nudging him over to the stairs. Kylo, confused as one could be, didn’t protest and walked up the stairs while he was still holding the frying pan full of bacon. Curious over what had made Hux react like that, what had made him so... afraid, Kylo didn’t walk into his room and instead sat at the top of the stairs where he could listen to whatever happened downstairs. Hux ran both his hands through his hair in an effort to fix it, corrected his clothes and tie before unlocking the door to let Phasma inside. The blonde friend wore a beautiful yellow sundress and despite her already high height, she wore heels. Even without those heels Phasma was practically a head taller than him, something that was slightly intimidating for any man. “Armitage,” Phasma beamed when she saw her lifelong friend open the door and welcome her in. “You never call any more, are you breaking up with me?” “Phasma, this isn’t a good time,” Hux began with a troubled expression but Phasma wouldn’t have any of it and just wrapped the arms around the ginger, squeezing him into a tight hug that squeezed the breath right out of him. “It’s never a good time with you and I’m worried about you. So no, you won’t chase me away this time,” Phasma walked passed Hux and entered the house. In the hurry to make Kylo escape upstairs, Hux had forgotten to put away the second glass and plate from the table. “And you have already laid the table for two, so I call this a perfect timing.” “I’m serious.” “So am I, Armitage... You have been hiding in here for far too long. Is that... bacon I smell?” She looked at the table but found no traces of any bacon. Just toast, eggs and coffee. Hux stammered out an excuse that he had thrown the bacon out when they got burned. Kylo who still sat at the top of the stairs, looked down at the frying pan. Should he walk down and hand the bacon over? Whomever this woman was, it was clear she was a friend off Hux’s but the scientist had strictly told Kylo to hide. What could possibly be so dangerous about this female voice that Hux called Phasma? Phasma came to a stop as she gave the table a second glance. Something was off with this picture. Very off. Hux was terrible at eating, something he had often confessed to Phasma at the few rare occasions they actually met in person. And now the kitchen table for once wasn’t littered with trash, but instead was beautifully decorated with what a normal person would call a healthy breakfast. Healthy... There was coffee on the table instead of a bottle of alcohol. Hux wasn’t alone in this house. Her friend may still look like a disaster with his messy hair, untidy clothes and stubble, but he was not alone. Two sets of plates and not one. Four eggs, not two. Coffee, not whiskey. Two sets of plates ... Hux hadn’t been making breakfast only to himself and he sure as hell didn’t want Phasma in here . Two sets of plates. Hux’s mad obsession about creating his perfect boyfriend instead of giving dating another try. It was the plates that made her journalistic instincts tick and she spun around to look at Hux with wide, blue eyes. “Oh. My. God!” Phasma clasped her mouth and her expression made Hux uncomfortable. Why was she looking at him like that? As if she just got an epiphany. “Don’t tell me you did it.” “Did what?” Hux felt how he wanted to get right back down in the basement, build himself a bloody time machine and go back twenty minutes in time to board up both door and windows so that Phasma couldn’t get inside. This was not good. This was exactly what Hux didn’t want to happen. Kylo wasn’t ready for this yet. No, Hux wasn’t ready yet to actually come forth and tell people that he had, against everyone’s insults and mocking, managed to create another human being. As much as he wanted see the expressions of everyone on the board and laugh them straight in the faces for being such narrow minded fools, this was still a terribly delicate time for both him and his creation. The fame and fortune this could bring Hux was alluring, but he wasn’t doing this because of his economy. Elizabeth Hux had willed all she owned and possessed to her only child so his finances was secured for another few decades. Hux couldn’t lay his hands on the money until he was 21 anyway and the interest over the years had just steadied the economy during the years Hux was still a child. Screw the Nobel prize for that matter, it wouldn’t make Brendol Hux think of his son as the true genius he really was. Hux desperately needed a drink right now, not coffee. “Don’t give me that look, Phasma,” he said when his friend had just stared at him without saying a word. Phasma wasn’t one of the greatest investigating journalists in the world without reason. But what the hell had tipped her off about Hux having done it? “I thought you were just joking, Armitage! No way anyone could create a living person, there are scientists all over the world saying it’s not possible,” Phasma was as much shocked as she was beyond herself with excitement. She wanted to meet this ‘perfect man’ that Hux had been neglecting his health for four years now. Hux didn’t get a chance to comment when the creaking steps hinted that Kylo Ren was headed downstairs. He grew cold on the inside as if the blood had just turned into ice. Kylo had been listening in, hadn’t he? Fuck! Hux had specifically asked Kylo to stay up there no matter what! But if he had heard the entire conversation -this old house wasn’t exactly sound proof- then there really was no need to hide anymore. Hux just hoped that Phasma would be able to keep a secret. Kylo had heard it all. At first he wasn’t sure what to make out of what was being said or how he should react to it. Running away wasn’t much of an option. This city he was in, which he still didn’t know the name of, was a massive concrete jungle with tall buildings, confusing street signs and noisy cars that drove all too fast for Kylo to feel comfortable with crossing a road without Hux to hold his arm. Hux. The scientist was his only safety in this strange world. His creator. His God. And that was why he was making himself seen and heard, to help Hux get away from a situation he had been busted for. Frying pan in hand and with three bacon pieces missing, Kylo now stood at the bottom of the staircase just by the kitchen entrance where the door also lead into the living room. He felt a little out of place and looked down at his feet to avoid those piercing eyes that belonged to the woman who must be Phasma. It was deathly silent in the kitchen. Kylo staring at his feet, Phasma gaping at Kylo and Hux glaring angrily at Phasma. She couldn’t believe her eyes at all. This tall man looked exactly as the drawings she once had been shown by Hux and if it wasn’t because of that, she would never believe that this raven haired man was actually a creation. That he had been put together like a jigsaw puzzle by Hux. She had to agree that Hux had a seemingly good taste in what he called perfection even if the ears and nose were a little too big for her taste. Then again, this was Hux’s perfection and not hers. “This is him, isn’t it?” Phasma asked with a tremble of excitement in her voice. She took a trying step forward but when Kylo didn’t recoil or Hux protest, she extended a hand over to the created man. “I’m Phasma.” “Kylo Ren,” He had to put the frying pan down in order to shake the extended hand and only then realized how tall she was for being a female. She was even taller than Kylo and it made him confused. Women weren’t suppose to be that tall. Were they? “It’s a damn pleasure actually meeting you in person and not just hearing Armitage babble on and on about you.” Hux groaned and covered the face with the palm of his hand before mumbling about needing a drink. Kylo gave his creator a worried glance as the redhead reached into the cupboard above the fridge to take down a half full bottle of Captain Morgan. He poured some of the contents into a cup of coffee and something told Kylo there was more rum than coffee in that cup judging by how quickly Hux drained the content in one go. The coffee was after all, freshly brewed. “How long have you been up and walking?” Phasma asked curious and began to circle around Kylo to have a better look at the man. “Two weeks, I think,” Kylo wasn’t sure and looked back at Hux in hopes the creator would provide information. Seventeen days was the answer that came from Hux who now sat on the chair, just staring emptily at Phasma and Kylo. Hux couldn’t stop anything now. Phasma had seen Kylo Ren in person and he feared what was going to happen. If she decided to publish anything about this then Hux would never have Kylo all to himself. The press would flock around this old house, Kylo’s face and name would be known all over the world and if Leia Organa found out what Hux had done to her dead son’s body... “Phasma, I need you to keep this to yourself,” Hux said sternly. “I can’t have you rambling about this in some article of yours.” The woman frowned back at her old friend. “I’m not here as a journalist. You can’t hide him forever, either... But all right, I won’t speak a word about this. But come on, you made a person! You are the goddamn living version of that book.” “Book?” Kylo asked. “Frankenstein,” Hux and Phasma said in unison before a snort escaped the blonde woman. “Oh...” Kylo knew of that book. He hadn’t finished reading it yet, but the evening he found Hux crying on the basement floor the ginger had upheld his promise to find the book for Kylo. Finding that old photograph had just gotten in between the promise. But the book must be more iconic than what Kylo first had come to believe since this wasn’t the first time he had been compared to that novel. So, did that make him a monster then? Hux diverted the conversation back to what mattered the most right now. “I was being serious, Phasma. You can’t utter a single syllable about this, it’s not your right to do that.” “I hear you. I’m not going to say anything to the press, cross my heart. But sooner or later you have to say something, or are you just going to pretend that he is your housemate?” Phasma folded the arms, peering over at Hux who poured himself another glass. She felt tempted to ask Kylo just how much Hux drank since this was his second glass of alcohol and it wasn’t even lunch time yet. “Maybe in a year or so. Kylo still has a lot of things he needs to learn and I want it to be a choice of his own as well once he feels mature enough to take those decisions,” Hux offered his creation a small smile and Kylo felt warm inside. “So he’s stupid?” Phasma asked before thinking and Hux nearly slammed the cup down on the table in anger. That was one insult too many! She didn’t understand the delicacy behind creating a person, she didn’t understand how much work there was still to do. “Oh, don’t give me that look! I don’t know what’s been happening inside this house. Far as I know you two have been doing nothing but screwing against every piece of furniture.” Kylo arched a brow at the statement. Hux had never made any sexual advances towards him and those few times Kylo had forgotten to put clothes on and walked downstairs naked, the creator had yelped and spun around so that his back was facing the naked man, ordering Kylo to at least put some boxers on. So... why would they be screwing? Kylo knew what sex was, he had read about it and may have accidentally ended up on a suspect website that made him feel... weird. Not weird in a good way either, there was nothing alluring about how that woman had sounded like a whale while engaging in a position worthy of a gold medal gymnast. Hux on the other hand grew red in the face, hiding behind the palms of the hands with a deep groan. Damn woman! He often congratulated Phasma for being outgoing and straight forward in her nature but right now would some subtly be too much to ask for? The fact she had the nerve to assume Kylo to be stupid was insulting towards both the raven haired man and his creator. Kylo showed signs of a high intelligence, he just needed to be more confident about it. Kylo just needed time. “He’s not stupid, Phasma. Quite the opposite,” Hux said with the face buried in the hands. “I don’t appreciate your assumptions. And no, we are not fucking, so you can drop those thoughts.” “But wasn’t the poin-“ “I said DROP IT!” Hux lost his patience and slammed the fits down against the table so hard that Kylo recoiled backwards. No matter what Kylo’s outburst had caused in damage, Hux never shouted like that before. He had never looked that dark and infuriated before and it scared Kylo. Yet, he was relieved that the glares weren't directed towards him. Even Phasma twitched at the sudden outburst of anger coming from her friend. She tilted the head a little, staring back down at him. To Kylo it appeared as if they had a mental conversation, letting their locked gazes do all the talking that Kylo wasn’t meant to hear. Hux had his jaws clenched together again and in the silence it was almost possible to hear how the teeth gritted against each other. How could Phasma think that was the sole purpose of creating Kylo Ren? Just to fuck him the very moment he showed signs of being alive? Hux was lonely and yes, he may be frustrated and desperate in his inability to form a relationship that lasted longer than what his rare sexual encounters were. But to have the audacity to think Kylo was nothing more than a simple-minded sex toy, that was drawing the limit. Hux cared deeply for his creation and he could see all the potentials this man had to come something big. Hux had proven everyone wrong the very second Kylo drew breath, he had proven that he wasn’t a lunatic, that he wasn’t mad. He had proven that it could be done. There were still no signs or hints regarding Kylo’s sexuality and even if Kylo Ren turned out be straight, or if he turned out to be unable to have deeper emotions for someone, then Hux would accept that, no matter how bitter he may be about the fact. Yes, he had perhaps thought about trying to alter the microchip in some way that would make Kylo resemble an attraction to his own gender, but then that wouldn’t be real. It needed to be real. It needed to be perfect! “Armitage...” Phasma broke the silence with a sigh, trying to plead to Hux with softness of her voice. “We’re done here, get out of my house,” Hux snarled. He was not going to sit here and listen to any of this anymore. He wanted to be alone. Phasma turned the attention over to Kylo but she couldn’t get any alliance from the raven haired creation either. “Call me when you have calmed down,” Phasma scoffed and walked back to the front door. There she paused for a second before glancing over the shoulder at Hux to deliver one final lethal blow. “And if you cut down on your drinking, tidied yourself up and stop acting as if everyone was beneath you, then maybe you wouldn’t have such a large issue actually finding someone to like you.” The door banged shut when Phasma left and her heels clicked rapidly against the cobblestone pathway. A car door opened and shut again before the engine roared to life and she drove away. Hux sat motionless by the kitchen table, looking like he had just been slapped hard across the face. He resisted the urge to have another glass of rum since Kylo was still there, suspecting he might share the same thoughts as Phasma regarding the drinking. Not that Hux had an issue with alcohol, he just drank to calm his nerves or just in general when he needed it. The fact those excuses happened on a too regular basis wasn’t something he wanted to touch with a ten inch steel pole. “I’ll be in the basement,” Hux sighed. He had, for once, looked forward to the breakfast since Kylo had worked so hard with the eggs and bacon, but his appetite was long gone and he just wanted to get right back to work. Kylo waited a moment, looking at the table. He was feeling sad and disappointed, not to mention a little confused over the conversation. He didn’t know all the details, sure, but there was something going on that he wasn’t aware off. Hux never really spoke much about his own private life, his childhood, friends, family. It was always about the future and Kylo Ren. Taking a plate, he carried some breakfast down to the laboratory along with a cup of coffee. No alcohol. Hux was just sitting leaned back in the chair with his eyes fixed on the ceiling. The only time he reacted was when the last stair creaked when pressure was put on it. The scientist glanced over at Kylo, unable to prevent himself from smiling: Kylo brought him breakfast. “Can we talk?” Kylo asked, setting the plate down before he took a seat on the floor, crossing his legs and putting his hands in his lap. The wounds from few days ago had begun to heal nicely and no bandages were needed. “You can always talk to me,” Hux reached for the cup of coffee. “I meant... talk. I want to talk.” “If it’s about Phasma...” Kylo shook the head slowly. “I want to talk about you. About her.” He gestured up to the photograph of Hux and Elizabeth. It had puzzled Kylo, he wasn’t going to deny that and this seemed like a proper time. Hux on the other hand grimaced, he wasn’t quite in the mood for this. “Some other day, Kylo. I got work to do.” “You always have work to do! I want to talk. For once, just...just treat me like I’m an actual human being.” That hurt, Hux winced at the words, looking over at the photo. Kylo had the right to know, didn’t he? If they were ever going to go anywhere, become anything, Hux couldn’t keep himself sealed up no matter how much he wanted to. With a resigned sigh, Hux reached to take the photograph off from the wall and hand it down to Kylo who gingerly accepted it. “Those are my parents,” Hux began. He feared he’d cry along the way since he never truly spoken to anyone about this. Phasma already knew the story, they had been friends since he was little, before cancer had take Elizabeth Hux's life. “Brendol and Elizabeth Hux. My mother... She died when I was fifteen.” “What happened to her?” Kylo didn’t look up from the photo. Elizabeth looked a sweet woman, her smile was so happy and inviting and he believed she must have had a very soft laughter. “Leukemia. It’s a form of cancer that gets into your blood. Hard to treat, but then again, all cancer is lethal and it’s a slow death...” “I’m so sorry...” Kylo gave Hux a grieving expression, lowering the photo down. “Is that why you were crying, because you miss her?” “Yes, and no. I had forgotten that photo was down in one of the boxes and I guess the memories were just too...” Hux cleared the throat when he felt the burning sensation in nose and eyes. Not now! He didn’t want to cry a second time in front of Kylo, but the creation didn’t seem to mind. Kylo quickly got up to his feet and wrapped his arms around Hux’s shoulders while the ginger leaned the forehead against Kylo’s stomach. Of course he had to fucking cry like the wimp he was... “I read a saying on the internet that real men didn’t cry. I don’t get why men shouldn’t be able to show their feelings,” Kylo was terrible at comforting words, but Hux gave away a sniffling snort. “I guess what I’m trying to say is... It’s good that you can talk about it. I would be sad too.” “Hopefully you will never experience such grief.” “What about your father? I don’t want to be rude, but I don’t like the look of him.” Hux nodded a little, not daring to move. This little bit of contact kept him from bawling the eyes out and listening to Kylo’s calm heartbeats was comforting. He had made that happen. He had made Kylo Ren into a living person. “Trust me, he isn’t a good man. Nor was he a good husband,” Hux swallowed before he continued. Kylo wanted to know. “He never visited my mother while she was ill and dying. Showed no emotions when I said she died and he only came to the funeral because it was expected of him as a widower.” “I don’t like him,” Kylo growled quietly. “Me neither. We have very little contact with each other, so you don’t have to fear he’ll come knocking on the door any time soon.” Kylo heard the anger in Hux’s voice and quickly changed the subject a little. “Tell me more about your mother. Please? I want to know more about her, but only if you want to.” He didn’t know it would be this dramatic, it made him feel guilty for having demanded this conversation. “You’d have loved her,” Hux laughed even if the sorrow was present in his voice, he gripped Kylo’s arm as if it would bring him strength to talk about the one person who triggered the interest in science in him. The wonder about life and death. The obsession of creation due to her faith in God. “She loved to read and the pastries she could cook? I could go a whole day starving just to leave room for the buns and cookies.” “I didn’t know you liked cookies.” “I haven’t eaten any since...since her death,” Hux swallowed again, inhaling deeply to steady both his mind and body. “Doesn’t matter.” “It matters to me,” Kylo protested softly, moving the arm Hux wasn’t gripping and ran the fingers through Hux’s messy hair. “Because I don’t like seeing you suffer. That’s why you made me, isn’t it, to keep you from suffering anymore?” Hux hiccupped and lifted the gaze to meet Kylo’s. He didn’t know what to answer to that question. It was close to the truth, perhaps even point on but he didn’t want to admit that. He just wasn’t ready to tell Kylo that Hux was so desperate he had to create himself a boyfriend. “They told me it was impossible, that you can’t create a man.” “You proved them wrong,” Kylo smiled a little. Hux wiped his face off with a sleeve before sniffling with a nod. True, he had proved them wrong and what a man he had made! When he carefully announced that he needed to get back to work, Kylo hadn’t protested. Just reminded Hux to eat the now cold breakfast before leaving the basement. There was still a lot of things Kylo wanted to ask and talk about, but Hux looked so destroyed talking about his mother. ** ** ** It was around midnight when Kylo closed his book and sat up in the bed. He hadn’t heard Hux walk up the stairs or enter his own bedroom. He put on a pair of sweatpants and as quietly as he could walk downstairs to the basement. The entire house lay in a thick darkness but by now Kylo had gotten so used to where the walls where that he didn’t need the lamps to see anything, but just in case, he flipped on the light over the stairs. The kitchen was empty just like the living room. Not even the TV had been turned on today. Kylo paused a moment by the basement door, pressing an ear against it to listen for any noises, but it was as quiet as a grave. Normally he could hear Hux muttering to himself even if he never caught any words, but now it was too quiet. He opened the ill fitting door and stepped down, needing to hunch down to not hit his head against the tilting roof. The basement was dimly lit and it smelled like alcohol and food down here. His foot nudged against something cold at the bottom of the stairs. It was the plate of food that Kylo had walked down with hours earlier just so that Hux would get some food, but it was untouched even though he knew that Hux liked spaghetti bolognese. Not even the slice of bread showed any signs of having been nibbled on. It worried Kylo, why wasn’t Hux eating? Was he ill? Was it because of what Phasma had said before she left the house? Or was it the conversation Kylo and Hux had been having soon afterwards...? Hux did drink a lot and Kylo had later discovered through his aimless browsing on the internet that some people got addicted to alcohol and that it worked like a poison, destroying the liver. Kylo didn’t want Hux to damage his organs, he didn’t want Hux to forsake food for the sake of a bottle of booze. But telling the scientist that was probably not a very good idea, not yet anyhow. Hux himself was slumped over the desk, arms stretched out over his head as he breathed, deeply and steadily. An empty bottle stood next to him and the glass had been knocked over. When Kylo walked up next to his snoozing creator he caught a glimpse of the diary he always wrote in. Taking and reading it would just wake Hux up since his head was practically using the open pages as a pillow. Kylo leaned down a little, squinting at the few words he could see. e’s not yet ready Phasma can go and fu just want him to feel comfort ssible to love something tha Hux stirred a little where he lay but didn’t wake up when Kylo gently pulled him back from the desk, closed the diary without looking further down at it even if he was more than tempted to read through it all. Maybe some other day, right now he wanted to get Hux to bed. He lifted the sleeping ginger up in his arms, not too heavy despite their similar heights, but maybe Kylo was just a strong person in general? There was an obvious difference between them when it came to muscles and build. Hux nuzzled his head against Kylo’s chest in his sleep, the warmth making him smile vaguely. Kylo couldn’t help but to smile to himself, his creator looked so innocent and peaceful in his sleep and it would be such a shame if he woke up now. Possibly embarrassing for the sleeping man. Careful about where he placed his feet, Kylo moved back up the stairs to the upper floor, this time thankful for at least leaving the light on by the stairs due to this darkness that was only broken by the headlights from passing cars. Kylo hadn’t even noticed that it was raining until he glanced out the window. The master bedroom was a complete mess, clothes lay everywhere on the ground and the bed hadn’t even been made. For being a perfectionist when it came to science, Hux sure was a messy man when it came to organizing his life and belongings. Kylo took a bigger step over a pile of discard boxers and slowly leaned down to place Hux on the soft mattress. Hux made a smacking with his tongue as he turned onto his side, facing Kylo, who had frozen in place. But Hux was still asleep. He couldn’t undress Hux without waking him up but the least Kylo could do was to undo the tie so Hux wouldn’t risk strangling himself in his sleep. He put the tie away, took off the socks and moved the quilt over his creator. It didn’t take long for Hux to snuggle himself up in the quilt, curling into a fetal position with an expression of utter bliss. Kylo got down on one knee as he watched his creator in the dark, trying to hold his breath on occasion to prevent breathing in the alcohol on Hux’s breath. Hopefully the ginger would be in a better mood in the morning. Sneaking quietly, Kylo tiptoed his way out from Hux’s room, closed the door and walked back into his own smaller living space. The arm tingled for a moment as if Kylo had been sleeping on it and blocked the blood flow, then came the stabbing in the chest that forced the man down on his knees. He pressed a palm over the chest, nails digging into the skin as if he was trying to clutch the heart. Then there was another stab and this time Kylo grunted in pain. This wasn’t something he was used to, the bells in Kylo’s head ringing on full volume. Hux. He have to wake Hux up and tell him something is wrong. Kylo fought to get back up on the feet, almost collapsing against the wall. Something fell down to the floor but he didn’t care about the loud thud. If it woke Hux up, then good. The stabbing in the chest spread an annoying prickling feeling down his left arm and he began to feel numb. He managed to get his bedroom door open, stumbled forward until he crashed against Hux’s door and as it slid open he collapsed down on the ground. The last thing he heard before things turned black was Hux’s screams as he scrambled out of his bed. Chapter 5 : Broken Heart Diary entry Nr: 293 Year: 2020 If I can’t figure out what is wrong with Kylo then I fear he is going to die. I can’t let that happen, I can’t let him disappear on me now! He just came crashing into my bedroom yesterday and I woke up to him clutching his heart. The realization that I was even the bedroom and not in the basement only occurred to me far later on. He must have carried me upstairs. I have Kylo sedated and hooked up on the electric pump, it will keep him alive for now but it’s just a short term solution. If his heart is the problem as I suspect, then a surgery needs to be conducted. I’m not a doctor! Yes, I’m aware that I got the organs in there and replacing a heart by now is certainly something I’m qualified for, but he was dead back then. Almost three weeks ago he was nothing but a dead body on a medical table. Now he is... something much more than that. If I can’t save Kylo Ren, then all my hard work is for naught. If I can’t save his life then I haven’t achieved anything... Is this my punishment for having played God? For having defied the set rules between life and death? Has he been exhausting himself in his daily work-out routine that I have given him or have I missed vital signs during the medical check-ups? What have I done wrong?! I can’t be without him! The ECG was the only sound in the room. Its constant and rhythmic beeping was to no real comfort for Hux who sat next to Kylo, running the hands through the black hair while trying to think. Going over the documentations for the past three weeks gave him no insight in this matter and Hux was running out ideas. What could be causing this? The only logical explanation he could come up with was that the heart was either bad from the get-go, one of the dangers of black market organ shopping, or that the body had a delayed immune response now that Kylo was off the immune suppression medication and finally begun to reject the organ. But Kylo had never before complained about chest pains. Another theory, one that Hux loathed to even consider, was that creating a human wasn’t as much of a possibility that he had hoped for, not in the long term. It was a thought that made Hux feel sick to his stomach, one he would consider only as last resort reason. But he hadn’t failed in making Kylo Ren! He had been up and walking for three weeks, he had been eating and drinking like any person and his body had absorbed all the nutrients it needed. Granted that Hux also gave Kylo supplements as a precaution to make absolutely certain his creation got everything he needed. Hux would need to open Kylo up to properly find out what had happened. He would have to remove the heart and investigate it, sample it. He would need to turn every stone and examine every single corner to ensure it never would happen again. But he needed certain surgery tools, not to mention more blood. Asking an old college friend for help was completely out of the question. He didn’t need actual surgeons to poke around inside Kylo. Hux was fully able to do this himself, but he had no option but to obtain a heart and blood on the black market once more. “I will be back as soon as I can,” Hux leaned down and planted a kiss on Kylo’s forehead before leaving the house. He knew where to go, but it was a two hour drive away and leaving Kylo alone for so long pained him. But there was no other option. He didn’t trust Kylo’s safety in anyone’s hands but his own. Stepping into the driver’s seat of his old car, he gave the grey wooden house a long glance before putting the gearbox in reverse, starting to back out on the road. Kylo had to be strong, he had to know that Hux would come to help him. Kylo trusted him... The man had said so himself and Hux didn’t question the honesty in those words. But Hux wasn’t a god, he was just a man who pretended to do the work of a god and was failing at it. No, not failing! Kylo wasn’t dead. As long as Hux focused on the task at hand Kylo would come to survive this. A new heart would solve the critical matter, and Hux could then figure out what had gone wrong so that it could be prevented from ever happening again. As the car began to enter the more shadier parts of the city, bungalows and skyscrapers gradually changed to shacks with dire need of renovations, old concrete complexes with some windows boarded up, hookers walking the streets while teenagers hung out on the badly kept soccer fields. The houses appeared with more and more empty space between them. On high advertisement boards propaganda for the First Order urged all able bodied people to join the military forces to fight for a country that was promising security and freedom for its citizens. It made Hux grimace when he saw the image of the supreme leader on the billboards. Snoke... For over thirty years Snoke had been ruling the country as the sole leader. At first he had been just a president but something happened when his eight years were about to pass. He took over. With a well-organized plan he had managed a coup, bringing the goverment and senate down on its knees before proclaiming himself the Supreme Leader. People had been both celebrating and crying in dispair. To some people Snoke was the saviour they needed, a man who wasn’t afraid to take action. To others, he was a brutal dictator. A monster. For the common man like Armitage Hux, it hadn’t changed anything. He was the son of a lieutenant general and a somewhat respected scientist if one looked away from his mad obsession. To Hux, Snoke was just a fact he couldn't look away from. A ghoul. The car slowed down to let an elder woman pass the street. It gave Hux time to look out the side window and grimace at the rotten state this suburban area had fallen into. It wasn’t worth investing in a restoration apparently. Hell, even the school he was looking at now had half a clock ticking above the front doors. The top floor looked completely vandalized and the playground served as a gathering place for the homeless. He doubt the school was even open for usage and God knew what lurked inside there. For an insane moment, Hux contemplated the idea of moving Kylo and all of the research in a place like that where no one would ever come look for the created man. But that was a just a big speculation to a what if someone found out about Kylo Ren. Hux had to put his trust to the fact Phasma would keep her mouth shut. If their twenty years of friendship meant anything to her, she would keep the secret. If not... Hux shuddered at the thought of how far he might be willing to go for Kylo Ren and his safety. Another car honked aggressively behind Hux and he jolted. The old lady crossed the street some time ago and Hux had gotten lost in his own world again. After a quick glance in the rear view mirror, he stepped on the gas and moved forward again. Took to the left and continued down houses that all looked the same; brick buildings with the white paint falling off after years of neglect and degradations. He finally stopped at a house which on the outside looked boarded up and abandoned. But Hux knew better, he knew perfectly well what was inside that house and how much poorer he would be once he drove back to Kylo. But it was worth it. Any price was worth it. Hux turned off the engine, put on a cap and stepped out of the car only to reach out for the trunk to take out a leathery vintage doctor’s bag. He walked up the half rotten stairs to the frontdoor of the bungalow and knocked accordingly. Tap-taptap-tap-taptaptap. The door opened only slightly after a minute or two and a pair of brown eyes peeked out, staring skeptically at Hux. “It looks like it might rain.” “Shame I left the umbrella in the basement,” Hux said without hesitation. The door slammed shut again and Hux could hear a rustling from the other side as safety chains were pulled off from the locks and the door opened again so that Hux could walk inside. The organ dealer that Hux had gotten familiar with over the course of the year was a shorter man, a bit chubby with an almost puppy-eyed expression, bordering on being a constant wreck of nerves by how he was fiddling with his sleeves, rubbing his wrists. The house was only dimly lit and had a smell of... morgue and copper. All windows were boarded up and the torn curtains threatened to fall down any given moment. A computer in the far end of the living room showed a paused sex-scene and Hux grimaced. Caught the fucker right in the middle of rubbing one out. Now that Hux thought about it, he had never seen Kylo have an erection or him ever mentioning it. Maybe he already knew what it was and why? But that was a thought to explore later, after Kylo was out of danger. “I need a new heart and three gallons of blood. O positive,” Hux cut straight to the chase, he didn’t want to stay here any longer than what his dealer wanted. The dealer never asked questions, it would be bad for business and he had learned that Hux paid well for not having questions asked. So he told Hux to wait while he went downstairs to bring out the goods. Hux stayed in the hallway, not wanting to walk anywhere near the living room. Who knew what kind of grime and other bodily fluids could rest on the surfaces of the walls and furnitures. Hux lifted his gaze, staring up at what could be mold on the ceiling. It made him grimace. If this got anywhere near the organs that was kept in the basement, then everything would be soiled and ruined. For a brief moment Hux wondered if this mold had somehow gotten to Kylo’s heart, causing a subtle deterioration, which would have stressed the organ and lead to the heart attack, but then it would have shown signs far earlier. It was more logical that the heart was faulty from the very start. The dealer came back up from the basement, holding a cooling box made for organ transportation. The three gallons of blood was kept in a different box. He set them down on the floor, giving Hux a watery look before the attention drew to the vintage doctor’s bag that Hux was still holding onto. The ginger squinted at the dealer. “Is the heart matching the blood type? That is highly important.” “It’s a match, trust me. What happened the other one I got you?” The dealer was simply just curious since Hux had paid good money for the heart three weeks ago and now he was here again, demanding a new heart. “It failed.” “Huh... Well, you can get discount,” The dealer sniffled before he handed the two coolers over to Hux. “Five grand.” “For both?” “Yeah.” Hux nodded, it was a price he wasn’t going to haggle with. Five thousand was pretty decent considering the discount. He opened the doctor’s bag, taking out few thick bundles of bills that quickly changed owners. The dealer didn’t have to count the money to know the sum was correct, he had a gut feeling that Hux was a reliable man when it came to paying. So far he had never complained about the prices even if the dealer demanded more than what people did out on the streets. On the other hand; he kept the organs in a perfect environment. Hux turned and left the house. He needed to head back to Kylo as quickly as the speed limits allowed for. Surgery was a delicate matter and despite the need for a strong drink, Hux had to stay clear from alcohol until he had been able to replace the heart. If Kylo didn’t survive this, he might have to start over again. How, he wasn’t sure of yet, but it was worth trying to come up with a contingency plan. ** ** ** “Are you certain about this?” “I saw it with my own eyes, Sir. He actually did it.” “Interesting... Didn’t expect him to have the potential to go through with it. This is certainly a breakthrough.” “What are you intending to do?” “What is necessary for the country, of course. Armitage has just changed the rules for life and death. This is something he will be most interested in.” “And his creation... Kylo Ren?” “Confiscated, naturally. It’s an illegal business to buy organs from the black market.” “And Armitage?” “Don’t worry about that boy.” ** ** ** The scalpel cut through the organ, revealing the right atrium of the heart. Hux had cleaned and washed the heart thoroughly, and sat hunched over at his desk with the heart on a metal tray in front of him. To keep himself from going insane by the ECG’s constant beeping, he had put on some classical music, letting the tones of Beethoven's ninth symphony soothe his nerves. The surgery had gone surprisingly well given how Hux lacked all the proper equipments but as long as the environment had been sterile enough, he figured it would work. He had after all been able to insert a heart before, while the only difference now was that Kylo was alive. But he had survived. There had been no flat lining, no convulsion, no sudden stops. It had gone almost too well and for a critical mind, it was worrisome. Yes, Hux knew he was good at what he was doing, but he also knew that too much confidence could mean the difference between failure and success. He had learned that the hard way many years ago. He couldn’t tell when Kylo would wake up, but he wasn’t going to sleep while his creation was unconscious and doped up. There was still too much work to be done... For example, he had to figure out what had gone wrong with the first heart. The first thing he had noticed was that the heart lacked signs of rejection, so it hadn’t been that. On the outside the heart appeared to be in perfect health, but the more Hux dissected the heart, opening the valves, the more he grew aware of what had caused it all. Scar tissues. They looked old but they were there, hidden behind the muscles and the valves. This heart hadn’t been healthy from the start at all! Hux felt a lump of ice gathering in his stomach and he reached for the glass next to him to strengthen himself. Of course! How could he have been so stupidly naive to think that the organs would be in perfect conditions when bought on the black market? How could he be so ignorant to not think that something would go wrong?! Kylo could have died because of Hux’s error. “Fuck...” Hux whispered to himself and put the heart back down before leaning back against the chair. He took off the disposable latex gloves, throwing them away in the bin under the office desk. Faulty heart. It shouldn’t make him feel so relieved in this horror, but it proved that Hux hadn’t done anything wrong. It proved that Hux had done everything perfectly from theory to practice and that this heart was just an error he couldn’t be blamed for in the name of science. There was of course one way he could ensure that the heart would never be in danger again, but it might take more engineering than what he was capable off. Artificial hearts were used for surgery, so what didn’t say that Hux couldn’t make an artificial heart that would permanently replace an organic one? It would take years of planning, constructing, researching to even calculate the possibilities, but the idea was there. Just like the idea of creating a man. It was worth thinking about. It was worth every spend hour down here for Kylo’s sake and future. Hux pushed the chair back, got up on shaky legs only to be reminded that he once again hadn’t been eating for days and the only liquid came from whiskey and coffee. The thought of food struck him and how Kylo would have come down with a plate of food just so that Hux got something solid in his body. That made him want to choke and he quickly sat back down again. Everything Kylo had done was to look after Hux, take care of him eating, carry him to bed. His beautiful and perfect Kylo Ren who never once complained about how Hux hid away in his research and constant strife for perfection. His handsome creation whose smile and laughter could bring Hux down on his knees and just weep in pure awe. There was no question about it, now was there? He had fallen in love with his creation. His Kylo Ren. It was what he had expected of course, but he had never fully experienced this sort of feeling before. Lust had always been present, but this feeling was stronger and more profound. Hux had gone from being in love with an idea, to actually love with the man himself. Then the guilt washed over Hux like a tsunami from nowhere. He had actually been neglecting Kylo to some degree... Instead of actually spending every hour he was awake with his creation, he had returned to old habits of research and let Kylo be on his own with the internet as his only tutor. That wasn’t how things were suppose to be! No wonder Kylo Ren had his emotional outbursts, no wonder he never came and asked Hux about things anymore. Had Kylo felt abandoned? Forgotten? It had to change! Hux couldn’t do this anymore, he couldn’t let Kylo feel as if he wasn’t worth it! Kylo often asked if he was good enough and at first Hux hadn’t understood why, but oh God he knew why now and it was all because of how Hux had been acting! Hux was going to need to change, he was going to have to limit his time in this basement and spend more time with Kylo! What kind of man would fall in love with a scientist who was never present? Hux had been alone for so long he had forgotten how much interactions meant for building a relationship. Making it up for Kylo was now Hux’s priority, that much stood clear. He could still fiddle with the idea of an artificial heart, but that could not take over his entire mind. “I’m sorry, Kylo,” Hux walked over to the steel bed where Kylo lay. He leaned down, pressing his lips against the man’s forehead. “I’m going to try and be a better man. Promise.” ** ** ** It felt like a déjà vu to wake up to the sound of that stupid machine’s beeping and a heaviness that weighed down on his entire body. He was feeling tired, but not enough to be wanting to fall back asleep. His chest felt numb, a stinging pain having brought him back to the state of awareness. For a moment Kylo was confused as to why he was laying on this cold table again, but the memory soon crept back to him. His chest had hurt and his left arm had begun to feel numb. Kylo had known something was very wrong and wanted to wake Hux up but collapsed before he got the chance. His ears caught a new sound that was different from the déjà vu he was experiencing. The sound was vague but still there. No words, just… violins and drums. Possibly a piano, cello. Bass. Music. Somewhere in the room music was playing and it puzzled Kylo. Didn’t people say that Heaven was suppose to be some musical and fluffy place where people went to when they died? Not that he understood that logic; people who were dead couldn’t tell about what it was like in Heaven or… wherever they went. So he must be in the basement again since that machine was beeping. If he was in the basement then it meant Hux had woken up and somehow realized what was wrong with Kylo for he had no recollection of ever being able to tell Hux where it hurt. With effort Kylo moved his arm, it felt heavy as if lead had been chained to the wrist but he was able to move the arm, letting the hand trail up over the toned stomach and further over the chest where it stopped. The fingertips were touching something over his chest, stopping where his heart was. Stitches? It felt uneven and the skin so sensitive that it made him wince at the touch. Carefully he opened the eyes, staring up at the dull, grey ceiling that right now was a blurry image, but it he knew the ceiling was gray, He just... needed time. His eyes needed to get adjusted to the brightness of the room. Something orange hoovered over his sight all of a sudden. Kylo recognized that orange blur and he smiled, feeling how his tired muscles protested against being used. Hux. His creator and apparently, now his savior. “How are you feeling?” Hux asked and Kylo could hear the worry in the voice, the tiredness. The ginger mustn’t have been sleeping again. “How...long?” Kylo asked, the words feeling thick, as if his tongue was having a hard time forming the words. He blinked rapidly and his vision gradually grew more and more clear. He saw what a wreck Hux was. Hux’s hair looked unwashed and the stubble on his face was thick. Yeah, he had been unconscious for at least a couple of days judging by the state Hux was in. “Three days. It was your heart.” Kylo’s fingers moved over the stitches again before Hux stopped him and moved his hand away from the wound to avoid any infection. Hux hadn’t been able to patch it up again since he was in the middle of cleaning the stitches when Kylo decided it was time to wake up. He reached for the medical tape and a piece of cotton, setting it over the healing skin in case Kylo was going to be poking around there again. “What did you...do?” Kylo felt the need to talk to keep the tiredness away. He wanted to sit up but he couldn’t. The body was refusing to listen and the raven haired man made no further attempts. He may just lay here for a little while more. “Heart transplant. The one I have gave you at first was damaged, I didn’t see it at first and it was an error on my behalf. I put your life in danger in my ignor-“ “Stop,” Kylo interrupted with a frown. Hux fell dead silent, not used to the firmness in his creation’s voice before. Kylo had always been so... gentle? Careful maybe. “I’m not so stupid than that I don’t understand. This wasn’t your fault. So just... stop.” “Kylo...” Hux sank down and sat on the edge of the bed, looking down at the dark haired man who was staring right back up at the creator. He was fully aware that Kylo was far from being stupid, but this was partially Hux’s fault the way he saw it. Logically it wasn’t. The scar tissue couldn’t have been seen without a dissection, but still; Hux put that heart inside Kylo’s body. “When was the last time you slept?” Kylo proceeded to ask, trying to sit up again but his body still refused to listen to any form of command. It felt as if his head completely dislocated from the rest of him. “I have slept on and off,” Hux said with a sheepish laughter. “Not...good enough. Sleep... I’m awake and alive.” It was draining to talk and Kylo felt the tiredness tugging at him again, felt the wish to sleep as well. When his eyelids fought to stay open, Kylo felt how Hux shifted and laid down on his side in the steel bed, face turned towards Kylo as he was using the other man’s naked shoulder as a pillow. Kylo couldn’t define what he felt expect that he liked the gesture. He lifted the thick blanket that was over him and offered some of it to Hux to shifted closer to his creation, sharing both body heat and blanket. With an arm over Kylo’s stomach, Hux began to feel the exhaustion take control and this time he didn’t even try to resist the urgent need for a few hours of sleep. If something would happen to Kylo, at least Hux would be close. Kylo watched as his creator fell asleep, turning his head a little to hide his face against the copper coloured mess of hair. Something hand changed in Hux, he had never needed to be this close before and Kylo spent the remaining minutes of his consciousness trying to understand it. Hux’s green eyes were softer, almost guilty but also filled with something else. Not frustration or professionalism. This was more human, more... emotional? Damn, how Kylo hated not knowing the right words to use. His vocabulary wasn’t as smooth as Hux’s, not as elegant or well-versed. Cruder, simpler. He felt dumb compared to Hux, but the ginger had never criticized it before. Maybe Kylo simply just had a different way of talking and relating, using less refined words. Dozing off, Kylo heard how Hux was lightly snoring next to him. The music had stopped but he couldn’t pinpoint when it had ceased. Didn’t matter really. He just wanted to... wanted to focus on that snoring. His mind began to struggle to form thoughts and Kylo eventually surrendered to the inability when he slumbered again, holding onto Hux with a peaceful smile.