"It is you." Kylo's thoughts kept repeating those three words as he laid in the snow of the collapsing Starkiller Base. It is you. He felt the rumble of the ground breaking apart in front of him. She was on the other side of the gorge. Her, the scavenger. She gave him a parting look before darting into the forrest. He felt the loss of blood beginning to take effect as his vision saw spots. It is you. He felt the wet ground soak into his outer layers. "Rey," he groaned as he finally lost consciousness. Kylo awoke with a jump. He was in a medical ward on a shuttle. He turned to take in his surroundings and was met with the image of his body laying on a cot hooked up to machines. Am I dead? He thought as he began patting his body, the one not currently laying on a cot. "You aren't dead." Said a voice behind him. Kylo, startled from the interruption, turned aggressively as he grabbed for his lightsaber. He patted his hip but nothing was there. Right, of course, this wasn't his human body. He looked for the source of the voice to find a young man with shoulder length brown hair. "Who the hell are you," Kylo snarled. The man chuckled to himself and replied, "You know who I am. Feel it through the force. You will find your answer." He looked the man up and down again. Sighing he closed his eyes and felt the intruding man's aura. "No, that's impossible. Grandfather?" "Congratulations, grandson," Anakin Skywalker remarked. "How are you here if I'm not dead. I don't understand." Anakin rolled his eyes and gestured wildly with his arms, "I'm a force ghost, didn't your uncle Luke teach you anything?" Kylo outright laughed, "To answer your question, no, and he did mention force ghosts but I thought that was uncle Luke being batshit crazy." His grandfather chuckled again, "well that may be somewhat true; however, we have some important things to do. There is a purpose for me being here after all." Kylo smirked and replied, "lead the way, I suppose?" Anakin waved his hand and a door appeared. He turned the knob and stepped aside to let Kylo walk through. Kylo raised an eyebrow in question as he shuffled past his grandfather. What in gods names was going on? The room on the other side of the door was a bedroom he hadn't seen in many years. "Why? What is the purpose of this?" "Oh I think you'll find this journey very interesting. Very telling. Just watch," his grandfather had replied. Kylo took in the scene. He saw a young version of himself laying in his bed tossing and turning in his sleep. He couldn't have been older than six standard years. "So I was little and had nightmares, what of it?" He asked in annoyance. Anakin sighed and grabbed his shoulders from behind pointing to the younger version of himself. "It wasn't just nightmares Ben, it was more than that. Look deeper." Kylo felt anger start to brew at the sound of his given name. "It's not Ben anymore, I go by Kylo now. You should know that, ghost." "You will always be Ben to me." "Okay Vader," Kylo mocked. His grandfather was starting to lose patience with him. "Ben, you know I am not Darth Vader anymore. I turned to the light in the end. Didn't Luke tell you?" "Hah! You are delusional. My loving parents and uncle thought it was the best to lie to me my entire life about who you were. What you became. I found out on the holonet of all places." "Hmm not their smartest decision was it Ben? But we are Skywalkers and we are always making the wrong decision one way or another." Kylo had to laugh at that understatement. "Well whatever, we are getting off topic. Why are my childhood nightmares important?" Anakin took that moment to freeze the memory. He walked over to little Ben and tapped his temple. Kylo and his grandfather found themselves inside the nightmare. They were standing in a dark cavern. His younger self was weighted down by heavy chains. There was a dark hooded creature directly behind little Ben. Kylo watched as the skeletal hands gripped his shoulders from behind. The creature whispered into his ears playing on the insecurities of his childhood. He watched as younger Ben cried. Something about this felt familiar. He remembered that he suffered from nightmares. The details of those nightmares seemed to have slipped his mind. He had thought perhaps his subconscious blocked them from his mind. Now he was having doubts. His grandfather approached him on his side. "Do you remember this?" Kylo didn't have to give him an answer. The creature kept whispering. Kylo walked closer, he needed to hear what was being said. He heard the accusations. They don't love you, they are scared of you. They lie to you. I can help. When the time is right, you will come to me. Little Ben was holding his hands over his ears and screaming no no no no no. Kylo felt his body fuel with rage. Why would his grandfather show him this? This creature spoke the truth. What did it matter, and why did all of this feel so familiar? Kylo snapped his head around to look at the force ghost behind him. Anakin gave him a pointed look. "Don't you see Ben, you were being manipulated from the very beginning. Don't you see who did this to you? Look inside yourself and you'll know it's true." In a way he did know. This conversation eerily reminded him of the one with his father on Starkiller Base. The last conversation he had with his father. He remembered his fathers words. He's using you for your power. Once he gets what he wants, he'll crush you. Snoke. It had always been Snoke. Kylo started pacing the small cavern with his fists clenched. He began punching the stone wall over and over until his knuckles were bloody. Anakin watched him with his arms crossed. "Are you quite finished?" "Like your one to talk, ghost." Anakin shrugged but continued, "why are you being so defiant with me? I'm trying to help you Ben. I've heard your pleas for help. I've only ever able to reach you now." "Lies, you're lying. How can you look me in the eye and tell me that? After I found out about you, who you really were, you spoke to me. You told me about the dark side and the power. And then nothing. You never spoke to me again." "Oh Ben. No. Don't you see." Kylo began screaming as he dropped to his knees. "Everyone I've ever known has lied to me. How am I supposed to trust anyone. My parents, Luke, Snoke, how do I even know if you are real? I'm probably going kriffing crazy. I'm probably dying right now and this is the way my brain is coping with death." He felt a smack across the back of his head. "What the kriff ghost?" "Quit being an idiot. You aren't dead. We need to get moving. I still have more to show you and I don't have a lot of time. Save the melodrama for later." Anakin walked over to a door near the back of the cavern and opened it for Kylo. "Now that you know who has been manipulating you your whole life, let's look back on what the force has been trying to tell you." The door led to unbearable heat. The sun pierced through Kylo's dark robes causing him to sweat instantaneously. He was surrounded by nothing but sand. The force ghost made a face of disdain. "I don't like sand." Kylo snorted, "Let me guess? It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere." Anakin glared at him. "Yeah sorry Gramps, worst pick up line ever." "How could you possibly know about that?" His grandfather asked. "Obi Wan told Luke all about that one." "Obi Wan, I told him that in confidence, and well it worked. Padme was pretty impressed with me. I even floated a pear to her. Now that's how you impress a girl, remember that Ben. Obi Wan on the other hand, just wait until I see him again. I'll give him a piece of my mind." "Grandfather, you literally killed him, I think you can give him a pass." Anakin gasped in offense, "like you are one to talk. You just killed your father you nerfherder." "Hey," Kylo yelled. "I didn't want to kill him. He wasn't supposed to even be there. What the kriff was he doing? Besides, the act was supposed to make me stronger. It only weakened me. Snoke lied to me, again. I can't trust anyone." Kylo hung his head in shame. Killing his father would always be his greatest regret. He remembered what his father looked like at he yelled his name... He was standing on the bridge staring at the man that yelled a name he hadn't gone by in years. He shouldn't have come here. Why did the man always insist on running head first into trouble? The man, his father, slowly approached him. Painting a picture of a family that missed their son. A home he could go back to. But he couldn't go back, he had done too much. Snoke would never allow it. "Your mother misses you." Like a dagger to his heart he felt himself blink back the tears. Could she really? No, he could never go back. He felt the push and pull of the dark and the light battling in his chest. "I'm being torn apart, I want to be free of this pain. I know what I have to do but I don't know if I have the strength to do it. Will you help me?" He asked his father. "Yes anything." Kylo unhooked his lightsaber from his belt and handed it to his father. Could he really come home? Could this be the end of it? The light started to dissipate and they were left in the dark. Panic started to set in as he realized that the weapon was charged. The weapon would be fired within minutes, which would mean there would be no home to go back to. His mother.... At that moment a voice in his head encouraged him. "You know what has to be done. Eliminate your weakness. Do it now and you will be more powerful than you can ever have imagined. There is nothing left for you there, Kylo Ren." Suddenly he plunged the saber through his fathers chest. This would be the end of it, the end of the pain and torment. The end of the struggle with the dark and the light. This act would be the one to solidify his place in the dark side. He felt the gentle caress of his fathers hand upon his cheek. The look in his fathers eyes that told him "I forgive you" as he gently pushed his father off the platform. Kylo felt dejected. The act was supposed to make him more powerful. It was supposed to siphon out the remainder of the light within him; and yet, he only found himself feeling weakened. His eyes widened as he felt his father die. Then, in a flash he felt the awful sting of a bowcaster shot. Falling to his knees and trying to regain his composure. He looked up to the sight of the girl. The look on her face was one of disgust and horror. Beside her was the defector stormtrooper, the traitor. He was the one that brought his father here. Anger and despair fueled him as he chased after the traitor. He would finish him off and then take the girl. He would prove to Snoke that he was not a failure. The memory unsettled him. It was something that would be etched into his brain for the rest of his life. "Ben, your father wanted to bring you home. Maybe, in a way his death could be the the thing that brings you back. True balance doesn't lie in the dark or the light. I know you are constantly feeling torn apart. I heard your pleas. I just wasn't able to reach you until now. I have some theories about though. You have a journey ahead of you. Now, we need to keep moving." "Where are we anyway? Tatooine? Jakku?" Ben asked. His grandfather gave him no reply as he led the way through the sand to a toppled over AT-AT. "This was Rey's home. I saw this in her mind. Why are we here?" Anakin continued to walk towards the AT-AT. Kylo took a look around inside the little home Rey had made for herself. There was a wall of scratches marking the days she had spent on Jakku. All those days that she waited for her family. He brushed his fingertips over the markings as he surveyed the rest of the room. "You realized something about her, didn't you Ben?" Kylo didn't respond. He trailed a finger across a shelf built into the wall. He bent down to look at the little hand made pilot doll. Kylo wondered if Rey had made this herself. There was also a dead flower, and a bell. Little scavenger. So peculiar, such a collector, his scavenger. And she would be his, he would make sure of that. "To answer your question, yes. I've had visions of her. I didn't realize at first, I did have my suspicions though." There was a loud bang from the entrance and a small child walked in. She was carrying a small portion package and a canteen of water. When she turned around, Kylo saw the three little buns that lined the back of her head. This was indeed a younger Rey, probably about 10 standard years old. He watch curiously as she walked around her home. She settled into her hammock and cuddled up into a ball. She looked so lonely. Kylo clenched his fist at his side at the thought of her abandoned on this waste of a planet. He vowed to find who left her here, who made her suffer. He would end them all. "Come on, we must go now." Anakin said as he grabbed Kylo's shoulder. Kylo shook him off. He walked over to where the little Rey was curled up sleeping. He placed his hand on top of hers and brushed the hair behind her ear with his other hand. He whispered promises to her that he only hoped he could keep. With that thought, he stood to his full height and followed his grandfather out the front entrance. They walked together for a while heading towards Niima Outpost. Kylo didn't question his grandfather at this point. He seemed to have his own agenda. The sun beat down on his back causing him to sweat. He wondered how he could sweat in a vision but thought better of even asking. The force was truly bizarre at times. His legs felt like they would give out at any moment, when finally the force ghost pointed to a vile creature setting up shop for the day. To say the alien was grotesque would be an understatement. He was large with sagging rolls of fat. His face wore a permanent scowl that didn't do anything to help his persona. Kylo recognized this man (if you could call him a man) from Rey's mind. Unkar Plutt was his name, and he would consistently give his Rey the least amount of portions for her finds. Plutt would do this purposefully so that Rey would have to scavenge more. Kylo imagined that Plutt had more nefarious thoughts on how he could help Rey's situation. This would be the first person he would kill for her honor. Anakin looked at Kylo and rolled his eyes. "You can't kill him here, you know that right? Not that he doesn't deserve it. I'm sure you've seen this sack of bantha fodder in her mind? You know when you tried to flirt but failed miserably." Kylo's first instinct was to punch his grandfather in the face, instead he clinched his fist and spoke with mock confidence, "It would have gone just fine. I carried her like a bride to my ship. I even held on to her until we arrived on Starkiller. Then I waited patiently in a submissive position until she woke up. You should have seen the look on her face when I took my mask off." "You knocked her out and shackled her to an interrogation chair. Then you proceeded to force your way into her mind to read her thoughts. Bravo grandson." "Okay hold up, first off she shot at me before I even said anything to her. She would have never come willingly, and she had seen the map. That's why I took her to begin with." "Uh huh, did you know those stormtroopers that watched you bring her onto your shuttle made bets on why you left the droid and came back with a girl? One of them claimed you were trying to prove a point to that red headed weasel. Something about how you could get a girlfriend." "Hux is just jealous. And those stormtroopers are idiots anyway. What do they know? Honestly, I went easy on her." "And what were you looking for in her mind, it certainly wasn't for a map to my son." "Well, whatever. So I got a little distracted. I just wanted to know a little about her, it's not like she would tell me anything." Anakin's head snapped up, trepidation painted on his face. "Ben, I have to go. Ben. Ben." The scene faded away and all Kylo felt was exhaustion and pain. He thought he could still hear his grandfathers voice whispering his name. His given name. There was nothing but darkness surrounding him. He attempted to open his eyes, the bright light assaulted him piercing and burning. He felt a slap on his face and a stinging pain from the gash that had been left by Rey. Kylo groaned and punched at the air in the general direction that the slap had originated from. "Ren. Wake the kriff up Ren. You've been out for two days." Kylo was finally able to open his eyes to look at the one responsible for slapping him on his injured face. Annoyance grew at the sight of none other than General Hux. His face stung and his side throbbed from the bowcaster wound. A medical droid was zipping around the room checking his vitals. He realized that even though he was hooked up to machines, he hadn't had any bacta applied to his wounds. Kylo gave Hux a look of indignation. Hux didn't seem bothered in the least, as he continued to berate him. "And you just had to let your personal interests get in the way of the actual objective. I warned you about this Ren, Supreme Leader is not pleased with your erratic behavior as of late. Now, because of your failings MY base has been blown to stardust." Hux's ramblings and the migraine setting in was a bit of a lethal combination. Kylo reached his hand out and started to force choke the ginger bastard just to get him to shut the kriff up. Hux clawed at his neck while gasping and gagging for air. Finally, Kylo relented and let him go. Hux collapsed onto the ground while taking greedy gulps of air. He may have gone a little too far, but honestly he couldn't care less. Hux on the other hand saw red. "You ungrateful little shit. I could have left you to die on Starkiller and this is how you thank me?" Force he never shut up. Kylo used the force to pick him up and throw him out of the room, locking the door without a second thought. Pounding on the door startled him from his short lived tranquillity. "We are a few hours from Moraband. I suggest you rest while you have the chance. The Supreme Leader will not be as kind." Kylo heard the departing steps of the General as he laid his head down on the small medical cot. He was beginning to question everything. He felt more confused now than he had ever felt. Killing his father had been a mistake. A grave mistake. He felt nauseous at the memory, at the look on his fathers face. The shock, and then- acceptance, forgiveness. His father forgave him in those last seconds of his life. How could he? But the feeling of his fathers warm palm across his face was proof enough, his father had forgiven him. However, he would never forgive himself. Think of something else. Anything else. He told himself. His thoughts drifted to hazel eyes and chestnut hair. Rey, his Rey. His scavenger with the light that shined so bright. The light that threatened to pull him in. He felt his eyelids start to drift closed. The light was comforting. He dreamt of her. She had her arms around his neck with her head thrown back and she was smiling, laughing. His arms were around her waist. He stroked her sides with his thumbs as he smiled down at her. "Ben." She sighed into his neck, her hands ruffling his hair. He moved one hand to her lower back to push her against him. His over hand tilted her chin up so he could look into those hazel eyes. "You're mine Rey, and I want to do right by you. Please Rey." She let out a small gasp, as he stroked her cheek with his thumb. Tracing his fingers along her jawline and down her neck across her collarbone. Kylo pressed his forehead against hers and closed his eyes. She was warm. She surrounding him in her light and he reveled in it. He opened his eyes to stare into hers. Those eyes-- bright and full of wonder. Eyes that sparkled like the night sky. "Don't give up on me starlight." He whispered into her hair as he held her close. Kylo felt his eyes open. The dream slipped away like water through his fingers. Rey's warm and comforting light receded into the depths of his heart covered by the familiar darkness. That little spark of light, however, refused to burn out. He felt the shuttle start to descend. Snoke would be waiting. Chapter 2 Summary: In this chapter we get Rey's POV. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Galaxies away, Rey awoke with a start. "What was that?" She whispered in the darkness of her stone hut. Rii'a only knows why she would dream about that. Rolling over on her cot, she attempted to go back to sleep. She thought of her days on Jakku, waiting for her family that she had hoped would one day return. Was she not good enough? A silent tear escaped her eye as she burrowed deeper into her pillow. Before long she was drifting off again. Everything was hazy, it felt as if she had been drugged. Looking around the darkened room, she tried to focus. She heard a steady beep and the smell of bacta. Once her eyes had adjusted she could see a body laying prone on a standard hospital bed. The lights in the hallway flickered on and off. It was eerily quiet. She noticed that she had a searing pain across her face and another on her side. Gently lifting her tunic to inspect the area, she found-- nothing? This was peculiar. There was a bang on the door and a voice yelled out, "we've begun to descend. Don't make me come and get you. You have twenty minutes until we land." She scoffed at the rude tone. "What in the," the body on the bed uttered. Rey locked eyes with the man on the bed. Those eyes, she wouldn't forget those dark burning embers. This was the second dream she had of him in one night, maker what was wrong with her? "Rey? How?" "It's just a dream Kylo, relax." "Rey, I am very much awake right now and you are very much in my room staring at me." "That's not possible Kylo, this is my weird dream. For whatever reason my subconscious wants to haunt me with images of you in my dreams." He reached out with the intent to touch her, so she instinctively backed away. "Please come here Rey, I need to see if you are real. I must be really losing it if I was seeing force ghosts one minute and now you." "Force ghosts?" "Kriff, just come here please," he motioned to her with his hands. Rey cautiously stepped forward into his space. He was sitting up now with his elbows resting on his knees. Suddenly he reached out to grab her. He pulled her to him, wrapping his arms around her waist and resting his head on her collarbone. "You're real? You're really here? How is this even possible Rey?" She felt him start to nuzzle her and that ignited a rage in her chest. Who did he think he was? Rey pushed his shoulder back and slapped him across the face. "What the kriff was that for?" "What makes you think you are allowed to touch me, let alone like that." She was seething. The man was infuriating. He was a monster, he killed his own father. What gave him the idea that she would ever allow him to touch her in such an intimate way? Kylo was clenching his jaw into a grimace. She heard the squeak of his leather gloves as he formed a fist. She continued to glare at him defiantly. What she heard next shocked her. "You're just like everyone else. I'll never be more than just a monster to you. I wish you would try to understand me, Starlight." Understand him? The man that killed his own father. The man that almost killed Finn. Not only was he infuriating but he was delusional. "You're an idiot," she responded. She pulled away from him and out of his reach. She observed him as he grimaced and laid back down on the cot. "Yeah, well, you aren't the only one to think that. I'd like to be left alone now, so if you could kindly..." he gestured with his hands in a shooing motion, "go away. That would be fantastic." Go away. She chuckled at that. She didn't even want to be here, but her mind or the force thought it was best to torment her. She must have laughed out loud because he was glaring at her now. "Get out," he yelled. "Get out of my head, get out of my room, get out of my dreams. Just get out." Suddenly he leapt up off of the cot and punched the machine that he was hooked up to. He ripped the monitors off that were attached to his body and threw them on the ground. In response the machines started beeping erratically. If there was ever a time for her body to wake up, now would be fantastic. She heard the sound of approaching footsteps and a loud bang on the door. "For kriffs sakes Ren. Get your shit together." That same annoying voice from earlier shouted against the sealed door. Rey couldn't help the scowl that crossed her face. Kylo must have seen it, because he had finally calmed down enough to smirk at her. He was smirking at her. "What is it Kylo?" "Oh nothing, I just found something else we have in common. A dislike for ginger rats." "Ginger rats? What?" "That man, was General Hux. Starkiller Base was his baby, he was the one that ordered the destructing of the Hosnian system. And he despises me. It's a mutual feeling." "Well, he's disgusting. Why does he talk to you like that?" "He hates anything and everything to do with the force. Therefore, he hates me. He uses every opportunity to undermine me. But enough about him. Why are you still here? I told you to leave." She rolled her eyes at him, "I don't know how to leave you idiot." She looked at him for the first time, really looked at him. She noticed the bandage across his face where she had cut him with her lightsaber. She reached out to him, fingertips grazing the cloth of the bandage. She wanted to see the damage she had done. Guilt settling in at her lack of control. She had let her inner rage get the better of her. He flinched when she approached, and that just made her stomach even more unsettled. "I'm sorry, I just want to see it, what I did," she explained. He sighed but nodded his approval. She reached out and gently pulled the cloth off. The scar ran from his jaw line and across his face bisecting his eyes. It was already scabbed over, but the skin surrounding it was an angry red. "Do I look more like the monster you think I am?" She heard him reply under his breath. "Maker, quit being dramatic for once in your life," she said. She had the sudden urge to trace her fingers down his scar, so she did just that. He hissed at the contact, but didn't move away or grab her hand. "For what it's worth, I am sorry," she found herself telling him. He grabbed her hand with his and squeezed it. "I am more sorry than you'll ever know, Starlight." Before she could respond or pull her hand away, she found herself waking up in her stone hut. Light was flooding the entryway. She knew she would have to tell Luke about these dreams, but she wasn't ready for what it could all mean. She would tell him, but not right away. *** "Concentrate, feel the force flow through you. Let it surround you." Rey closed her eyes and listened to the sound of Luke's voice. They were sitting at the top of the old Jedi temple in a clearing. It was peaceful almost holy. The force flowed strongly in this place. Rey tried to concentrate, she heard the break of the waves crashing into the rocky shore down below, the song of the birds flying above them, the brush of the wind in her hair blowing the scent of the ocean around her. She felt the familiar thread and grasped it. Slowly she felt the scattered rocks surrounding her begin to lift off the ground, and then they collapsed. "That was very good Rey, very good." She didn't agree, frustrated and angry she snapped, "For the love of-- why is this so difficult? It's just a few small rocks." Luke chuckled lightly at her. "You remind me of one of my old students." His face fell in sudden sadness. Rey wondered if the student was one that he had before Kylo Ren turned on him and ruined everything. Luke never talked about the past with her. When she showed up on Ahch-to holding the saber that belonged to his own father, he reluctantly listened to her tale and refused to go back to the resistance. He had been gone too long, Leia was wrong in needing him back. That's what he had told her. When she told him about her fight with Kylo Ren, Luke had called him Ben and requested she to do the same. She didn't want to call him that name, in her opinion he didn't deserve it. However, out of respect for Luke she did. He also requested that she not call him her master. He claimed that it had been too long, and if he was going to train her he was going to go about it differently. Apparently he had felt as if he did things wrong with his prior students. She wanted to know what happened. What could possibly make someone like Kylo, or Ben rather, snap the way he had. She had grown up all alone and starving on a desert planet for kriffs sake, and she didn't grow up to be a murderer. But didn't she? She had shot a few stormtroopers in the forest of Takodana. But that was war, it wasn't as if she enjoyed it. The memory of those dreams assaulted her, reminding her of what he had said. "You're just like everyone else. I'll never be more than just a monster to you. I wish you would try to understand me, Starlight." She didn't want to feel sympathy for him. She didn't want to understand him. Maybe she could try, just for Luke's sake. He still believed there was good in his nephew. Luke always saw the good in people. "Why don't you practice your meditation while I cook us some dinner?" "Alright, alright. Thanks Luke." She headed over to her favorite spot for meditation. Along the cliff side, overlooking the ocean. Here she could truly be at peace. She sat with her legs crossed and her palms facing up on her knees. Taking a deep breath in and releasing it out. She could feel the force in every living thing around her. She felt the threads that pulsed in the sway of the trees to the fish swimming in the ocean. She felt another thread that had wrapped itself around her. She grasped it and pulled. Suddenly she felt like her entire body was being assaulted. Pain, so much pain. One moment she felt like she was being shocked, electrocuted. The next she felt as if someone was tearing into her mind and not in the same way that Kylo Ren had when he interrogated her. This person was ruthless. She felt a crack of what could only have been broken bones. Then she heard screams. She heard a voice inside of her head that screamed, "get out, please, I'm sorry. I am weak, please." Someone grabbed her arms and shook her. She opened her eyes to find Luke staring at her with concern etched on his face. "You were screaming, what happened? Was it another vision?" Rey was shaking in his arms. Her face was wet from the tears that were streaming out of her eyes. She was trying her best to speak but the words were caught in her throat. She felt Luke wrap his arms around her and hold her tight to his chest. "It's okay, you are alright. Let's go have that dinner, shall we?" *** The fire pit crackled as embers flickered through the night sky. Rey sat wrapped in a thick wool blanket. Luke was serving up the dinner he had made them. It consisted of fish that he had cooked over the fire, and some broth that he put in bowls for each of them. Rey sipped on the broth. It was bland, but it was better than the portions she had on Jakku. Luke was watching her intently. She knew that he was waiting for her to explain what had happened during her meditation. Honestly, she wasn't quite sure what it was. She needed to come clean to him. She needed to tell him about her dreams, so why was it so hard to put those thoughts into words. "Luke, I've been having dreams. Dreams about... him." He had his hands steepled in front of his face, elbows resting on his knees. "What sort of dreams?" She sighed, this was going to be uncomfortable. "The first one was weird. I called him Ben. He was holding on to me, we were, embracing. Almost like lovers." She saw Luke grimace briefly before trying to hide the reaction. "It wasn't like that Luke, I swear." "Alright, so that was he first dream, what about the second one?" He asked. "The second one was even stranger. He kept saying he was awake and wanted to make sure I was real. Something about force ghosts." Luke hummed as he thought for a moment. "Rey, I think I know what is going on. But it's extraordinarily rare. In this case at least." She perked up at the prospect of knowing what was happening to her. Luke would know how to make these dreams stop. "Well, what is it? How do I make it stop?" Luke grimaced again. This time looking slightly guilty. "Rey, I think that you and my nephew share a force bond. It's quite possible that the pain you felt earlier, was actually his pain." "His pain? What are you getting at?" "Rey, a force bond is a link that connects two force users. Most occurrences happen between Master and Apprentice. Some occur in close family members. My sister and I have a very weak bond. This link, it allows the two force users to influence each other. Feelings, emotions, and communication can all bleed through your connection. If I'm right about this, then those dreams you have had were shared dreams with Ben. That would also mean, that awful pain you felt was something that happened to him on his end of the bond." "Is there a way to sever it? Luke, this is dangerous. He could find us. He could find the resistance. I'm a liability!" Luke gave her a sad smile, "I'm so sorry Rey, these bonds are permanent. Even in death, it feels as if one person has a gaping hole left behind where the other once was. As for you being a liability, I wouldn't sell yourself short. We can use this Rey, we can bring my nephew back to the light." "He will never come back to the light Luke." "Rey, did you think about why he was in so much pain? What could possibly be happening to him at that very moment? You realize how much pain you were in, imagine what he must have been feeling. I failed him Rey. I failed him when he needed me the most. He was preyed upon as a child. Han, Leia, and myself were too busy to notice. We chalked it up to it being a kid with nightmares. Snoke plagued him. He manipulated him. And now it seems he is abusing him in a physical way. I can't give up on him. I won't give up on him. He's my nephew, and I love him. I need to prove to him that he is good enough, that it was my failure as a Master." Luke had never shared so much of his past before. She still held a lot of resentment and anger towards Kylo. However, Luke was adamant about him being a victim of abuse. And that pain, she couldn't deny that. Wherever he was, he was being tortured. The memory of those screams in her head, and the crack of bones. Why would he follow someone who abuses him so? Standing by the fire pit, Luke bid her a goodnight as he walked down to his hut. "We will make a plan in the coming days, and discuss this revelation further." At that, he disappeared inside his hut. Rey looked up at the night sky, littered with stars. The light from the moon shining down upon the ocean water. She reached for that familiar thread in the force. She was assaulted with emotions, his emotions. He felt defeated, afraid, disappointment, betrayal, and a suffocating loneliness. She pushed a thought out to him, a comfort to surround him in his time of need. "Boy of the darkness and the light, I finally understand." Notes: The update schedule won't be this fast, I just happened to have the second chapter half way done. The muse can be fickle. I hope to update once a week or so. Chapter 3 Summary: **Trigger Warning** for mentions of torture and starvation. It's not that graphic, and some parts in between are important to the story so I highly suggest reading it. But you can skip to the break if needed. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Three days. Three days he had been locked away in this cell. His wrists bound in Force repressing binders. Three days without food, three days with only little water given to him. The water, though needed was vile and cloudy in consistency. This was Snoke's punishment. The last thing he remembered was bleeding out on the cavern floor at the feet of his Master. The Supreme Leader sat upon his throne with a look of disappointment etched across his face. He had used Force lightening on him, and dislocated his shoulder with a twist of his gnarled hand. He remembered what Snoke had said to him. "Insignificant fool. You, my most prized asset were defeated by an untrained little girl. You are foolish. You let your compassion cloud your judgment. Kylo Ren, you know this is for your own good. It seems I need to remind you where your loyalties lie." "Yes Master." "Silence, you are to be punished for this clear and utter lack of discipline." Kylo bowed his head to the cavern floor. Hadn't he been punished enough? His wounds from battle continued to fester from the lack of treatment, his arm dislocated, his mind invaded, what more could be done? At that moment, he had felt a gentle caress. A sympathetic gesture, and those words that whispered in his ear "I finally understand." He felt warm and protected. It was Rey again, he wasn't sure what it was or how she was doing it. He was surrounded by her light. "What is this? A bond? With... the scavenger? How peculiar." Snoke smiled sardonically at him. A bond? A Force bond, but how? Before he could inquire, the door to the cavern opened and General Hux walked to the front. "Did you bring what I asked General?" He heard Snoke ask. "With pleasure Supreme Leader." The binders were slapped across his wrists, and as they clasped shut the light that was surrounding him collapsed. He was left in utter darkness. And his connection to the Force was severed. Now, back in his prison cell he was starved and dehydrated. He could barely lift his body off the ground to reach the water that was tossed inside through a slot in the door. His throat was dry and cracked. His stomach was empty and nauseous. His arm was numb and he felt feverish. Whether it was from his infected wounds or the lack of sustenance, he wasn't sure. He could give up, right now. It wouldn't matter. He was too weak, too tired, and too injured to even reach that water. He needed that water. The stone floor was hard and cold against his back. He rolled over onto his stomach and pushed himself up to his knees, arms shaking with the strength it took to get that far. He had to go on. It would be so simple to just die here on this floor, but he needed to live. He had to atone for what he'd done. Atone to Rey, Luke, and his mother. He felt a pressure on his shoulders. A comforting squeeze. Pushing up even further to sit back on his heels, he looked up into the eyes of his grandfather. "Grandfather, you were right. He has always been using me. Everything I've done has been because of a lie. What am I to do now? Where am I to go from here?" He couldn't hold in the emotion in any longer, it was unfortunate really. The tears streaming down his face. The ache in his heart at his actions. The disappointment in his own weakness. His grandfather held him as he sobbed. He felt fingers brushing his hair in a soothing caress. "Ben, I need you to be stronger than this. I believe in you. This is not your time to go, you are still needed. You have a purpose in all of this, and it's to bring balance to the Force. You have the strength to succeed. I know that." With his grandfather's encouragement, he was able to lift himself up even further. Kylo grabbed onto the stone wall with his good arm. Leaning against it to support his weight as he made his way towards the canister of water. Each step felt like his bones were crushing under the dead weight of his body. His body shook with the amount of exertion it took to make it across the cell. He collapsed on the ground just a few feet away from the water. He reached his hand out, but wasn't quite able to reach. "Come on grandson, you're almost there." He grabbed hold onto a crack in the stone floor and pulled his body further. Just a little further, he reached out again. His fingertips reached the canister. He reached out once again, dragging his body those few extra inches needed to grasp the water. He drank in greedy gulps, making sure not to waste a single drop. The water was warm and tasted stale. It was inconsequential in his predicament. Once finished with the water, he laid on his back letting the exhaustion take hold. He looked at his grandfather with half hooded eyes. "The first chance you get, you need to get out. Go to Luke." "I don't know, never saw... the map," he gasped out between breaths. "There is another way, reach out to her." Kylo saw his grandfather smile before he closed his eyes, finally surrendering to the exhaustion. *** The door to the cell opened flooding artificial light into the dark room. Kylo squinted as his eyes burned from the sudden brightness. Hux was standing in the doorway with his arms clasped behind his back and a look of indignation on his face. "The Supreme Leader is ready to see you, I'm going to un-cuff you now. Don't do anything stupid that you'll come to regret." Kylo simply nodded his agreement. With the binders removed, he was flooding with the intensity of the Force. He was able to feel everything again, the suddenness of it all left him nauseous. As a Force sensitive, being cut off from the Force is unsettling to say the least. He was suddenly bombarded with a familiar voice. "You're alive? Kylo are you alright? Can you hear me? Answer me? You're actually alive? Maker, I thought you had died." He clutched his head as an intense headache was setting in behind his eyes. "Rey?" He replied through the Force. "What happened to you? You disappeared, the connection. It was gone. For days Kylo. You were gone." "Rey, I can't explain right now, but I promise to soon. Please, I just need a moment. I promise I will explain everything. But I need you to leave, get out of my head. Just for a little while. I'll call out to you." "Alright, Kylo." "Thank you Rey." He felt her shock through the bond. Her reluctance to admit that she had actually cared about him. He hoped she would come to terms with it soon. He needed her now more than ever. His scavenger. "I'm not yours," she yelled at him before retreating from his mind. "You will be," he replied to the emptiness inside his mind. She would see. *** The meeting with Snoke was as he expected. Snoke held his chin and caressed his face. "It was all for your own good. You have learned from your insolence, and now you have become more powerful." Kylo held back the urge to bite Snoke's hand. He was then sent to the medical wing. *** With a snap, the MedDroid popped his shoulder back in place. He was given bacta patches to place on his infected wounds and was given fluids to ease his dehydration. Kylo knew he needed to act fast, he needed to get out of here before Snoke sensed his traitorous thoughts. Upon dismissal from Snoke's cavern, Kylo was given back his lightsaber and mask. He grabbed both off of the medical cot. He needed to steal a ship. Donning the mask, he made his way down the corridor. He was heading towards the hangar when he ran into Hux. Gods, he had the worst luck. "Ren, you look less like a dying batha. Where are you heading off to?" "I don't answer to you, Hux. Now kindly piss off." Kylo pushed him into the wall as he walked past him and down the corridor. He heard Hux muttering under his breath. He smirked inside his mask. Yes, he was definitely feeling better. He arrived in the hangar just moments later. Officers and stormtroopers swarmed the platform. There was surely a ship he could discreetly steal. He would have to land on a planet and get a clean ship, that was for sure. He approached an Upsilon-class shuttle that was parked closest to the edge of the platform. He made his way up the ramp and set the coordinates to the first planet that came to mind. Then he started the engines up and hit light speed. It was a risky move and loathe as he was to admit it, he is his father's son. Once he hit atmo, he left the cock pit in the search of food. His stomach was rumbling and he was getting light headed. He still hadn't eaten in, what was it-- three days? Kylo rummaged through the cabinets until he found some protein packets. They were tasteless but he hardly cared as he scarfed them down. He laid back in his chair, his eyes burned and he just wanted to sleep. He would be arriving on Jakku in a few hours. There he could leave this ship and steal another. That way the First Order couldn't track his movements. Kylo rested his eyes, his mind immediately went to the image of hazel eyes, soft lips, and those three little buns that lined the back of her head. He wanted to taste her lips. He imagined what it would be like, their first kiss. He saw himself pulling her flush against him, one hand cradling her neck while the other supported her lower back. He dipped her low as he ravished her mouth. He peppered kisses down her jawline until he reached her ear. He whispered how much he wanted her, "I want you Starlight, my little scavenger." He moved his lips across her neck until he reached her mouth again. He pressed a deep kiss to her mouth when-- "Oi, oh my gods." His eyes shot open and heat rose to his cheeks. She wasn't supposed to see that. Nosy little scavenger. "I told you I would contact you, Starlight. You shouldn't be delving into things that aren't meant for you." "I can ignore what I just saw for now, but we will talk about that later. More importantly though, what happened to you? I thought you had died. That he-- that thing killed you. Luke insisted that you were alive, that he didn't feel you pass in the Force. But, what I felt was so strange. You were gone. Why did you shut me out like that?" "I'd rather not talk about it, just know that I didn't shut you out. Not willingly." "What did he do to you Kylo? Please help me understand." He didn't have the strength to speak of what happened. He sent her images. Himself kneeling before his Master being struck with Force lightening. The binders being snapped onto his wrists. The dark shadows of the cell. His body laying prone on the stone floor. Himself dry heaving from the lack of food. His struggle to reach the water. She was silent. He could feel her shock, her sympathy. A solitary tear escaped his eye as he squeezed them shut. "Where are you now, Kylo?" "On the way to a different planet. Where are you Rey." She recoiled at his question. She still didn't trust him. Maker, what did he have to do to earn her trust? "Ahch-To," she whispered across the bond. "Don't make me regret this." Kylo smiled to himself as he settled into his seat. He would be seeing her soon. *** The sands of Jakku were red hot in the midday sun. Kylo's attire wasn't appropriate for this planet, not to mention they were bloodied and shredded. He walked straight to Niima Outpost in the hopes of finding someone to haggle with over some clothes. He approached an older wrinkled woman in a tent full of robes. She looked positively sunbaked. "I need some clothes. Do you take credits?" "Credits aren't worth anything here, we pay in portions. Got any portions pretty boy?" "Excuse me, pretty boy?" "Yeah pretty boy, you look like a dark prince. A little worse for the wear, but a dark prince none the less. I may have just the thing for you. But I'd need to see some portions first." Kylo grunted but pulled out the few ration packs he brought from this ship. "Will these work, is this enough?" "That's perfect." She led him along the rows of tan and beige robes until she reached a far corner. She pulled out a black robe with long sleeves. There was a vest that cinched at the waist and reached mid thigh. Kylo quickly took off his outer layers until he was left in nothing but his black trousers and his suspenders. The old woman licked her lips and eyed him suggestively as she handed him the robes. He quickly turned his back to her. He didn't need her scrutiny. The robes fit surprisingly well considering his height. It was almost a perfect fit. He dumped the rest of his outfit but kept the hooded cowl. He would need it for protection from the sun, but also he was rather fond of it. He thanked the woman as he made his way out of the tent. "Come back to see me anytime, pretty boy." He heard the woman say as she disappeared back inside the tent. She's odd. He thought. Kylo had one more stop to make before stealing a ship and flying to Ahch-To. He was rather excited if he were honest with himself. He walked to his destination with a skip in his step. He quickly donned his mask and pulled his hood over his head. Reaching down to his hip he fingered his lightsaber. He approached the stand where the vile alien set up shop. Knocking on the window with his lightsaber he called out, "Plutt." The man in question appeared in front of him. "What can I do for you." "Two things. First I need you to commandeer me a ship." "A ship, don't be ridiculous. There isn't anything here worthy of someone in your status. Surely you see that sir?" "A ship, now. Get on with it." Plutt grimaced as he picked up his comm and requested for a ship to be readied. "Now what else can I do for you sir?" Kylo smiled behind his mask. He was going to enjoy this. "There was a young woman here before, her name is Rey. Brown hair, wore it in three buns. You know the one?" "She made off with one of my ships, of course I remember her. Why are you looking for her anyway?" "Is my ship ready?" He abruptly changed the subject. "Yes it's right over there," the grotesque alien pointed across the dunes. "Fantastic. Now, I'm going to kill you." Before Plutt could object, Kylo plunged his saber through the alien's chest. "This is for my Rey, you vile creature." He pulled his saber out and swiped it across Plutt's neck, decapitating him in one swift slash of his saber. He toed Plutt's crumpled body before walking towards his new ship. He was sure Rey would be pleased with him. Pleased that he eliminated the person that caused her so much distress growing up. He set the coordinates in the ship to Ahch-To. Leaning back in his chair, he gazed out the view port at the planet below. He vowed that he would find who had left her on this junkyard of a planet. He blew a kiss across the bond and pushed a thought out to Rey. "I'm on my way, Starlight." Notes: Yes, those robes are inspired by Luke's rotj outfit. And yes, Kylo has no idea that old woman was checking him out. He's clueless. Next chapter will be more humorous. Had to get this hard stuff out of the way. Chapter 4 Summary: Luke shares some of Ben's past with Rey. Later, Kylo arrives on Ahch-To. Notes: So this chapter starts out in Rey's POV and then ends with Kylo's POV. I hope you enjoy. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) There was nothing but radio silence for days. The bond was slammed shut, and she felt empty. Like a part of her was missing. She was convinced that he had died, that Snoke had eliminated him for his failings. That prospect made her stomach riddled with guilt. Guilt for not listening to him, guilt for being the reason for his torture and his death. Luke insisted that he was alive. Rey wasn't so sure. Luke remained adamant that his nephew was being cut off from the Force. They spent their days training and the nights he shared stories of Ben. The stories only served to make her understand him even more. She started to feel compassion for him. Rey never thought she would see the day that she would feel compassion for her enemy. However, Luke wouldn't consider him their enemy. The man still held out hope for his nephew's return. Maybe, just maybe, he wasn't wrong. "He was a very lonely child. His parents were very busy with their own agendas. My sister, she was always leaving for meetings with the senate. She hated leaving him behind, but she wasn't good at expressing that to him. He felt as if she put her work first. And maybe in a way she did. We all made mistakes and we are all in part responsible for his fall." Rey listened intently as Luke shared more of Ben's past. "Han I don't think ever truly wanted to be a father. He loved his son more than anything else in the galaxy, but he didn't understand him. Han never believed in the Force, and to have a son that was so strong at such a young age-- it was frightening to him. He wanted Ben to be normal. He wanted him to be interested in the things he was interested in so that they could bond. Having such strong feelings only pushed Ben further away from him." "At my academy, he was shy and closed off. The other students took this as him thinking he was above them. They bullied him relentlessly. I tried to stop it, believe me when I say this. But a lot of it was done behind my back. And Ben wasn't one to share in his torments. Ben was so strong, leagues above everyone else. There was a lot of jealousy amongst my other students. I didn't want them to think I favored my nephew, so in doing so I too neglected him. I couldn't see what was actually going on with him. I never sensed Snoke's presence in his mind. I didn't see the manipulation taking root. He corrupted him, and Ben was the perfect target. He was a lonely, misunderstood kid whose family wasn't there for him. We weren't there to protect him. I can never forgive myself for that." Rey knew what she was about to ask him would be difficult to talk about. But she had to know. "What happened with the academy?" Luke visibly tensed up. "It's not exactly what you think, I was away on a mission when it happened. I felt a great disturbance in the Force. When I got back to the academy it was already too late. Ben was surrounded by the carnage. His hands were soaked in blood and he looked at me with fear in his eyes. He kept whispering, 'this is my fault, what have I done.' I assumed the worst of him. I lashed out and placed the blame on him. He was shaking and begging me to listen and to understand. But I didn't listen, I was too distraught to process. He told me that the shadow man from his nightmares had a name. That his name was Snoke and he brought an army. Ben let them in. They destroyed everything. I blamed him, I shunned him. He ran away, and that was the last I had seen of him. He ran straight into Snoke's trap because of me." "Luke, it wasn't your fault. Snoke was the one that preyed upon him. It was only a matter of time before something like this happened." "I should have protected him, I should have listened. You understand now why I can't give up on him? He expects that of me." She nodded in silence as they sat together in the field where they trained. Luke gave her a shaky smile and told her he would be meditating. He suggested she do the same. Rey acquiesced and retreated to her favorite spot to meditate. *** Her mind was not focusing. She huffed in irritation at herself. Rey was about to give up entirely when she was bombarded with the opening of the bond. Shock and relief flooded her senses. He was alive, Luke was right. He was alive. She screamed at him over the bond, asking him if he was okay, what happened, why he closed the bond. He promised he would explain everything. She needed to tell Luke, likely he already knew. *** He was on his way here, because she had told him where they were. Gods, was she an idiot? Rey had mentioned this to Luke and he had a mix of emotions. He was happy that Ben got away but nervous about the confrontation. Luke insisted it would be in his best interest to lay low and let Rey approach Ben first. She knew how Kylo, or Ben rather, felt about her. He wouldn't hurt her, but he might hurt Luke. She waited in the clearing as she felt his Force signature grow stronger. Soon she was seeing a ship approaching and landing deftly. Rey remarked at his innate skill. A skill he most likely learned from-- no she wouldn't think about that right now. The ramp lowered as his towering gate appeared. He was wearing that damn mask. Why in kriffs sake was he wearing that thing? Her stomach flipped at the thought that he might have been playing them this whole time. And she and Luke were all too eager to fall into his trap. Anger fueled her body as she reached for the Skywalker lightsaber. Kylo starting speaking, "Starlight, I have-- what the kriff?" And she was swinging the saber at him. He parried her slash with his own crackling saber. "Rey, what has gotten into you?" She didn't listen to him. Her body attacked on its own volition. He was on the defensive, striking to disarm not to hurt her. Once she had come to the realization, it was too late. She had him backed up to the cliff side. His foot slipped and suddenly she was lunging for him grabbing onto his tunic with both of her fists. She pushed him to the ground and stood abruptly. Then-- oh no. She was losing her balance and toppling over the side of the cliff side. Was this how she was going to die? Rey thought as she free fell into the cascading waves. Growing up on Jakku, she never had a reason or a need to learn how to swim. Now, she realized how that skill should have been mastered upon arrival on this island. She hit the water hard and her lungs instantly filled with water. She tried to push her arms to the surface but the burn in her muscles made it impossible. She felt her eyes start to close as the lack of oxygen took hold. She thought of brown eyes, full lips, and dark curly hair. Then there was nothing but darkness. ******************************* Kylo jumped up from the ground and reached out to Force freeze her, but she had already tumbled over the edge. No, no, no, no, no. He had just arrived, he had just gotten to her. He would not lose her now. Without wasting another second he ripped his helmet off and threw it out of the way. His boots and tunic were next, leaving him in his trousers and suspenders. Then, he leapt off of the cliff and dived into the icy water below. He frantically searched through the water, where was she? Why couldn't he find her. The panic started to set in, she most likely didn't know how to swim. She grew up on that trash dump of a planet. Then he remembered the bond. He felt for her through the Force, there-- she was deep below the surface, unconscious. He needed to hurry. Kylo swam intently until he reached her lifeless body. She was so small, he would kill himself if he was too late. He grabbed her waist with one arm while pushing to the surface with the other. They broke from the surface and Kylo took a large breath, Rey wasn't breathing. No, no, no. He couldn't lose her. Planets would burn for this. Jakku would burn for this. He couldn't lose her, he wouldn't lose her. Kylo carried her out of the water with one arm supporting her back and the other beneath her legs. Much like the time he carried her to his ship. That first moment he had met his scavenger girl. He placed her gently on the sandy bank. A figure appeared out of the corner of his eye. "Stay back, don't touch her," Kylo yelled. His uncle had a worried look on his face, but he didn't make any move to come closer. Kylo remembered what had to be done in situations like these. When someone was drowning. He held her nose and placed his lips upon hers to breathe in air. He used the Force to pump her chest and soon she was coughing up water. She was still unconscious. He felt her Force signature, she was alive. She was still here, but-- she was still not breathing. He held her nose again and placed his lips on hers again. Breathing the life back into her. His lips were on hers when she opened her bright hazel eyes, and weren't they the most beautiful shade of green. His heart soared, she was alive. Then he felt a punch to his eye. He screamed out in pain as he looked down at his angry scavenger. "Rey, Rey, Rey, calm down! Ben saved your life." His uncle was defending him? She was gasping for breath as Luke helped her to her feet. "Why were you kissing me?" "I was resuscitating you." "Why were you wearing the mask?" She approached him then, just a foot away from him. He could feel his ears turning red in his embarrassment. "I wasn't ready for you to see the monster behind the mask." She closed the distance and traced her fingers along his scar. "You aren't a monster, Ben." He couldn't help himself as he grabbed her waist and pulled her to his chest. He had almost lost her. He wrapped his arms around her back bringing her in for a tight hug. She rested her cheek against his shoulder as he buried his face in her hair. The salty scent of the ocean palpable in their embrace. Luke let out a nervous cough. Rey jumped out of his embrace. He missed her already. But there would be plenty of time for that later. "We should probably get you both into some dry clothing and by the fire. I'll make some soup and then we can all... talk." Luke smiled and retreated back up the stone stairs. Rey followed his uncle. Kylo had no other choice but to follow his uncle and Rey. *** They were all seated around the fire pit. Rey had changed into a fresh tunic and leggings. Nothing his uncle owned fit his height, so Kylo sat in a tunic that was short on his arms and a blanket around his waist. Luke handed out bowls filled with the soup he had promised to make them. It wasn't the worst tasting food he'd ever eaten. It was warm and filled his stomach in a way that he hadn't had in many days. "I hope you don't mind, but Rey told me what happened to you. I'm glad you're here Ben." Kylo held his head down. They both had called him by his birth name. He liked the sound of it, but he was worried that he didn't deserve to be called that name. He wasn't that boy any longer. "Can you tell me what changed? What made you leave the Order?" Kylo looked into his uncles face, those kind blue eyes full of worry. Worry for who? It couldn't be for him could it? Kylo let his eyes drift over towards Rey and then back to his uncle. "I see," Luke replied. He felt his cheeks turning pink. Luke looked just as embarrassed. "You know, back in the day attachments were forbidden," Luke said. Kylo felt a jolt of anger course through his system. Luke would not keep him from his Rey. Nothing would keep him apart from Rey now. Not even his hermit of an uncle. He felt hands on his shoulders. As he turned to look at the owner of the hands, Rey suddenly screamed. "What the kriff is that?" At the same time Luke asked "Father?" Anakin smirked at the group of Force users and took a little bow. "Indeed, it is I," the Force ghost replied. "Grandfather, tell Luke how flawed the 'attachments are forbidden' rule is," Kylo found himself saying. Kylo noticed that Rey was staring at the ghost in shock. He moved over to her and put his arm around her shoulders. "Smooth," his grandfather said as he winked at him. Kylo scoffed in annoyance. Anakin turned to Luke and replied, "Son, you really aren't one to talk are you?" "What does he mean," Rey asked. Anakin continued, "Well the only woman he ever kissed was his sister." Then he turned to Luke and continued, "Son, that's just not normal." "Oh for gods sake," Luke said. "That is the exact reason I swore off all relationships." "You kissed mom?" How disgusting, Kylo thought. Rey couldn't hold in her laughter anymore using his shoulder to stifle the giggles. Hm, maybe this was working to his advantage. "How in the galaxy did you know about that father?" "Obi Wan," replied Anakin. "You know, that man can really not keep a secret," Kylo answered. "All you need to know is that I didn't know she was my sister. Okay? Now I'm going to bed. I will see you all in the morning," Luke replied grumpily. Anakin disappeared without another word leaving Kylo and Rey alone. "So, do you like my fucked up family Starlight?" She rolled her eyes but smiled at him as she stood up. "Come on, let's get you settled in. We can talk more about your fucked up family in the morning." He couldn't wipe the smile off his face as he followed her towards the stone huts. Notes: Gotta love sassy Force ghost Anakin. Chapter 5 Summary: Luke goes on a supply run, leaving Kylo and Rey to their own devices. What could possibly go wrong? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo awoke to a knock on the stone hut he had claimed the night prior. He would have enjoyed spending the night in Rey's hut cuddled up with her, keeping her warm. However, he knew she didn't completely trust him yet. She was still apprehensive. Luke peeked his head in and said, "Breakfast is ready  you might want to brush your hair first though." He felt his hair and realized that Luke was right. His hair was sticking up all over the place and completely disheveled. He looked around the hut making sure Luke wasn't peering in, then he used the Force to fluff his hair into perfection. "That's better," he thought. He joined Luke and Rey by the fire pit where they were both eating Haroun bread. Luke tossed him a little bundle and he opened it to find a couple of the rolls for himself. "Thank you, Uncle." He could see the love in his uncles eyes at the moniker. "Well, I'm leaving the two of you for a few days, supply run. We are down to the bare minimum right now. Rey, perhaps while I'm gone Ben can help you with your training?" "You really think that's a good idea?" Rey asked. "Absolutely! Ben was very skilled while at my academy. I'm sure there is much that he could teach you." His uncle turned to speak to him. "However, I will need to confiscate your lightsaber while I'm gone." "Kriff, Uncle, if I wanted to kill Rey I would have left her to drown," he replied. "Just a precaution Ben. Now, hand it over." Kylo sighed but relented. He unclipped his saber from his belt and gave it to him. "Anyway, I should be on my way. Please try not to kill each other while I'm gone." *** He had asked Rey to meet him in the clearing at the top of the stairs after meditation. He was finally going to have the chance to teach her. He wrung his hands nervously as he waited with bated breath. She arrived looking as beautiful as ever, and he suddenly thought how difficult this was going to be. He wanted to make a good impression. She came to stand in front of him with her arms crossed over her chest and a smirk on her face. "So, Master , what are you going to teach me?" She said it sarcastically, but he wondered if she knew that he liked the sound of her calling him Master. Maybe he could get her to call him that in other situations. He smirked to himself before gesturing for her to come closer. "Stand in front of me, Padawan." She rolled her eyes but eventually took her place in front of him, he closed the distance so his chest was flush against her back. He felt her little intake of breath at the contact. "Now," he whispered in her ear. "Reach out your hand and try to lift that boulder over there." She dropped her hand and sighed. Luke had me lifting pebbles and I could hardly do that, what makes you think I can do this?" "You can do this," he offered as he placed his hand on top of hers. He traced her fingers with his own and then flexed her hand so she was holding her palm facing out. He smoothed his hand up her arm and across her collarbone. "Feel it here," he told her as he took the hand from her collarbone and placed it flat against her pelvis pulling her against him. His fingers were splayed against her abdomen. He could feel every breath she took, each exhale against his palm. He took his other hand to brush the hair over her shoulder and away from her neck. He nuzzled her neck while whispering words of encouragement in her ear. His lips brushed against her neck, feather light. Her eyes were closed and she relaxed against him. "Now, pull from within. Feel the Force flow through your body. Don't try to lift the boulder, feel the Force surrounding it and concentrate on manipulating those threads." He took the hand that was smoothing her hair and placed it on her shoulder squeezing gently in encouragement. "Ben, this isn't working. I don't feel any-" "Open your eyes Rey." He watched as she opened her hazel eyes to the sight of the boulder floating five feet into the air. "You're doing that," she accused. "I most certainly am not. This is all you. Look at how powerful you are." She held the boulder in the air for a few more minutes before letting it slam to the ground. She turned and wrapped her arms around his shoulders in a tight embrace. He gathered her up into his arms. Oh he could get used to this. Feeling her lithe body flush against him. Her breasts pressed deliciously against his chest. Suddenly he was assaulted with an all too familiar searing pain in his head. He collapsed to the ground holding his head. No, no. He had him blocked. He gritted his teeth in agony at the pressure behind his eyes causing his vision to blur. He heard the voice, the one that lived inside him, buried in the deepest parts of his mind. The voice from his nightmares, the voice of his former Master. "Kylo Ren, you dare to defy me." "No, no, no," he yelled. Shut him out. Lock him out. Push him out. He felt the press of tiny hands gripping his face. Her hazel eyes entrancing and calling to him. "I'm here, look at me Ben." He concentrated on her face, her light that shined and cast out the darkness lurking inside of him. Snoke's voice began yelling at him in rapid speed. "All for what? The scavenger girl? I should have known you were nothing but a weak little boy who longed to be loved. She will never love you, just like your family doesn't love you. I was the only one that cared for you, Kylo Ren. Come back to me. Come back and I will forgive you for this treason. She doesn't love you, she could never love a monster. Come back to your rightful place." "LIAR," he screamed as he slammed the connection closed. He fell forward into Rey's arms. His head laid across her chest, her arms wrapped tightly around his shoulders. He was breathing erratically and his heart was pounding in his chest. "I've got you, I've got you," she said. *** "We need to talk to Luke about Snoke when he gets back," she offered. She was leading him towards the fresh water pond that she used to bathe in. "Yeah, he'll probably send me away. Wouldn't want to unknowingly lead Snoke here." He sulked as they approached the gently lapping water. "Oh please," she continued. "Luke loves you, he won't let you go anywhere now that he has you back." She started stripping her clothes and he stared at her in shock. She was down to her breast wrap and underthings. "What?" "No, no complaints here," he told her with a smirk on his face. He began to strip his own clothing leaving him in his tight black undershorts. Her eyes took in his toned stomach and chest. That's right, he thought. Two can play at this game. She wadded knee deep into the water. He could feel a nervous energy rolling off of her in waves. "Are you alright?" She nodded and replied, "Yeah, it's just- you know I don't know how to swim. So I always get a little nervous when I come here." "I can teach you. You really should know how to swim when you live on an island." She seemed to deliberate in whether she wanted his assistance or not. She eventually nodded her approval. He splashed through the shallows until the water was up to his waist. "Come here Rey." She made her way over to him, the water reaching just under her ribcage. Her hands shot out to grip his biceps roughly, fingernails biting into his muscles. Kylo let his arms settle around her waist. "Relax Rey, I've got you." She relaxed in his arms loosening her grip ever so slightly. He circled his thumbs over the jut of her hips in reassurance. "Okay, lie on your stomach in the water. Don't be afraid, I have you." Oh this was a bad idea. Rey was in his arms going through the motions. Each toned arm lifting and descending into the water after the next. His fingers were digging bruises into her taut stomach, and he couldn't take his eyes off of her round perfect bottom. He felt himself starting to react. It was to be expected honestly, he was attracted to Rey. He wanted her, but now was not the time for his dick to make an entrance. Think about something else. Master Yoda, yes perfect. Or that Gungan Luke told him stories about when he was little. What was his name? Jar Jar? Or, or, Jabba the Hutt. An image of his mother choking Jabba came to his mind. And yes, that would do it. His mother in a slave bikini was now seared into his brain. He silently thanked his father for sending him that holo while he was at Luke's academy. It was labeled "hot chick in a bikini." His father thought it was hilarious. "Why are you thinking about your mom in a bikini?" "What? No!" He dropped her into the water before regaining his grip on her. His face burned with embarrassment. She was giggling at him as she splashed him with water. "I caught all of that Ben, even the part about my perfect ass." "You little minx." Kylo threw her over his shoulder as he walked out of the water giving her 'perfect ass' a little slap on his way. She gasped and beat his back playfully. Once they were back on the shore he grabbed their clothes and slung them across his shoulder while sweeping his wet hair out of his eyes. Rey smirked at him and walked ahead towards the huts. "I'm going to change into some dry clothes. Meet me at the fire pit and we can prepare lunch together." Together. He liked the sound of that. *** They ate in a comfortable silence. Dehydrated rations weren't the most appetizing of meals, however they served their purpose. Rey licked her fingers clean letting one finger release from her mouth with a pop. She must know how arousing she is when she does that. "Can I ask you something?" She looked at him with a glint in her eyes but a her face didn't offer a smile. "Um sure," he replied. "Luke told me about the academy. About what happened. But I have a feeling he didn't tell me everything. I would just like to have your side of the story. If you are okay with sharing that." He'd never told anyone about what happened. Now seemed like the right time to get it off his chest, and he certainly had the right person here that he wanted to share this with. "I was 23 when it all happened. All the other padawans hated me. I don't know if it was jealousy, just a bad feeling, or if it was my own fault for being so closed off. But they hated me, regardless. I kept to myself, tried to ignore the voice inside my head." "How long was he in your head," she asked. "As long as I can remember. At least since I was six standard years old. Anyway, I grew up learning about my grandfather, the great Jedi knight Anakin Skywalker. He was the chosen one, and he was to bring balance to the Force. However, he was murdered in the Jedi massacre by the great Sith Lord. "Darth Vader," Rey offered. "Yes, at least that's what I was always told. It turned out that all of those were lies. One day we got notice of some breaking news from the senate. One of the padawans turned on the Holonet. On the screen was a man that worked with my mother, Ransolm Casterfo. He made claims that my mother was the daughter of Darth Vader. I didn't believe it at first, this was just some fool trying to take my mother down. My mother was running for First senator. He had a recording, a possession of hers given to her by her adoptive father, Bail Organa. He explained to my mother in the recording that her birth father had become Darth Vader." "Wait, you mean to tell me that the sassy little drama queen disguised as a ghost is Darth Vader?" "Believe me Rey, no one is more surprised about that than me. And can you believe that Snoke pretended to be my grandfather to lure me to the dark side? Well it worked. I was so gullible." Rey grabbed his hands and brushed her thumb along his knuckles. "Luke's students found out about Darth Vader being my grandfather. They accused me of being a Sith. They started beating me. Telling me that I had it coming, I was scum and no wonder I was so closed off because I was a traitor. I fought back. I tried to get them to listen, but they weren't having any of it. They got more aggressive and more violent. It got to the point where it was either them or me, and I chose myself. I was overcome with darkness, and I... well I'm sure you can imagine what happened. I fought a few of them off, killed a few of them in the process. Once I was able to get away, the voice inside my head spoke to me. He promised to help me, he told me that my grandfather was a great Sith Lord and he wouldn't stand for this. Snoke had an army. I let down the shields for them. They came and destroyed everything. Snoke approached me and asked for me to leave with him. I refused. I needed to talk to Luke, I needed to know if he had known about my grandfather and what that meant for us. Snoke told me he would be waiting for me when my family cast me aside. Luke came back and saw the destruction. I tried to explain, I tried to apologize. He wouldn't listen, so I left. I didn't have anywhere to go. That's the first time I heard my grandfather's voice. He told me to embrace the dark side. That my destiny was to finish what he started. Bringing balance to the Force by becoming powerful. He told me to seek out Snoke. So I did. And only just a few days ago did I find out that it was Snoke the entire time. It was never my grandfather." Rey clutched his head to her chest and drug her fingers through his hair. "He preyed on you. You were just a little boy, and he manipulated you. You never stood a chance with a monster like that living inside of you. Waiting for the right moment to strike. I'm so sorry Ben." "I'm not without fault Rey." He thought of his father, how would he ever atone for that? What would his mother say? Rey didn't say anything as she continued to stroke her fingers through his hair. He closed his eyes as tears fell down his cheeks. Letting himself mourn for the first time. Guilt gnawed away at his stomach. No matter what, his father's death was by his hand. And he would have to live with that for the rest of his life. *** She had held him as he broke down. He didn't want her to see him so weak. That was twice in one day that she had witnessed his vulnerability. He had left her to her thoughts as he sought solitude. He didn't want to seem pathetic in her eyes; he needed to prove to her that he is a powerful man worthy of her attention. But how? The sun was starting to set, it was a beautiful sight really. The deep blue and pink swirls across the sky and shimmering in the water. He was sure Rey loved these rich colors. What could he do or say to prove to Rey that he is worthwhile? Then he remembered, how could he have forgotten? He called out to her over the Force bond. Moments later she approached him with curiosity. Kylo stood looking out over the ocean with his hands clasped behind his back. "I asked you here because I have a gift of sorts for you. More of a testament of my good faith. Rey, I hope you know I would do anything for you. You are very special to be my starlight. I want you to know that with me, you will want for nothing. No one will hurt you." She furrowed her brow at him and remained silent. He continued, "While I was on Jakku, I met the vile creature that tormented you. You were just a child, and he took advantage of that. I want you to know, starlight..." he grasped her hands in his, "I killed him, for you." She gasped loudly before yelling, "What in gods names were you thinking?" "Wait. What? I was defending your honor of course." "Kriffing hells, Kylo Ren." Oh this wasn't good. She hadn't called him Kylo since he arrived on Ahch-To. "Maker, you can't just kill anyone that is mean to me." She was seething. But didn't she see? Didn't see understand that that's exactly what he could do? Would do? "You will not hurt again Rey, I will make sure of that." "No you very well will not! I don't need your protection. I can take care of myself, I have always taken care of myself. I can't take this right now. I'm going to bed, don't even think about following me, and I suggest you stay away from me until Luke gets back." This was not going according to plan. She was supposed to be pleased. "Wait, Rey. Please," he grabbed at her arm. "No, Kylo. Don't touch me. You can't just kill people for me and expect me to be okay with that. Please, just leave me alone." She stormed off down the stairs towards the huts. Well kriff, he really blew it this time. Now she was back to ignoring his existence. Kylo crossed his arms across his chest and sighed. He turned to head back to his own hut when he heard a voice. "Tsk tsk. Shoulda brought flowers." His grandfather was leaning against a tree with a smirk on his face. "Shut up, ghost," Kylo scoffed. Notes: This chapter was beta'd by Perry Downing! Thank you Perry!!! Notes: A special thank you to PerryDowning who looked over this chapter a few weeks ago, and gave me some good ideas going foreward.