Rey’s mind and muscles scream as she pulls along the weight of her mortal enemy. Kylo Ren is six foot five however many pounds of bulky muscle. Rey is relieved he can at the very least steady himself enough to walk, because it would have been absolute hell dragging his immobile body along on the floor or attempting to drape him over her back. As things stand, she has one of her arms around his waist while the other holds his dominant arm slung around her neck so he can lean on her. Rey remembered too late that it was the arm with the hand she had cut off. The smell of burnt flesh makes her gag, so she tries to focus on the undercurrent of sweat that has drenched the both of them between their exhaustion and injuries. It doesn’t entirely help, but she doesn’t vomit, so that’s something. The sight of the ragged, ugly stump affixed in one side of her peripheral vision only adds further to her nausea. In the other side is Kylo Ren’s profile, haloed by the light of flare-ups in the Finalizer as the Resistance overwhelms its defenses. Stormtroopers and officers have filled the hangar as they all attempt to get a transport to flee. None of them pay any attention to Rey or Kylo beyond a glance or two before they run even more quickly. By some miracle of the Force, none of them have discovered and stolen the ship that Rey had hidden when she infiltrated the super star destroyer. She heads toward where she stowed it in one corner toward the front, far beyond the parameters of standard First Order safety procedures, with halting steps. Rey shifts one shoulder to ward off a cramp, gritting her teeth. The adrenaline had run out a long time ago. He’s so kriffing heavy. It doesn’t help Rey at all that her rescuee keeps trying to fight her. It’s weak, pathetic fighting at this point, little more than half-hearted struggles to get her to let go of him, but it’s enough to deter her progress. Does he want her to die, even now? “I’ve never wanted you to die.” His voice is a hoarse, affronted growl. He’s teetering on the edge of passing out but he’s read her mind anyway. Rey simmers but says nothing. “ You’ve always wanted me to die,” Kylo says, trying to tug his injured arm away from her with a frustrated noise. “What changed?” Rey readjusts her grip on his forearm. “Stop talking.” A stormtrooper jostles them, nearly causing Kylo to fall on top of Rey. She scrabbles at the smooth leather of his belt with her left hand before pressing her hand up to gain purchase on his ribs instead. She can feel his heart thudding just above her palm as she adjusts her legs to support him and start walking again. “Why do you care?” His voice grows less angry and more desperate with every passing second. “Stop talking,” Rey repeats. “Save your energy.” Kylo has been brought to a whisper, but his choice of word conveys his desperation more than his voice ever could. “Rey.” She stumbles and almost falls, this time not even requiring a stormtrooper to run into them to get her off-balance. Cursing, she hauls the both of them back up. “Rey, please.” Kylo is not quite dragging his feet, but he’s getting there. “I know you feel it too. The Force wills it. It’s my destiny to die here.” “Sorry,” Rey says, matter-of-fact despite the sweat pouring into her eyes and the aches in her joints and the impending death that awaits both of them if they don’t hurry, “I’m not letting the Force take you today.” “Why?” Kylo sounds frustrated, but not with his usual fire and instead a quiet, hollow desperation, far less terrifying and far more sad. “I’m not worth saving.” “Maybe it’s not all about you!” Rey finally wrenches her head to the side to look at him right in his pale, long, dour face made all the more pathetic by the scar she had given him. He looks back at her dully. “Your mother and uncle want you back. They miss you. Whether or not you deserve it,” Rey forces out the words out despite the way that her throat begins to ache, “you have a family that loves you.” The irony that he so desperately pushes away what she wants more than anything is not lost on her. Rey’s jaw trembles. “I’m not letting you throw them away.” “They were the ones who threw me away.” He shakes his head, listless. “They don’t want me. They never have.” “They’ve always wanted you! Why do you think Han…” Rey’s throat burns and she has trouble seeing between her tears and the explosions and the sea of white stormtrooper armor. “…why do you think your father came back for you?” A sob tore through Kylo, one that caused his whole huge body to shudder against Rey, then another. Rey starts crying, too, because between her own emotions in the Force and his they’re a pit of deep, dark despair with only a tiny ray of hope cutting through it. Still, she pushes forward. She can see the corner of her getaway ship. “No, no,” Kylo begs as he catches sight of her goal too, struggling with more vigor than ever before. “Stop, stop it, please. I can’t—can’t face her. Not after what I did.” He’s afraid. He’s afraid he’s not strong enough, just like always. Despite his struggling, Kylo has leaned more heavily on her. She can feel his hot tears dripping on her forehead. “She’ll forgive you. She loves you. You have to have faith in that.” Rey pulls Kylo Ren the rest of the way, supporting him all the while. Notes: Check me out on tumblr.