Access to clean water was a privilege to Rey. Heated and running water? She didn’t take it for granted, even given the opportunity. A more privileged person would expect someone used to living a near subsistence existence on a scorching, barren desert world to develop a sudden fondness for long soaks or steams, or a habit for luxuriating over-long in the shower, but that was privileged thinking. “She’s from Jakku,” Finn blamed her for using up all the hot water in their shared barracks hall unit on base. “Home world, Jakku.” People believed him. Nobody was even mad, even if they’d been training or running exercises all day, coming back to their barracks a sweat-soaked-and-dried salty mess. Since she was this odd creature from a desert scrapyard planet that was the last hope of the entire galaxy in terms of being Master Skywalker’s sole surviving Jedi- apprentice, the thought ran that she deserved a little extra shower time. Of course, the one using up all the hot water was always Finn. Finn liked his showers. The ex-stormtrooper had been drilled and disciplined in every corner of his life, but not, apparently, in water conservation. To sit in the steam, drink water into her flesh and her bones where it would not nourish, would not sate, was not something someone from Rey's world would do. Rey showered and washed her clothes out of politeness rather than out of need. Even then, she felt guilty. There were people on other worlds who couldn’t get the water they so desperately needed to drink or to cook with, and here she was, just pouring the stuff down the drain. Water wasn’t a luxury to Rey. It was life. Where she’d grown up water was worth more than credits. Imperial ration stashes and access to water decided social status on Jakku. Scavengers didn’t rank too highly at Niima Outpost; if you didn’t find anything worth trading you were nothing, and went thirsty and hungry as a result. Hunger, hunger was something Rey could deal with. With a strong body, up to three weeks with nothing straight with no dizziness or fainting---she’d done it before. That was only stomach hunger. ‘More mind hunger, really,’ Rey would define it. True hunger? Hunger of the body, with only a scrap here or there for months? That had been her childhood, until she’d gotten tall enough and trained herself to climb. Thirst though? Thirst was different. Thirst in the direct sun could mean mere hours before succumbing to exposure. Stranded two days over Kelvin Ridge on Jakku and a man would be willing to trade the whole Hapan Cluster if he had it, for a single canteen of the stuff. Water was like blood. It was shed in droplets and once poured out, then it was gone. Seeing the water being flushed down the shower drain in her unit on the new (or old, depending how long one had been in the fight) Resistance base on Yavin 4, all Rey saw was lives. Lives, and waste. The lives of old women at Niima Outpost, too old to scavenge anymore, forced to live off of the charity of the moisture farmers that occasioned out as far as the depot. Rey knew they would never see or taste that much clean, clear, delicious water in the sunset of their numbered days. That had been her future once. Rey’s worst fear had been growing old or sick and weak alone on Jakku. Now, although her fears had changed, her habits hadn’t. Around other polite sentient beings Rey trained herself to be acutely aware of her own scent, and knew that exact point from where it veered from simply being a strong, distinct, but not unpleasant personal smell, to where it soured into something rank. That’s when she usually washed and showered. Today was different. Today, Rey needed to be clean in order to heal. She let the warm water pour over her body, and scrubbed at her flesh savagely, as if she were damaged goods that could perhaps be made useful again and be of value to somebody if only expertly scoured. ‘Nothing is ever beyond repair. Everything can be made useful again,’ Rey whispered fiercely to herself, tears hotter than the shower stream, lost in the falling; more waste. ‘There’s always a part that’s still good. Somewhere.’ Rey did not rightly recall how long she had been in the unit for, but the water had gone cold, and she was just sitting on the floor leaned up against the wall in the unit under the steady deluge of water, shivering. Finn was on the room’s comm. in the hall now, asking if she was okay or needed help. ‘Good job Rey,’ Rey admonished her own self, ignoring the cackle of Finn’s voice on the comm. . ‘You’ve managed to waste water for the full ten people you bunk with.’ Even still, Rey felt dirty. She couldn’t wash her mind. The memory of his touch wouldn’t go away. If she lost her focus, her calm for a moment, then she still felt Kylo Ren. His impatience, his anger, the sear of his hate, his pleasure at her fear, the insatiable restlessness, dark currents of passion that she could be drowned by or dragged away from herself upon. “Rey!” the worry in Finn’s voice had grown to an overwhelming pitch. “Damn it, Rey! If you don’t answer me in the next ten seconds I’m gonna blast the lock and tell maintenance it was you who did it.” There were too many curious witnesses now, beyond the Y-5 barracks ten bunking in 8-section, for that to work of course, but Finn was inconsolable, wouldn’t wait for anyone who had promised to run and get override access codes to the unit’s locking system. “Rey!” Good on his word, when she didn’t answer, despite the protests of the others in the hall, Finn fired on the door, barged in, and found her sitting under the water on the floor against the wall, fully clothed. “Can someone get me a blanket? Anything?! Make yourselves useful people!” Finn shouldered his way through the curious bystanders, carrying a despondent but still-conscious Rey. Someone draped a flight blanket loosely over her shoulders, avoiding with narrow skill, Finn’s impatient, sharp elbows. When he got to Rey’s little room, Finn elbowed the lock to slam shut, and in a moment of confusion, couldn’t figure out if it would be proper of him to lie her down on the pad of her bunk or not. Rey clung ferociously to Finn, so in the end, he couldn’t settle her down on the pad even he tried, and thus they settled in to sit side by side on the edge of the bed, with Finn’s arm still draped over her shoulders. “It was him, wasn’t it?” Finn didn’t even have to ask really, after the First Order assault of Ahch-To. He watched the careful, emotionless, blanket of blankness that was intentionally drawn over Rey’s usually excitable features, and lifted his fingers a little from her back, when she answered neither in the negative nor the affirmative. He placed his hands on his own legs, thinking that would make it easier for her to talk. “You can tell me about it, you know. Nothing you could tell me could change what I think about you.” Silence. For a long while Rey’s heart seemed to be, lodged painfully high in her throat. Despite all efforts to calm herself, her every breath seemed to arrive anxiously short. It was completely unlike her to break down, and yet, here she was, unable to control the shudders of her own body. “I don’t want to,” Rey sobbed, overcome with yet another toxic wave of dysphoria. Someone buzzed in on the comm. Finn ignored them. Maintenance and Security had arrived and wanted to know why blasters were being fired on base. “Ignore them,” he instructed Rey, joking, flippantly. “That should prove it to them, that Stormtroopers can really hit stuff. Yes, yes we can.” ...Hey, I saw that. That was almost a smile, Rey. ...Yeah, I know all the Resistance jokes. Stormtroopers are inept minions, that they miss everything. But you know Rey, I’m not missing the fact that something is seriously not right with you. I think, that if you tell me-” “-I can’t. Trust me,” Rey sighed. “I can’t. There’s no words.” She shook her head, then looked Finn hard in the face. “Master Luke says that the darkness always seeks the light. That it’s normal for the whole world to seem darker now, because I just felt the enormity of the light side of the Force, but that my eyes will adjust with time, and that my path won’t seem so dark anymore. But right now I’m blind Finn. I’m drowning, and I don’t know which way is up or down. And it’s like, he’s still in my head, and I don’t know if he’s lying about which way the surface is. Like, why is Kylo Ren trying to save my life? Or is he trying to kill me. I don’t know. ” After a while Finn ventured, “Can, can you, like, hear him, read his mind, right now? If you wanted to, not saying you should. In fact, I’m definitely thinking that you shouldn’t but like, you could, right?” Rey shivered. A black leather gloved hand about half the size of Rey’s head all but reached across the spare room. The gesture was caught ever somewhere between a slap and a caress. ...But he did not touch her flesh. He ripped the mist, the cover, the clothes of the mind away from her, so her thoughts, her feelings were laid out bare. Then he turned them over, seeking that place where her memories lay naked. Rey shuddered one last time, took one deep, and forcibly even (albeit faulty) breath, and straightened herself. “Yeah. Yeah I could. But then, he can do it too, anytime he wants to. If he tries.” The comm. burst again with urgent static. Security would still be wanting to write up their disciplinary report for the incident. Rey changed to subject, “So, how are you going to explain firing upon an innocent unit access lock?” Finn grinned suavely. “I’ll blame you, like usual. We’ll just tell them, yeah, the girl’s from Jakku. Poor, thing. Loving the running water too much, nearly drowned herself. She could drown in the shower, that’s pretty much all she knows about water. Something like that.” “No, really,” Rey sighed. “And thank you. But I don’t think Gen. Organa’s going to buy that when she reads this report, and she will I think, if Lt. Connix hears about it.” “-Which is pretty much a safe bet that she has already has, since pretty much all Y-5 heard me threatening to blast the door open.” “I don’t think you’re usual ‘she’s from Jakku’ is going to cover this then.” “Plan B then.” “What’s plan B?” “Jedi. Always go with Jedi if you can’t use Jakku. Because...what people are too stupid to know about Jakku-” “-Ignorant,” Rey corrected him. “-they are definitely too politically-correct to question a real Jedi about. Or fact check. Or... I could always say that I’m the one that had the melt-down. I could be like, ‘I told Poe, if I heard one more stupid stormtrooper-can’t-hit-nothing-but-a-tree-on-the-forest-moon joke, I’d break out my blaster, and prove it to them all’.” “You’d do that for me?” Rey’s eyes were shining. He’d made her smile, and forget for a while, the prophecy and dark future that haunted her. “Yes,” Finn determined. “Yes I would. I’ll challenge as many shower units as it takes, to impress you.” ‘And anyone else, who wants to hurt you,’ Finn added silently, while Rey laughed, knowing that her path as a Jedi would not be an easy one. He found himself staring at her distractedly. Finn knew that he had never seen a woman quite as beautiful as she was when she’d thrown the two muggers and beat them into the dirt with her stick back on Jakku. He hadn’t quite fallen in love with Rey when she’d charged him, and whacked him over the side of the head...That had happened somewhere between escaping the First Order and nearly losing her on Takadona...But she was the first person who’d looked at him like he was worth something. Finn felt, no, he knew that Rey made him a better man. So he got up from her bunk even though all he wanted to do was stay there. Jedi weren’t allowed attachments. ‘Rey is going to be a Jedi,’ Finn told himself. If Rey could bring him to his higher self, well he wouldn’t be the man to tempt her with any kind of life that would result in her becoming a lesser version of herself. He’d already asked her to run away with him once, before they’d even known she was meant to be a Jedi, and Rey had all but called him a coward, and the look of disappointment in her eyes... So Finn forced himself to grin over his shoulder as he made to answer the comm. . “To impress you, or to log your un-used unit time as you, I’ll do it. Lt. Connix can’t have me executed for killing a door, can she?” he laughed as he made to punch in the lock override. At that exact moment, the door to Rey’s room whooshed opened in his face, as someone had returned with the promised over-ride access codes, and Lt. Kaydel Connix had made good use of them, entering the room at the exact moment her name was being spoken. “Wrong!” the pert petite blonde lieutenant snapped up at him. Finn was a good foot taller than the green-suited Lieutenant of Resistance Security, but she was a hundred times more serious and the angrier for it. The two blonde buns secured to the side of her head practically shook as Lt. Connix declared with out-and-out venom: “Murder a unit, draw a blaster without due cause in my barracks, and just you wait and see what I’m going to do with you. Just you wait...and see.”