Acquisition The blue surface of ach-to came into view as Rey exited hyperspace. Tiny islands dotted its surface, partially obscured by the hovering clouds. Having flown without a copilot, she strained to reach the controls to initiate the Falcon’s landing sequence. Chewbacca had asked to be brought back to Kashyyyk to aid in the defense efforts against the First Order. With the New Republic leadership lost to Starkiller, Snoke had taken it upon himself to fill the vacuum of galactic power. His forces had taken system after system until his influence reached farther than that of the late emperor. To mark his achievement, he had elevated his title to match. There was little the Resistance could do. With their location discovered and resources nearly depleted, the resistance had been forced to evacuate to the abandoned rebel base on Hoth. Even though Starkiller had been destroyed, it had fulfilled its purpose of crippling any opposition against the First Order. Since first arriving on Ach-to, Rey’s correspondences with Leia had been increasingly bleak, making her loathe to even pick up her holopad. If it weren't for Finn, perhaps she wouldn’t. Updates on his recovery always made it worth it. Rey gathered up the supplies the wookies had gifted her and walked down the ramp of the Falcon. Night greeted her along with another of Ach-to’s frequent rains. While Kashyyyk had been sunny and humid, Ach-to’s bitter cold stung at her skin and breezed through her layers of clothing. As close as she was to the shore, the salt air filled her nostrils and her boots sunk into the damp soil. The heavy downpour beat against the rocky terrain, making her climb up the mountain’s stone steps even more treacherous. Once she had reached Luke’s hut, she sat down the foreign foods and spices she had been given. Attempting to bite into the rind of one of the bulbous fruits raw had proven impossible. Hopefully, Luke would know how to prepare them. Strangely, Luke wasn’t there. After sundown, he always returned to his hut to rest by the fire. He would stare into the flickering flame and pick at his dinner, offering her only the barest of conversation. Leia had warned her it might take time to convince him to return, especially after Han’s death. She’d been right. During Rey’s first week on the island, he had refused to take his father’s saber, then refused to even speak to her until she had claimed one of the adjacent huts, stubbornly declaring she wasn’t going back to the Resistance until he did. Eight weeks later, the stubborn old hermit still preferred silent meditation to saving the galaxy. Rey stepped out of the hut, ready to call out for Luke, but froze when she saw the strange figure in the distance. He was facing away from her, clad in black armor and carrying a long club. Hoping to take the intruder by surprise, Rey slipped the Skywalker saber out of her satchel and crept toward him. The sound of her footsteps was lost in the heavy patter of rain. As she ignited the blade, the man spun at her, only to have her slice off the end of his club. It landed with a thud beside them. As Rey adjusted her form to counter his next blow, her feet shifted in the mud, giving him the opening he needed to slam the shortened club against her knuckles. Rey cried out as the force of the blow caused her unsteady feet to slide out from under her. The saber fell from her hand and deactivated as it rolled out of reach. The stranger held his club over his head, ready to land another blow. Before he could strike, a fiery blade lanced through his chest as he screamed in pain. He went silent and his charred corpse fell at the feet of Kylo Ren. Rey stood upright, then froze when she saw Luke’s green lightsaber deactivated in his hand. She was too late. Kylo stood over her, his blade casting a crimson glow over his scarred face. Six other men gathered behind him, each wearing a variation of the black armor her attacker had worn as well as a uniquely frightening mask. Kylo was the only one to bear his face. It was then that Rey realized she had seen this all before. Some details were different, such as Kylo’s missing mask, but otherwise, it was exactly like the vision she had seen on Takodana—the vision that had set her on a collision course with Kylo Ren. Kylo turned to his men, muttering something she couldn’t hear. He deactivated his saber and latched it to his belt alongside Luke’s before turning back to face her. Aside from the scar, there was something else in him that had changed. The intensity she had seen on Starkiller had morphed into something more refined, perhaps more dangerous. No longer was he a wounded animal lashing out at all who came near him. He regarded her with single-minded intensity, his eyes cold and calculating, and his posture like that of a stalking predator as he approached. He shot out his hand, his fingers flexing like a set of claws, and the world around her fell away. …. Rey awoke, a heavy fog still clouding her senses. All she could feel was a pair of hands holding her under her knees and supporting her back. She opened her eyes to find Kylo staring back at her. She shoved against his chest and tumbled to the floor, then hissed as her freshly bruised sword hand hit the ground. She stood to glare up at him as she rubbed the sting from her palm. “Where am I? what have you done with Luke?” Glancing around, she saw they were in a tightly confined space with a rhythmic rumbling beneath their feet. A turbolift, she realized. “Skywalker is safe for now. Ultimately, his fate relies on you.” The lift lurched to a stop and opened on a pair of Stormtroopers. Kylo stepped out between them, his cape swirling behind him, and strode down the dark hallway. Rey called out to him but he ignored her. If it weren't for the armed men blocking her way she might have gone after him. Balling her fists, she turned to the Troopers. “What’s going on?” “His Imperial Majesty wishes to have a private audience with you,” one answered. “Why?” “His Imperial Majesty commands it. Come with us” She stared up at their reflective eyepieces, thoroughly fed-up with masks. What choice did she have? Kylo could be bluffing. He could have already killed Luke, but in case he wasn't, she needed to behave until she knew for sure. She followed them down the hall, silently fuming. Thankfully they kept their hands off her and let her walk of her own volition. The halls were the same black and gray steel she had come to expect from the First Order and all the doors were sealed shut. But unlike Starkiller, where she had snuck around groups of troopers and uniformed personnel, these halls were empty, like she was back inside an abandoned starship on Jakku. Their every step echoed around the hollow space. After a series of turns, which Rey committed to memory and filed away for later, they stopped in front of a door. It was the only one in the expansive hallway. One of the troopers inserted his passcard into the wall console beside the door, commanding it to slide open. “Wait in here,” he said. Rey stepped into the darkness. Before she could ask for further explanation, the door slid closed behind her. The locking mechanism hissed and the lights switched on around her. She blinked as the artificial bulbs stung at her eyes. A viewport ran along the far wall and revealed the star-studded blackness beyond. Evidently, they were onboard a starship. The room was enormous, with a wide bed, a sitting area, and rows of storage compartments—all bleak and rigid like the halls she had passed through. This certainly wasn't a prison cell. Nor was it was an audience chamber for an Emperor. Rey hugged her arms. It was freezing and her rain-soaked clothes weren't helping. Granted, everywhere felt freezing to her after Jakku. Hopefully, her body would adjust at some point. She tried to keep herself from trembling, telling herself it was just the cold. She could get through this. Staring at the door, she wondered how long she was expected to wait, and why here of all places. Before she could further speculate, the door slid open and Kylo Ren stepped inside. With his face unobscured by darkness or rainfall, Rey could get a proper look. The scar she'd given him ran between his brows and along his cheek before disappearing into his cloak. It was raised and inflamed, standing out against his pale, freckled skin. Even when it healed, he would bear the mark forever. She shouldn’t pity him. He had more than earned it after all he’d done. “Are you here to take me to Snoke?” Rey demanded. His jaw twitched. “Lucky for you, that won’t be possible.” “But the troopers said the emperor wanted to meet with me. What’s going on?” She crossed her arms and kept her chin held high. Kylo smirked, his full lips curling in a way that was hauntingly similar to his father. However, something darker lurked beneath. “I did want to see you. That’s why I had you brought to my quarters.” Rey’s arms fell at her sides as his meaning sunk in. “You’re lying.” All the bluster was gone from her voice, leaving it quiet and trembling. “Afraid not. It is a time-honored tradition for adherents of the dark side of the force to depose their masters once they no longer require their teaching. It was inevitable.” Rey inched away from him until the backs of her knees hit the edge of the bed. “So you—” “Yes. I’ve taken my rightful place in the galaxy. If you hadn’t been stuck with Skywalker on that damp rock, you would have known that by now.” Rey’s fury rose to the surface once more. “How did you find Luke? Who told you where we were?” Surely, no one with the Resistance with that level of information clearance would have betrayed them. Not willingly, anyway. Images of her comrades restrained and tortured for information filled her thoughts. “You did. I could feel your blinding light from across the galaxy. Following you was easy. You may not have given me that map, but with you to guide me, I didn’t need it.” Rey’s mouth fell open. It was her fault. Instead of bringing Luke back to the Resistance, she had unwittingly aided in his capture. She bit her lip, refusing to give him the satisfaction of seeing her cry. “And why did you take me? You had already found Luke, why kill one of your men to spare me?” Kylo’s nostrils flared. “He had to me made an example of. Perhaps instinct kicked in when you took him by surprise, but that does not excuse subordination. The order was to capture you, unharmed.” “But why?” “Because I have a proposition for you.” He replied. Rey stared blankly, unsure of how to react. “My intelligence probes have located the Resistance base on Hoth. I could order an invasion whenever I please, and judging from what my scouts found, your friends would be ill-equipped for such an attack. You are fighting a losing battle. I trust you will prefer my bloodless alternative. Should you agree to my terms, I will allow the Resistance to keep Hoth and all remaining Republic territories. I will relinquish all claim to them and declare a permanent ceasefire. Any prisoners we currently house, including Skywalker, will be delivered safely to their friends and families.” They were haggling over planets and lives like bits of scrap metal. Rey had never needed to bargain for anyone’s survival but her own and the responsibility weighed heavily on her shoulders. “What’s your price?” “You.” He took a step closer. “You will remain here. With me.” “So I’m to be your hostage?” Rey asked. When he lifted his hand, she flinched, expecting a mental invasion like the one she had experienced during her first time as his prisoner, but the pain never came. His wide palm cupped her cheek. “Not exactly. More like my companion, an apprentice of sorts. It would be a shame to waste your potential. I wasn’t lying when I said I could show you the ways of the force.” His thumb traced her jaw and brushed over her lower lip. “There’s so much I could show you.” Rey batted his hand away. He let his arm fall to his side without retaliating or shifting his conceited expression. “I’m being more than generous. Do you accept my offer?” He asked. Since Rey had reached physical maturity, and even a few times before then, numerous offers had been made on her by the lecherous patrons of Niima Outpost. She had refused them all with harsh words or a swing of her bo staff. But this was different. This wasn’t a handful of portions or canteen of water being dangled before her eyes, but the fate of millions. She had to take it. And perhaps, with her on the inside, she might obtain information that could give the Resistance a fighting chance. Until then, she would endure. “I accept.” She felt a piece of her break away as she said the words. Kylo’s smile broadened. “Wise choice.” Rey’s gaze flickered to the bed behind her. “That can wait,” Kylo said. “For now we should find you some dry clothes, perhaps something to eat. It will be a couple hours before we reach Mustafar.” “Mustafar?” “Yes. That’s where I live when I am not on a mission. We’ll be staying there for a short while.” “And what about Luke?” Rey asked. “You said you would let him go.” “He will be delivered to the Hoth base along with the terms of our agreement.” He walked across the room and slid open a drawer to pull out a wad of fabric. He handed it to her before walking over to a wall console and punching something into the keypad. Rey unraveled the bundle. It was a simple, black shirt that was obviously one of his. Refusing to needlessly disrobe, she slid it on over what she already wore. It was heavy and warm, driving the chill from her shaking limbs, and would have been comforting if it weren’t for the faint smell of him that clung to the fabric. She would need to get used to that smell, she reminded herself. After a moment, Kylo stepped away from the console to face her. “That’s taken care of. His shuttle will launch shortly. I had no doubt you would see things my way and had everything prepared beforehand.” “How do I know you aren’t lying?” Rey asked. “You could have killed Luke and lied about all of this.” “I will give you access to my hyper-transceiver so that you can contact the Resistance. I’m sure they will want proof that you are both alive and compliant.” Kylo walked over to the viewport and offered her his hand. “If you want immediate proof, allow me to give you your first lesson.” Rey went to his side but refused his hand. He took her by the shoulders instead and shifted her to face the viewport. “Open your mind,” he said. “Search for Luke’s signature in the force. He isn’t far.” Rey felt him at the edge of her mind, nudging her in the right direction. She allowed him to guide her until she felt Luke’s presence below them. It was faint, but it was unmistakably him. It was a strange, fleeting sensation, like she had caught a glimpse of him in the corner of her mind’s eye. She could feel his sadness and resignation. Then, his presence shifted and the hull of a small ship appeared outside the viewport that reminded her of an old imperial shuttle she had once picked apart. She could feel Luke onboard. “There he is,” Kylo whispered. “Safe and sound, like I promised.” Luke’s shuttle entered hyperspace in a burst of light, taking his force signature with it. Chapter 2 Summary: Rey backed against the headboard as the mattress dipped beneath Kylo’s added weight. He crept toward her on hands and knees, then caught her by the ankle to drag her beneath him. His hands were braced on either side of her, his face hovering inches from hers. Having been raised among so few humans, Rey had never given much thought to physical beauty. One dust-sodden drifter was much the same as the next. Even so, Rey knew that Kylo was handsome. Beyond her better judgment and personal reservations, he appealed to her in some strange, primal way, with his full lips and angular features. If she could forget who he was, pretend they were just two strangers sharing a bed for the night, she might possibly enjoy this. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey and Kylo sat in silence at his table, the stars outside streaking by as they traveled through hyperspace. Kylo ate his meal with impeccable manners, a vestigial habit of his privileged upbringing, no doubt. Rey dipped her spoon into the strange meal he had given her. Likryt stew, he called it. She stirred the floating chunks of meat before selecting a small one to bring to her mouth. She hadn’t had fresh meat in nearly a year and whatever this was, it was far less gamey than a Jakku skittermouse. The savory flavor spread over her tongue and the warmth ran through her chilled insides, but after only a few morsels, Rey could already feel her stomach begin to reject it. Dropping her spoon back into the bowl, she slid it away. “Not hungry?” Kylo asked. “I’m just not used to this sort of food.” “Well, you need to eat something. You’re skinny enough as it is.” Kylo blew on his next steaming spoonful. Rey rolled back her dangling sleeves and grabbed the bowl with both hands. Keeping her eyes narrowed and locked with his, she slurped it back, letting the spicy sauce dribble down the corner of her mouth, then slammed the half-empty bowl onto the table and wiped her chin on her shoulder. Her stomach roiled in protest, but the unsettled, almost disgusted look Kylo gave her was worth it. An alarm rang at Kylo’s side, prompting him to pull his hyper-transceiver from the inner pocket of his robes. The black and silver device was small enough to fit in the palm of his hand. He narrowed his eyes as he gazed down at the screen, his jaw clenched, then silenced it with a tap of his finger. “It’s the Resistance. I'm sure they want confirmation that you consent to our agreement. Meanwhile, I have other duties to attend to.” He slid the transceiver to her end of the table and left the room without another word, the locking mechanism hissing behind him. Rey immediately recognized the flashing identification number. She tapped the screen, commanding the transceiver to project Leia’s hologram. The resemblance between her and Kylo was undeniable. While he had inherited most of his looks from Han, his eyes were dark and expressive like Leia’s and possessed the same uncompromising intensity. “Rey? Oh, Rey, are you alright?” Leia asked. “Alright” could hardly describe her situation, considering where she was headed and whose company she would have to endure for the foreseeable future. “I’m okay,” Rey said, sounding far from convinced. Leia lowered her voice. “Has anyone hurt you?” Although she hadn’t specified, Rey knew who she meant. “He gave me food and something warm to wear. I’m not in a cell either. It was made quite clear that my stay will be...a break from protocol.” “Is he there now?” Leia asked. “No. It’s just us.” Leia nodded and ran her hands over her face, sighing heavily. “I just read through the terms that were sent to me. Rey, you don’t have to do this. I would never ask this of you.” “I know that.” “Surely there’s something else we can—” “There isn’t,” Rey said. “This is what’s best for everyone. You have to trust me.” “But what about you?” For so long, that had been Rey’s sole purpose: just survive the next day and hope it was the one she had been waiting for. But things had changed. She had friends she had grown to trust, who were worth the sacrifice she was making. “I couldn’t come back now even if I wanted to. At least this way my absence can do some good.” “What are you talking about?” “I don't quite understand it, but he used the force to find me,” Rey said. “How do you think he found Luke after all this time? It was me. If I came back the Resistance, I would be a danger to everyone.” Leia paled. “I know exactly what you’re talking about. Ages ago, I experienced something similar when Luke was in need of rescuing. I'm not surprised Ben is capable of it. He was always gifted in the force, so sensitive to the thoughts and feelings of those around him. But I never dreamt he would use that power for this.” Her voice cracked. She then took a moment to regain her composure. “This isn't your fault, Rey. I don’t want you to live your life as a hostage because of misplaced guilt.” “That’s not why I'm doing it,” Rey said. “And it won’t be forever. He said I could end the deal whenever I wished, so I'm not a hostage. Not really.” Just a pawn, a plaything for his twisted whims. Leia didn’t need to know the details. “I’ll be alright, I promise.” “If this is what you have decided, then the Resistance will respect that. We will be eternally grateful for your sacrifice,” Leia said. “But promise me, if anything goes wrong you will end this and come back immediately. No one here would ever blame you. In fact, I'll likely have a hard time keeping some of them from mounting a rescue mission against your wishes.” “I promise.” Leia nodded solemnly. “Finn is doing well. His rehabilitation is going smoothly and his spine has taken well to the implants. He should be back to his usual self in no time. I haven’t told him about the agreement yet. I wanted to talk to you first.” “I understand.” Rey managed a small smile. “Tell him I miss him.” “He misses you too. We all do.” They said their final goodbyes before Rey ended the transmission. The silence was deafening as the weight of her decision sunk in. The door hissed open and Kylo stepped inside. “All finished?” He asked. “How much of our deal did you explain?” Rey glared up at him. “I skipped most of the details. Your mother doesn’t need to hear the rest of it. She’s worried enough as it is.” “Is that what she told you? I’m sure she was thrilled with our little treaty. It cost her nothing, after all,” Kylo said. Being in no mood for a debate, Rey changed the subject. “Are we almost to Mustafar?” “We should be exiting hyperspace shortly. The shuttle is waiting for us in the hangar bay to bring us down to the surface.” He offered her his hand. When Rey refused to take it, he caught her by the wrist and pulled her close to loop his arm through hers. He looked down at her with a smug grin. Biting her tongue, Rey allowed him to escort her out the door. At the entrance to the hangar, the hall was lined with uniformed crew members standing at attention. Rey wondered if any of them knew who she was or why she was here. If they did, they didn't show it. They were like mass-produced droids fresh from the assembly line, their only indication of humanity being the sweat forming on more than a few foreheads and the way they trembled as Kylo passed. Rey wondered of it was his mere presence that inspired fear, or if the incident on Ach-to of Kylo cutting down his subbordinate had not been an isolated one. Kylo had reverted back to a steely, unreadable expression. He may as well have been wearing his old mask. At the end of the hall stood a uniformed officer with a sickly pale complexion and orange hair scraped back in military fashion, just as stiff and severe as the rest of him. He resembled a living piece of war propaganda. “This must be the girl you spoke of, Your Imperial Majesty.” The officer bit out the words with a slight edge of disdain as he stared down at her like a misplaced bit of cargo. Rey stared straight back. Kylo pulled her even closer to his side . “She is. She will accompany me to Coruscant when I come to inspect your progress on the Imperial palace. I hope you will be able to handle things until then.” The officer kept his eyes forward and posture rigid as Kylo brushed past him. …. The surface of Mustafar reminded Rey of a story her father had once told her about the Realm of Chaos where the dead endured an afterlife of pain and torment. For a brief moment, she was a child again, terrified and alone, wondering if she had already met her fate. But the heat of Jakku was nothing compared the burning surface of Mustafar. The bay doors slid open, bombarding her with the smell of ash and the searing heat of the atmosphere. At the end of the landing pad, Rey saw Kylo’s fortress jutting out of the volcanic rock. A stream of glowing lava poured from its center into the burning sea that surrounded it. The angular edges of the structure rose in four spiked towers gathered together, nearly touching, to form a single point that pierced the blackened sky. Looking up, Rey couldn’t find a single star. The clouds of ash had blocked them out, encasing her in the molten prison. She couldn’t imagine anyone, even someone like Kylo, choosing to live in a place like this. Aside from the inhospitable environment, there was a troubling aura that hung over it like a shadow, condemning the place to impenetrable darkness. When Kylo led her through the obsidian doors, a terrible feeling burrowed itself into her heart, threatening tragedy and despair should she choose to enter. “What is this place?” she asked. “It belonged to my grandfather during the reign of the old empire,” Kylo replied. The doors moaned as he opened them with a wave of his hand. He led her through the desolate halls, through hollow chambers, and winding passages until they stopped before a set of tall doors. He waved them open and guided her inside. His personal chambers were much like the ones on the starship, but larger and built mainly from rock instead of metal. The viewport overlooked the lava sea, flowing and churning, with pillars of smoke escaping its depths. Kylo pointed to a smaller door at the far end of the room. “The ‘fresher is through there. Go ahead and bathe and allow the medical droid to look you over.” Rey detached herself from his side and made for the door. She needed a wash. Her clothes were filthy beneath the shirt he had given her. As she shut the ‘fresher door behind her, she jumped at the sound of a mechanical whirl. She turned to see a red lens staring out at her from a wall console. “How may I be of assistance?” It asked. “Are you the medical droid?” The voice certainly didn’t sound like it had a lifeform behind it. “Correct. I am DT-88, programmed for personal health and medical care.” Its voice was deep and monotone, more like an enforcer droid than a medical unit. “Are you in need of assistance?” “Um, sure. I suppose.” At that, the droid dislodged itself from the console, revealing itself to be a palm-sized sphere of black durasteel. It propelled itself through the air, circling her like a small moon, as its red scanner ran over her body. When it reached her hand, it froze and let out a small alarm. “It’s just a bruise,” Rey said. Its red eye swiveled up to look at her. “No fracture detected. May I extract a blood sample for further health analysis?” “Fine.” Rey sighed and offered her hand. A black needle extended from the droid’s body and pricked the end of her middle finger before sliding back into its shell. After a moment of calculation, it let out another alarm. “Severe nutritional deficiencies detected. Blood sugar, essential nutrients, and body fat all dangerously low. Symptoms may include: fatigue, bone weakness, reproductive disorders, fainting spells, electrolyte imbalance, increased susceptibility to infections—” “I know all that.” Rey batted the droid away. She didn't need to hear the symptoms. She lived them. "Nutritional supplements and a specialized dietary regimen is recommended.” “Alright, but for now, just tell me how to work that thing.” Rey pointed to the glossy black tub at the end of the room that looked big enough to accommodate about five of her. “Allow me.” The console clicked and water came gushing out of the faucet to fill the bath. “I have added a cleansing solution to the water. Will you be needing anything else?” “No, that’s it.” Rey peeled off her clothes and tossed them into a pile on the floor. “Powering down,” the droid announced before rolling its lens into the back of its socket. Rey submerged herself in the chilled bath, letting it soothe her hot skin and tight muscles. As she worked the water into her matted hair, it bubbled and emitted a clean, pleasant odor. This would have been enough water to last her for months and here she was bathing in it. The wastefulness almost angered her, but instead, she floated and attempted to calm her mind. She would save her fury for a more worthy target. Kylo was probably wondering what was taking her so long. If only she could remain here, enjoying the simple pleasures she had long been denied, and forget about the fate that awaited her just outside the door. Once the skin on her fingers and toes began to wrinkle, Rey lifted herself from the water and wrapped herself in one of the towels that was folded on the edge of the bath. She wrung the water from her hair and combed her fingers through it before letting it fall damp and heavy down her back. She emerged from the ‘fresher to see Kylo had already rid himself of his outer layers, leaving only a thin shirt and trousers. Rey stared down at her feet. “Not having second thoughts, are you?” She shook her head. “Good.” In a swift motion, he grabbed the edge of her towel and cast it aside. His smile widened. “If I had known this is what you had hidden beneath those desert rags of yours, I would have made an offer the first time I caught you.” Keeping her face in a tight scowl, Rey crossed her arms over her breasts, flushing pink from head to toe. Kylo swept her into his arms and carried her to the edge of the bed. Splaying his hand between her breasts, he pressed her down against the sheets. They were cool against her bare back. “Last chance,” he warned. “Just get on with it.” He unfastened his trousers and pulled himself free. Rey squeezed her eyes shut as panic shot through her. She had observed male anatomy before, both human and alien, but in those instances, she had been armed and clothed and the men had been simple desert dwellers with no sense of decency, not a ruthless emperor she had bargained herself to. His hands came down on her knees, warm and calloused. She allowed him to part her thighs. Rey cried out as he drove into her with a quick thrust, sending a shock of pain through her core. “Kriff! That hurts, get off.” She kicked at his chest and wiggled out of his hold. Sliding to the other end of the bed, she tucked her legs against her body. “Do you even know what the hell you’re doing?” She knew little of human mating habits, but surely they required more preparation than that. Kylo's ears turned red. “You need to relax.” “You aren’t exactly helping.” He exhaled through flared nostrils. “Alright. Allow me to oblige.” Rey backed against the headboard as the mattress dipped beneath Kylo’s added weight. He crept toward her on hands and knees, then caught her by the ankle to drag her beneath him. His hands were braced on either side of her, his face hovering inches from hers. Having been raised among so few humans, Rey had never given much thought to physical beauty. One dust-sodden drifter was much the same as the next. Even so, Rey knew that Kylo was handsome. Beyond her better judgment and personal reservations, he appealed to her in some strange, primal way, with his full lips and angular features. If she could forget who he was, pretend they were just two strangers sharing a bed for the night, she might possibly enjoy this. Before the thought could linger, his lips crashed against hers, hard and demanding as his hands groped at her body. One found her breast while the other slipped between her legs. She clenched them shut, but his long fingers had already found their target. His movements were clumsy, but her body responded nonetheless. She winced as a jolt of pleasure ran up her spine. He broke the kiss to whisper in her ear. “Better?” She refused to respond, but the ease with which he entered her the second time answered for her. Kylo let out a small gasp and swore under his breath as his hips molded against hers. He started with slow, steady thrusts, then lifted her hips and looped her ankles behind his back to allow him to thrust deeper and harder, filling her almost to the point of pain. His mouth found her neck and left a trail of kisses along her collarbone, making her skin feel like a tangle of exposed wire, ready to spark and burst into flames. Small, incomprehensible noises escaped her lips. She felt a strange sensation building inside her, like she was climbing to the top a sandy dune, the midday sun beating down on her brow. What she hoped to find at the summit, she had no idea. Kylo’s face contorted in pleasure each time his hips rolled into hers. His breathing was ragged and heavy. Just as Rey was nearing her summit, Kylo stilled. A deep moan tore from his throat. He withdrew, sending her tumbling back down to the bottom of the dune, feeling both defiled and dissatisfied. Kylo slumped beside her on the mattress, his sweaty limbs still intertwined with hers. Rey shot upright and untangled herself from his grasp then slid off the bed, wanting to get as far away from him as he would allow. “Where are you going?” he asked as she padded over to the ‘fresher door, her legs weak and knees shaky. “I need another bath,” she replied. Anything to rid herself of the sore, sticky feeling between her thighs. Kylo chuckled. “Is that an invitation?” As an answer, Rey slammed the door behind her and hoped he wouldn't try to follow. She slumped her back against it, then slid down to the floor and rested her head on her knees. Small bruises had already begun to form where his fingers had dug into her thighs. She would never get this moment back or undo this decision. Her body and mind were a jumbled mess. Even when she had the intel she needed and escaped this wretched place, she would be leaving a small shred of herself behind. He would always be her first. Rey took a deep breath and brushed away the wet hair that clung to her face, along with the tears that welled in the corners of her eyes. She could get through this, she told herself. A short time later, Rey stepped out of the ‘fresher as clean as she was ever going to get. Kylo had left another one of his shirts at the foot of his bed and fallen asleep in a tangle of dark sheets. Rey pulled it on and slipped under the covers, keeping as far to her side as she could manage without falling off. Kylo groaned, his long arms probing beneath the covers as his body tossed and turned. Rey gasped as his hands found her waist and pulled her against him. His eyes were still closed and his mouth was ajar, a faint snore rumbling at the back of his throat. Unwilling to wake him and unable to lift his heavy limbs off her, Rey allowed sleep to take her. Notes: Don't worry my dear reader. Things will get better for these two lost souls in due time. Thank you for reading and leaving feedback! I am truly grateful. Chapter 3 Summary: Rey's training finally begins in the bowels of a sith temple where ancient secrets lie buried. After a bit of sparring, Kylo has a little surprise for his captive companion. Rey had never slept on actual bed until last night. There was, however, a faint memory at the edge of her mind of her mother holding her, stroking her hair, and humming a song Rey had long forgotten, as they laid upon a thin cot. Whenever she tried to examine it in closer detail, it would would slip like sand through her fingers. She couldn’t even remember her mother’s face. Just the sound of her voice and the way it felt to have hers arms wrapped round her. Inside her fallen AT-AT on Jakku, a pile of flat scrap metal and shreds of cloth had served as her bed. Some days when she had tried to sleep in, too exhausted from the day before to pick herself up, the morning sun would penetrate the hull of her metal home and force her outside to avoid burns or heat stroke. On Ach-to, all she’d had was a stone slab and the bunks aboard the Falcon had been stripped by Unkar Plutt ages ago. But now as she laid tangled in the soft blankets and plush mattress that sunk softly beneath her, cradling her sore body, she knew Kylo and all that had transpired between them the night before couldn't spoil it. Just like her bath, it felt like a stolen pleasure that could be snatched away from her at any moment. “Are you awake?” Kylo asked. Just the sound of his voice made her face go hot with shame. “I’m up.” She said, running her fingers over the sheets one final time before sitting up and rubbing the sleep from her eyes. Kylo stood at the edge of the bed with folded fabric in his hands. “What’s that?” Rey asked. “The new clothes I’ve chosen for you,” he said. “Put them on. Unless you’ve taken a liking to my wardrobe, that is.” He tossed them onto the bed within her reach. As soon as he turned to walk toward the dining area, Rey slipped out of the nightshirt, rolled it up and threw it against the wall. He was dressing her now like a little doll, stripping away yet another shred of her autonomy. Before he could turn and comment on her nakedness, she shoved on the new garments. The fabric was thin and breathable and partially sheer over her shoulders. It wrapped around her in a way that resembled her discarded desert garb, making her wonder where Kylo had gotten it. The trousers were simple and loose and the shoes were fastened with wide bands that wrapped up her calves. Every inch of it was the same pale shade of gray. If Rey didn’t see colors beyond black, gray, and red soon, she swore she’d either go blind or pluck her own eyes out to end the dour monotony. She sighed. At least it wasn’t black. Kylo’s shirts had made her blend into her dark surroundings as if she belonged in this charred carcass he called home. “I’ve followed Deetee’s recommendations for your breakfast,” Kylo said, taking his seat at the table. “Deetee?” “The medical droid. He gave me your abysmal bloodwork results. This should pack in enough nutrients to sort you out fairly quickly.” Rey walked over to find a round pastry of some sort on her end of the table. In a way, it resembled the rehydrated polystarch she was accustomed to, but upon taking her first bite she found it to be far softer with a flaky crust and a touch of sweetness in the center.Kylo’s plate was piled high with a variety of meat and fruit, along with a variety of foods she couldn’t name. Whatever it was, it smelled fantastic. “I also kept your delicate palate in mind and chose something a bit bland for you,” Kylo said, “I wouldn’t want you getting sick on the training room floor.” Rey took another bite before speaking with her mouth full. “Did you make this?” Kylo wrinkled his nose. “No. The kitchen staff did.” “You have staff? I didn’t think anyone else was here.” “It’s mostly droids, but there is some living staff. They choose to keep to themselves.” “I wonder why?” Rey mumbled before taking another oversized bite and scattering flakes of pastry. “You should be more aware of those around you. Always stay vigilant,” Kylo said, tapping the pads of his fingers against the chrome table. “We’ll need to work on that.” “Is that what we’ll be doing today?” Rey asked. “Perhaps not that skill specifically, but we will be training as soon as we finish eating.” Rey finished the last of her breakfast and waited for him with her arms crossed while he ate at a sluggish pace, carefully cutting his meal into chewable bites. Once finished, Kylo led her by the arm through the dim empty halls of the castle and again Rey measured her steps, memorizing every passage and archway, taking note of any imperfections in the stone and metal that might help her distinguish one path from another. It all seemed designed to make her feel small and insignificant, with its towering ceilings and rooms so large she could hardly see the end of them. But as they descended to the lower levels, the passages narrowed and the walls slowly closed in around her like she was crawling into the gut of a massive beast. Their journey ended at a door with a symbol inlaid in the center. It resembled a small red sun with sharp rays spreading out in four directions. Kylo laid his hand flat against it. The symbol illuminated and the door rumbled beneath his fingers before it dragged open. “This is where we will be training from now on,” he said. They stepped into a wide room with eight doors lining the walls. They were much the same as the one they had come through but covered in carvings of a language she couldn’t decipher. Between the doors were eight stone statues over twice Rey’s height with vivid expressions of pain and rage carved into their stone faces. Rey stared up at the and felt as though they were staring back, full of malice and cruel intentions. From the eyes and mouths of each statue poured a thin stream of lava that flowed into their open hands before dripping down into the glowing moat that surrounded them. Kylo’s hand skimmed the small of her back, startling her, then came to rest on her hip. “Don’t worry. They're long dead. All that’s left of them are these statues and the knowledge they left behind.” “Who were they?” “Ancient lords of the Sith. This temple had been abandoned, hidden deep within the rock until my grandfather and his master unearthed it and built this castle around it.” Rey knew little of the Sith beyond the stories she had been told as a child. They were the dark shadows of their Jedi counterparts, always clawing their way to power at any cost. Of course, there were also the frightening stories of Darth Vader and his elusive master. Her father’s stories about them had seemed genuine, but Jakku and its inhabitants had a way of crushing childish dreams. Too stubborn to discard the tales of the Jedi and Sith entirely, she kept them quietly buried along with her dimming hope of her parents’ return. “Are you a Sith?” Rey asked. “No. The cycle of master and apprentice ended with the death of my grandfather. Had he survived and had my uncle been wise enough to accept his teachings, the order would have continued. Instead, I study the texts and holocrons they left behind.” “What are holocrons?” “You’re certainly curious today.” Kylo wrapped his fingers around hers. “Allow me to show you.” He led her to one of the doors which opened on a set of stairs. They descended into the darkness until Rey’s foot landed with a thud as the steps abruptly ended. A moment later, a globe of light flickered on overhead to reveal the room. Compared to the main area, it was tiny. Kylo’s head nearly brushed the ceiling. Shelves ran along the far wall, filled with books that appeared older than both Kylo and her combined, as well as loose holodisks and piles of dust-coated paper. At the center of the room were two wooden chests. Kylo crouched before one and pried it open. Its lid hung loosely on broken hinges where appeared to have been torn open, leaving a splintered gash. Inside were eight black and gold pyramids with symbols etched along the base. “These holocrons store recordings of old masters. To open them, one must use the force. The dark side in particular,” Kylo said. “Go ahead. Take one” After a moment’s hesitation, Rey selected one at random. It was small enough to fit in her palm and burned faintly against her skin like a cooling ember. It emanated darkness, much like the rest of the temple, causing the hairs to stand up on the back of her neck. A voice crept into her ear, too quiet to understand but slowly building the longer she held it. Dropping it back into the chest, she withdrew her hand. As Rey stood and staggered back, Kylo rose beside her and steadied her with a firm hand on her shoulder. “Don’t worry. As much light as there is in you, I doubt you’d be able to open one yet.” He picked up the discarded holocron which glowed red as inspected it. “But maybe you could, with my help. There is a touch of darkness in you that with the proper guidance could lead you to true greatness.” The reflection of the holocron lit his eyes a burning red. “Kylo, I thought we were here for training. Can we please just go?” Rey tugged at his sleeve, feeling like a scared child. Whatever was inside of those things, she wanted no part of it. Kylo placed the holocron back into its chest and latched it shut. He turned to face her. Whatever had come over him seemed to have passed. “Alright. First, we will start with some basic lightsaber forms.” From one of the other adjacent rooms, Kylo retrieved a pair of metal rods that were the approximate size of an activated lightsaber and handed one to Rey. He talked her through a basic form, physically moving her into the correct stance. “This is known as form one or Shii-Cho.” He guided her through the movements before taking his place opposite her. “Had you ever used a weapon like a lightsaber before?” He asked as he initiated their mock-duel. His blow was hard but lacking the fury he showed on the battlefield. “Not really.” Until she’d found her staff, she had simply used whatever was available. Some of her makeshift were of similar weight and size to a lightsaber, but she never kept them long enough to really learn how to use them. If they didn’t fall apart, she would trade them for portions once something better was salvaged or when day’s haul had been too slim to barter for a much-needed meal. They were mostly spare parts to begin with, not proper weapons. “You did well enough on Starkiller,” Kylo said. “But remember that I was badly injured at the time. You barely lasted a minute on Ach-to against my knight.” Excuses about the terrain and weather came to mind, but Rey bit her lip and kept quiet. For once, he was right. The foes she found herself facing since finding the Force were nothing like the desert street thugs she could easily kick into the dirt. “But despite your lack of training, you have a great deal of potential. More than you know. If you follow my lead and you can become more powerful than you’ve ever dreamed of,” Kylo said. “I think you’ll find me to be a much better teacher than Skywalker.” “Luke never tried to teach me the force,” Rey said. Kylo swung low, striking her ankle. “Then what were you doing all that time on that desolate rock?” “Trying to convince him to return to the Resistance,” Rey said, slashing back at him. Kylo scoffed. “I guess you can thank me for completing your mission.” Rey landed a hit to his ribcage with a hard thwack. Snapping back to attention, he lashed out with a long-reaching swing. She ducked in time, but as she lifted her rod to retaliate he extended his hand and, with the force, sent her sliding back on the smooth floor. Rey nearly fell but managed to remain standing. “What was that about? I thought we were working on saber forms.” Kylo shrugged. “In combat, you must use whatever advantage you have. If you want me to teach you how to perform a Force push, I will. You already managed to summon a lightsaber, so this should be a quick lesson. It’s just a matter of reversal.” “Alright. Show me.” “Okay. I’m going to come toward you and I want you to try to push me back. Reach for me with the force and shove back as hard as you can.” Rey nodded and set her rod on the ground. Kylo did the same then began to amble toward her. She extended her hand just as he had. She tried remembering how she had summoned the lightsaber but came up empty. That had been a moment of blind discovery and was not easily replicated. After a few more steps, Kylo skid back a hair before resuming his approach. He gave her a small nod of approval. “Feel the Force, Rey. Bend it to your will.” She furrowed her brow and focused until her hand began to tremble. Kylo jerked back a second time, sliding farther than before. “Just a bit more. Come on.” His eyes went wide as he was shoved against the wall. He quickly righted himself and ran a hand through his hair as he laughed. “Not bad. Now try applying it to combat.” They resumed their sparring, each landing their fair share of blows as the hours passed, until they were both covered in a glistening sheen of sweat, their faces flushed and breathing ragged. Rey knew she would have a few new bruises added to her growing collection. Her legs were growing weak by now and when Kylo slashed at her feet again, she was unable to counter in time and fell flat on her back. Kylo stared down at her with his arms crossed, clearly amused by her compromised position.“That’s enough for today. I think we’ve earned a bit of a break.” Rey frowned and lifted a skeptical brow. “What sort of break?” “You’ll see. Just follow my lead.” He returned the training rods to their proper place before leading the way out of the temple. Keeping within the narrower passages of the castle, they made a few short turns before reaching a wooden door. For the first time since arriving on Mustafar, Rey felt moisture in the air. Beyond the door was a small, cave-like room with a wide pool of bubbling gray water. Sharp rock formations hung from the ceiling and shot up from the uneven ground. The patterning of water droplets falling from the ceiling and splashing against the rocks added to the soothing atmosphere. It was a true oasis. “Because of the heat and minerals, the hot spring helps improve blood flow and speed up muscle regeneration. Perfect for after a training session.” Kylo shed his layers of clothing until he was completely bare, revealing that Rey had indeed left a few bruises of her own. “Get undressed,” He said. “The sulfur will ruin your clothes.” Part of her wanted to refuse just to spite him, but the spring was too tempting. She didn’t bother to gauge Kylo’s reaction as she disrobed; she could already feel the approval radiating off him as the hem of the shirt grazed over her breasts. She unfastened her trousers and let them puddle at her feet before she kicked them aside and placed her hand on her slight hips. “Happy now?” “Very.” He took her by the wrist and pulled her to the water’s edge. She pulled her hand free from Kylo’s then claimed her side of the pool and sunk neck-deep into its depths. Thankfully the water was cloudy from the swirling sediment and minerals, allowing a bit of privacy. Now she could relax. Staring at the ceiling she noticed a light sprinkling of yellow over the dark rock. She stood to get a closer look and found that it was a cluster of tiny yellow flowers. The vine that they sprung from clung to the ceiling and wrapped around a rock spike before disappearing into a crack. The blooms had yellow leaves slashed with violet and fuzzy orange buds in the center. She finally found color. “Volcanic soil is extremely fertile,” Kylo said. “The planet’s surface is inhospitable, but down here, things are able to grow.” Rey turned to find him studying her naked body, his eyes half-lidded and the corners of his mouth curling into a lazy grin. She dove back below the surface, sending a spray of water scattering around her. Kylo quickly closed the distance between them and before she could utter a protest, he cornered her at the edge of the pool. She pushed against his chest, first physically, and then with the force when that proved impossible. His grunted as he was slammed against a rock, but then tossed back his wet hair and chuckled. “I thought we were done sparring,“ He swam back toward her, his eyes narrowed, daring her to try to push him away again. His hands struggled to get a hold of her slippery skin, but once he had a firm grip on her hips he lowered her onto his lap. Rey gasped as he filled her. He moved in rapid strokes, his teeth clenched and bared. All she felt was uncomfortable friction and the hard rock scraping against her back. “Slow down, for kriff’s sake,” she said. He ignored her and continued his frantic pace until she dug her nails into his shoulders to drive in her point. “I said slow down.” He complied, dragging himself out achingly slow before driving back in even harder than before. After the initial shock and discomfort had passed, she felt her pleasure mounting as it had the night before. He drove into her over and over until she felt her pulse beating in her ears as it raced to match his. To allow him to hit her in just the right spot, she hooked her legs around his waist and held on by his shoulders. She let out a long moan and raked her nails down his chest as her release shook through her. He echoed her sounds of pleasure and thrust her against the rock one final time. For a second, she could have sworn she had seen the stars again. As they both fought to catch their breath, Kylo held her tight against his chest and whispered in her ear. “A bit more enthusiastic today, I see.” He used the same mocking tone he’d used when he’d had her flat on her back in the temple. “Just be quiet before you manage to ruin this,” Rey said as she felt her ears go hot. In that moment, she felt more like a traitor than a martyr and didn’t need his voice reminding her who she was wrapped around. She rested her forehead on his shoulder and traced her fingertips over the raised scars on his back, wondering what she had gotten herself into. Notes: Thanks for reading! More updates to come soon. All comments and kudos are much appreciated and feedback is welcome, whether it be negative or positive. Feel free to message me on tumblr>> http://space-trash-princess.tumblr.com/