On names [BP5735-ZFG] That is a terrible idea. [MU9431-YJL] it really is o_o [BP5735-ZFG] I don’t need to tell you how bad the repercussions could be. [MU9431-YJL] it’ll be awkward, for one [BP5735-ZFG] Would you fucking take this seriously. There have to be rules. [MU9431-YJL] obviously. [BP5735-ZFG] No traces. Anything goes awry, we abort. [MU9431-YJL] i have questions O__o [BP5735-ZFG] What are your questions. If you ask ‘what are you wearing’ again, I’m going back to the meditation chamber. [MU9431-YJL] haha, i know the answer is ‘black’ n__n no, what I mean is when and where? *** CORUSCANT Galactic City Quadrennial Masquerade Night She was around here, somewhere. Kylo could feel her presence like one might feel the warmth of the sun through a pane of tinted glass. But the street was crowded with masks. She would be a humanoid figure behind one of those painted smiles or frowns or screams, under a visage of paper, wood, or plasteel. Beneath a veil of fine golden chain links, he forced himself to keep perfectly still, to ignore the notion that he wanted to throw up. The last time he’d felt that was when the Knights were being deployed to Jedha, facing one in ten odds of surviving the mission. This, he told himself, was a small matter in comparison. He was just. Waiting. For the girl. Even if it had been a full ten minutes since the rendezvous time, and he was not entirely rid of the notion that the eyes and ears of the Resistance—or worse, the First Order—were on him somehow. He was risking a lifetime, most certainly truncated, of disgrace and punishment and in exchange for what? The satisfaction of an urge , he thought grimly. Even in his mind it seemed ridiculous. Unforgivable. Even if the urge had followed his footsteps from the moment he’d left the island shrine. A few days ago, he had almost broken the Monk’s arm for suggesting he looked like he’d been losing sleep. There was justification for this treason, he told himself, as he had told himself going down the ramp of the command shuttle, disappearing down one of Coruscant’s many narrow alleys, and trading one mask for another, a set of white robes for the black. Once he had worked this urge away, he would be able to operate normally again. She would no longer invade the privacy of his meditations. He would be able to return to his work without mentally composing and re-composing messages to the communicator he’d given her the last time they’d met. If she’d just show up. A definitely feminine figure floated past his gaze - long, blue dress, shawl like silver water. She turned a crescent moon-shaped mask towards him—and then continued walking. No, it wasn’t her. Behind was another figure, possibly female, head to toe in a gray hooded cape. Was that…? But the figure had broken away to join an entire party of gray hooded capes. Watching them, he completely failed to notice the figure who had suddenly appeared to his left, until it made a polite coughing noise. As far as he could tell it was a Tusken Raider, in squat burlap robes, head wrapped in bandages except for the pitch-black goggles and protruding mouth piece. A sight parents would usher their children away from. “I like this,” a muffled voice said. It gestured towards the chainmail curtaining his face and the confusion on it. “Better than your other mask.” “…Bastila?” he asked. The Tusken Raider chortled. “Are we really using that?” It was her. He lowered his voice sharply. “Names,” he said. It was the first rule. They did not use each other’s names. “Fine,” she said. “Yes, Revan, it’s me.” She managed to keep most of the sarcasm out of the statement. “And where have you been?” he whispered, fighting the urge to look over his shoulder. They would meet at the time and place specified - that was the second rule, to which was attached the third rule of ‘go to discreet location, fuck, leave by oh-six-hundred next day to report to respective bases without attracting attention’. Simplicity itself. “Oh, I’ve been here for an hour,” she said. “But they were giving out free canapés up the street, and I sort of lost track of time.” His mouth went into a rigid line. “Look, sorry about that,” she said. “I’m just a little nervous right now. This is possibly the stupidest thing I’ve ever done in my entire life.” “You and me both,” he said, but he offered her his hand, and she took it, and they were walking down the avenue as one of any number of costumed couples that night. “I’ve gotten us a transport,” he said. “It will take us to a hotel in the upper level. I’ve been assured of their complete discretion.” “Discretion is pricey,” she said. It was. “I have a stipend,” he said. “I’d just never used it until now.” Fortunately, the one in charge of processing the Knights of Ren’s stipends was Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka. “ Problem? ” Kylo had asked, as Mitaka had glanced at the finance request. “ Not at all, sir— ” Mitaka had a standing arrangement with the infirmary involving the aftermath of his meetings with Kylo Ren. “ Just checking you through—enjoy your shore leave, sir! ” He had not Force choked him. The transport was a nondescript cab. No identification plate, tinted windows, the driver behind a darkened pane. Seated beside him, he could begin to make her out, even underneath the face wrappings and the brown sack coat. He recognized the way she sat, legs apart, elbows on her thighs, face turned slightly towards the window so she could watch the lights of the megapolis zipping by. “What?” she asked. She hadn’t even needed to look at him. He was aware of heat rising up in his chest, a different kind of trepidation from the one that accompanied thoughts of getting caught. “I have wanted you for days,” he said, keeping his voice low. “Weeks. And you were off getting canapés ?” She laughed. “I know as well as you do how this night is going to end. You just need to learn patience.” “You intend on making me wait even more?” She leaned back. Somewhere beneath all that swaddling was a grin that could cut him in half. “Just until you’re filled to the brim with anticipation,” she said. “Until you say ‘kriff Rey, let me fuck you, please.” Her name seemed to hang in the air between them, like something that should have been captured in a bottle and stowed away. He took a deep breath. “Kriff, Rey,” he said monotonously. “Let me fuck you. Please.” She reached up and began unwinding the bandages around her head. “Whatever you want,” she said, slowly revealing a mouth, still caught in that grin. “However you want,” she added, as her nose appeared, dappled with freckles. Corscant’s lights gleamed in the pits of her eyes, a stray hair coiled on her brow. “As many times as you want.” He lunged at her so hard the entire cab shook, thud loud over the whine of the engine. She was biting her lip, trying not to laugh, ripping off his veil which fell to the floor in a tinkle of fine chains, the air suddenly cold on his face as he swept her knees up onto the seat, pushing her back, her head slipping down the edge of the window, the leather beneath them creaking. Distant thoughts nipped at his mind, something about the possibility of getting caught in an awkward position, threat of exposure, witnesses, a thousand different clamours, all of which jumped right off a cliff the moment he got his hands beneath that rough brown sack, finding familiar lines and planes and swells. Things he’d missed. Her skin was frustratingly still encased in rolls of fabric, but she was warm, warmer still when he’d found the line of her pants, he just had to get his hand through— She said nothing, but her breath came tight between her teeth, eyelids fluttering. She was gloriously wet under his fingers. She opened her mouth, as though to say something, but he plunged a finger right where she was tightest, and whatever she meant to say disappeared. He could see the effort it was taking her to control her breathing. They could not afford to be loud. To be heard. He immediately went to testing her resilience, moving the finger in and out. Between exhalations, he found her watching his face intently. Something else was poised on her lips. A name. ‘ What am I supposed to call you when we’re fucking? ’ she had asked, the latest in a lengthening column of messages appearing on his datapad. ‘ You know what not to call me, ’ he had responded, even if he remembered very well what that name had sounded in her voice, mentioned in conversation, whispered, repeated tremulously, yelled aloud. Even now, thinking of it was without the unpleasantness that usually arose from remembering that name. But—no. Not out here. There were lines that could not be crossed. That’s why there were rules. She allowed her eyes to shut. “Ren,” she whispered. Ren. It would do. He rewarded her by pressing his thumb in circles against the button of her clit. She tensed up at that, one leg kicking out from under his arm, toes knocking against the opposite window. “Wait—“ she looked up at his face. “I can’t come here—not right now—“ He slipped his other hand behind her head, bringing her face closer to his. “Whatever I wanted. That’s what you said.” Past the band of her pants, he twisted his wrist in a way that made her clench her teeth. “I did say that,” she murmured. He slowed the pace, slipping a second finger in, feeling warm moisture all along the palm of his hand. The cab’s intercom suddenly buzzed to life. “Boss, we’re here,” came the driver’s deep, throaty voice. Both Kylo and Rey looked up at the tinted windows. The cab had indeed come to a halt at the hotel’s driveway. Kylo was not in the mood to place his hands elsewhere, so it was Rey who reached outward, lazily trying to find the buzzer button on their side of the cab from her position on the seat. It took a few tries to find it. The light above the mic switched on. “Go around the block again,” Kylo said, his voice steady, even as his fingers continued to move. “Boss?” There was a particular tone of voice Kylo used when he was giving an order aboard the Finalizer. He used it now, while simultaneously switching one finger for another. “Go around the block. Again.” From beneath him, Rey’s voice was barely audible. “Twice.” “Twice,” he said, to the glowing red light above the speaker box. There was a pause from the other end. “It’s your credits, bub.” The cab began to move again, back into the Coruscant night. Rey came a minute later, burying her face in his shoulder, what little noise that escaped lost under the hum of the engine. He finally moved away, straightening up back in his seat. But then she was sliding down to the floor in front of him, trying to find an opening in his robes. “How long does it actually take us to go around the block?” she asked, finding his belt, unlatching it. He leaned back on the head rest. Hadn’t there been a plan they were supposed to be following? For the moment, he couldn’t remember. “No idea,” he muttered, digging his fingers into the leather of the seat. Chapter 2 : On backstory Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) PAMARTHE Pamarthe Spaceport The Brayl-class cargo hauler sat on the tarmac like a luggabeast crouched in waiting. That was the ship they were meant to use to get off-world - the written accord with the pilot was still scrunched up in Rey’s pocket, listing her as a swabber from Tatooine, and her male companion as a soldier from Wykanthu. They needed backstories in case anyone asked. It was one of the rules. She watched from the spaceport’s viewing deck as a detachment of stormtroopers went up the freighter’s gangplank, the harassed-looking pilot following behind. “Nobody leaves the spaceport without an authorization from the First Order,” Kylo said, coming up behind her, hood pulled firmly down his face. She could see the tension in his chin. “Apparently, there was some sort of Resistance incursion yesterday.” He didn’t ask if she was involved, and she didn’t offer any details, but there was an edge to his tone as he said, “I wondered why you were so insistent in meeting here.” Because coming from a hot shower after an evening of dodging blaster fire, feeling just a hint of his presence in the Force, and going back out into the unassuming little rented flat to find him already sitting in bed, stripped to the waist, had been absolutely worth it . Rey shrugged. “Mustafar would have been a bit too far off for me.” “Better than this dust bowl,” he said. “This was not a planet I wanted to return to.” “And yet you agreed.” “When someone says ‘if we meet here, I’ll eat your ass,’ you take it,” he said. Behind the shawl that wrapped around Rey’s face, she smiled. The smile immediately disappeared as a squad of stormtroopers marched past. Kylo lowered his head, and Rey leaned back against the banister, trying not to look suspicious. She held her breath until the squad had gone past. “So what now?” Kylo asked. “I’m not sure,” Rey said. “We’ll have to smuggle ourselves out.” He looked away. “Yes, that is the only way now, isn’t it?” She caught a glimpse of his eyes, a strange look had come upon them. Not for the first time, Rey considered how looking at him was like seeing the tip of an old Imperial comms array jutting out of a dune. It was a mighty impressive spike, but any scavenger worth their salt knew that majority of its body, and thus the best loot, was buried deep in the sand. Although, unearthing the entirety of Jakku would probably have been easier than explaining what she was doing now, walking alongside him down the deck where stranded passengers had begun to cluster. What they were doing. There was the sex, yes. But there was also something else, a constant niggling that had begun as an idle curiosity after the destruction of Starkiller Base, about the face that had appeared from underneath the mask, that had seen her too deeply. She had wondered what it would be like to touch it, to learn why seeing that face had reminded her of long, cold nights on Jakku. Maybe when she’d finally dug that up, she would finally be rid of the need to see him like this. No more lying to her friends, and concocting made-up backstories of various believability. At least she could hope for that. “Here,” he suddenly said, turning sharply into what Rey had thought was just a gap between the pillars. It was actually a corridor, so narrow he had to walk ahead, with her right behind. The corridor took a left, past a hanging piece of tarp, and into a large windowless room dotted with merchant’s booths and tables, but Rey was familiar with this ruckus - with the dodgy glances, and the covert exchange of merchandise. It even smelled like a black market. She turned to Kylo. “How did you know about this place—“ but she stopped short. At first she thought an insect might have bitten him in the face, that’s why his mouth was stretched out like that, teeth bared. And then she realized he was approximating a friendly smile. “Take my arm,” he said. “Uh—what?” “My arm. Take it.” He ignored her look of mounting bewilderment and prodded her with his elbow until she took his arm. “I’ll do the talking,” he said, face still disconcertingly frozen in place. He led her to a specific desk littered with what Rey recognized as parts culled from a dozen different kinds of speeder engines. Behind the counter was a shriveled old human woman, practically bald, her tiny eyes almost lost under the folds of her brow. Kylo walked right up to the counter. “Auntie Kaya,” he said, in a voice that rang so wildly different from what Rey was used to hearing, she wasn’t quite sure how to react. So she plastered a smile on as well. The old woman looked up, eyes watery. She snatched a pince-nez from under the desk and fitted it to her nose. “Who the fuck are you?” she asked, looking right at Kylo. My question exactly , Rey thought. Kylo leaned in towards the old woman, pushing back his hood. “Auntie… it’s me.” The old woman squinted at him, but recognition dawned quickly. “Ben? Little Ben?” She took his face in a pair of wrinkled hands. “Mistook my blaster for a lighter Ben? Peed in the bucket because he couldn’t hold it in anymore Ben?” Her voice grew solemn. “Ben ‘listen to me Auntie I can talk Wookie now!’ Solo?” Rey chortled, tried to keep it down, created a noise like she was both sneezing and coughing on her own spit. “It’s good to see you,” Kylo said, looking for all the world to be perfectly happy to be here. The old woman gave his cheek a pinch. “Look how tall you’ve gotten! You were just up to my shoulder the last time the Falcon dropped by!” “That was a long, long time ago,” he responded, his tone just a bit tighter but the old woman didn’t seem to notice. “And who is this?” Auntie Kaya asked, turning to Rey. Kylo put his hand around her waist. “This is my wife, Rey.” Auntie Kaya gave a high-pitched, yelping laugh, that covered the snort that Rey did not bother to suppress. “How wonderful, Ben,” Auntie Kaya reached out and Rey hesitantly took those wizened hands in hers. “I like the look of you,” the old woman said. “You’re a fighter, I can tell. How’d you end up saddled with this ugly son of a bitch?” Rey’s eyes shot towards Kylo, but he responded as though this were a story he’d told a thousand times. “I was missing a droid,” he said. “She found it.” Auntie Kaya snickered, but past the lenses, those beady eyes were now focused on Rey’s fingers. “Where’s your wedding band, dear?” “Hawked it,” Kylo said immediately, before Rey could sputter something out. “We needed tickets off this shithole but the First Order clamped down on all departing ships.” The old woman tsk’d, shaking her head. “Those infected cunts.” “That’s why we came to see you,” Kylo said, adopting a weird, cajoling manner that burned itself into Rey’s mind, that it occurred to her may very well throw her off the next time they had to duel. “Think you can help us, Auntie?” The old woman narrowed her eyes at him, the tips of her lips curling upwards. “I knew it. Just came by to ask a favor, didn’t you? You’re a cheeky dick waffle, just like your father.” The words had barely left her lips when her expression suddenly softened. “We heard what happened,” she said, voice dropping to a whisper. “I’m so sorry about Han. He was a bastard’s bastard, but he was a fighter too. It must have been hell for you and your mom.” The subtle motions of his face would have meant nothing to anyone else. To Rey, it was like observing sand shifting under the wind. What was buried came briefly to light - anger, barely restrained, pooling into something that looked like shame, before eddying into a look she had only seen once before - the exact look on his face standing on a precipice, ignited lightsaber in hand, alone where he and his father had stood together a moment before. A cold knife twisted in Rey’s guts, remembering the pang of watching Han Solo fall. In the snowy woods of Starkiller base, she had demonstrated to Kylo Ren the sharp edge of her grief. And yet, here now, she stood beside him, pinned by a niggling she couldn’t place. It would have been the perfect moment in their play-acting for her to take his hand, make a show of comforting him, like a good wife should. But Rey did not. The moment rang a bit too harshly, and while he heaved, trying to keep to the backstory, Rey turned to Auntie Kaya with a supplicating look. “We’re really hoping you can help us, Auntie,” she said. “We need to get back to the little ones.” The old woman’s eyes went wide, as did Kylo’s, and like a burst of lightning through the Force his thoughts landed in her mind. Fucking what? “Little—? Ben,” Auntie Kaya gave him a bemused look. “And how many little Bens are there?” He opened his mouth. Shut it. Turned back to Rey. “Four,” Rey said, as sweetly as she could manage. “BB, Finn, Poe, and baby Armitage.” She did not have to look towards Kylo, she could almost hear the vein throbbing in his temple. “We have to get back to them as soon as we can,” Rey said. “They get antsy if we’re gone for too long.” She turned to Kylo, gave him as matronly a look as she could manage. “Isn’t that right, darling?” New lines had appeared on the edge of his jaw. “Right, sweetheart,” he said through his teeth. “Oh, you two,” Auntie Kaya gave them a wistful look. “You just fatten this wrinkly old heart of mine.” She made a gesture for them to lean in. “There’s a BFF-1 sitting in landing pad A-45 with authorized priority passage to Beta Station. Pilot’s a guy named Gawr. You tell him that if he gets you lovebirds off world, Auntie Kaya will loosen the vice on his balls.” “Thank you, Auntie,” Kylo said, though Rey couldn’t tell if his relief was for show or genuine. “Damn right,” she said, her shrouded eyes turning from him, to Rey. “You two look like you get into a lot of trouble. Take care of each other.” Gawr kept them both in the hidden smuggler’s compartment at the back of the freighter, where they sat among crates of spice and unstamped speeder components. Kylo had settled with his back to a crate, that gaze of his fixed on the wall, the stillness not quite hiding the rapid fire of thoughts underneath. It wasn’t until the roar of the engines had faded into a hum, signalling they’d broken out of the atmosphere, that he spoke. “Four? Really?” Rey shrugged. “Why, how many did you want?” A new look came upon his face, something that made him turn quickly away, that made Rey snicker. Just when she thought she was getting to the bones of him, something new asserted itself. She leaned her head on the base of her palm, watching. Notes: 10 points to whoever knows where "cheeky dick waffle" came from :D. Next chapter should be up by Wednesday. Chapter 3 : On evidence Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) FINALIZER First Order Resurgent-class Battlecruiser Kylo Ren’s chamber It would be another hour until he was needed to brief the Knights on their next mission. He had instructed to be left alone during this time, ostensibly to meditate, and awe had bubbled up from his officers’ minds. Kylo Ren, just back from one mission, would meditate until jumping right into the next one. He had been on a mission, that was true. The logs had him on a five day-long subjugation drive against the Ti Clan in Shili. He had finished it in three. The last two days had been for disappearing into one of the cheap traveler’s motels in the capital city of Corvala, where it was easy to get lost in the crowds. Kylo sat back on his pallet, legs up on the mattress, still in his boots. Still in his mask. Sitting in his hand was a small disposable holocam, purchased from a run-down tourist shop a block away from the motel. He ran his thumb over a button on the holocam’s face and a small image appeared on the projection plate. It was a low-resolution hologram, all color drained into standard holo blue, and the details grainy at the edges. But it was clearly a room, the bed on one side, a quarterstaff leaned against the corner of the wall. Off to the left was an open door leading out onto a small balcony, where Rey stood with her back to the holocam, surveying the urban sprawl of Corvala. Kylo paused and looked up, at the helmet of Darth Vader sitting on its plinth across him. Without making a noise, he edged himself to the side, until the helmet was out of his line of sight. He pressed the button again. Now the holocam was right behind Rey, and she’d looked over her shoulder. “ What’s that? ” she had asked. He had told her what he intended to use it for. The next image was of her reaction, a deep-lined grin, one hand up to her face in just the slightest trace of embarrassment, eyes glinting. “ You fucking perv, ” she had said. He pressed the button again and now she was at the bed, an opened box beside her. She was looking at what seemed to be pieces of gauze. “ Where did you even get these? ” she had asked, her voice still clear in his mind, the mixture of amusement and disbelief. “ Down the street, ” he had said. “ Pretty sure I got your size right. ” She’d held up the pieces. The holocam tinged it in the same bland blue, but in reality it had been jet black. The top was a piece that was meant to hug her breasts and hang loose around the torso. It was almost entirely transparent, coiling embroidery teasing around the lines of the bodice. The bottom was a few strips of cloth of the same see-through material, garnished along the edges with lace. “ I’ve never worn anything like this before, ” she had said. “ Look at this fabric—I could hang this around my bed and catch flies— “ She had looked up at him and gestured at the balcony door. “ Close that, would you? ” He had gone to do that, but had turned back to find that she had started pulling off her shirt. “ Wait— “ he had fumbled at the holocam. There was a stilted image of her shirt halfway off her shoulders. “ I didn’t mean we had to do this now— “ Followed by an image of her bare back to him, her pantaloons inching downward. “ Why not? ” she had asked. He’d made some kind of muttered reference to having dinner first, and he’d expected to give a protracted explanation of how he would destroy the images afterwards—they could leave no evidence after all, one of the rules—but coherent thought had very quickly fled his mind, and his fingers were suddenly clumsy around the holocam. There was a rapid succession of shots, of her pantaloons leaving her feet, holding up the gauze top against her torso, looking up at him briefly and laughing at what must have been the look on his face. The bottoms had hugged her low at the hips, the floss lost between the cheeks of her ass. He had one particularly good shot of that, as she had been struggling to get the top down her shoulders. Sitting on his pallet, Kylo felt the same urgent rush he had felt in the room in Corvala. He yanked the glove off one hand, not even bothering with his mask, just fishing his dick out of his pants. He could feel the deep throb against the callouses on his palm, squeezed, eyes drifting shut for a moment. The next image was of Rey trying to get the top to behave on her chest, yanking at the straps, pulling the cups down on her breasts with a look of doubt on her face. “ Is this even meant to cover my nipples—guess not… ” And then she was standing at the mirror, feet astride, hands on her hips. The top was a bit too tight, squeezing her breasts together, her nipples dark against the fabric. Her pubic hair stuck out of the thong. She was chuckling into the mirror. “ Well, it’s okay, ” she had said with a shrug. “ What do you think…? ” He had taken about five shots of her in a row, as she turned from side to side in front of the mirror, seeing how she looked like from behind. “ It’s perfect, ” he had said—he remembered the words so clearly he muttered them now, so softly his voice modulator barely caught it, as he started tugging on his dick. “ You look perfect. ” His grip tightened, rubbing more vigorously with one hand as his other summoned up the next image. It was of the side of her face, eyes half-closed in concentration, her tongue making lines on the head of his dick. Kylo moaned softly, remembering how she had sucked his dick with the proficiency of someone with much practice with it, knowing the length and girth of it, and the strain she could create with a smack of her tongue, the tautening of her lips. Now, the holocam was behind her, and she was on the bed, ass lifted up, the fact that he had been buried in her lost to the lower frame of the image. He could see a sliver of her face, mouth open, frozen with the sound at the back of her throat. And then she was on her back, beneath the holocam’s eye. There was a blur of movement—this was when he’d gripped the fabric at her chest and pulled, and it had hardly made a ripping noise at all. “ What the hell—? ” she had looked up at him with amusement. “ You were just going to rip it off? ” “ Yes, ” he had grunted. “ While doing this— “ Fucking her faster, pummelling into her, catching the heave of her breasts and the grit of her teeth in a blurry shot. He didn’t catch it when she came, he was too busy coming himself. In his room on the Finalizer, he looked down at his hand, dazed, at the white trickling through the gaps of his fingers. He’d have to clean that up. He leaned back on his elbows, lazily perusing the next images. There she was after she had peaked, breathing through her lips, idly fingering the torn gauze hanging off her shoulders. “ Come here, ” she had suddenly said, and there was a strangely-angled image of her ribs, where he had accidentally clicked on the holocam when she made him lean his head towards her. “ What are you doing? ” he had asked, over the sound of fabric rustling. “ Don’t move, ” she had said. “ What are you—really? ” And then she had taken the holocam. He winced at the image. It was him, eyes turned to the side, shadows deep on the side of his scarred face and bare shoulders, scraps of the gauze from her top ripped to strips and tied in a ribbon around his neck, the bow sitting right on his collar bone. “ I like it, ” she had said, from behind the holocam. “ Look at me. ” The next shot was identical to the previous one except his eyes looked straight. He didn’t dwell on it for too long, there was something disconcerting in his eyes. His lips were poised with her name on them. The image after showed her hand coming in from out of frame, a finger hooking around the makeshift collar. She had tugged him towards her, put down the camera, and made to kiss him in the mouth. But instead, she had bitten him, snapping sharply on his lower lip. Beneath the mask, he instinctively tongued the cut her teeth had made. That had been enough to bring the blood rushing back into his dick. He would have fucked her again, but a noise had disturbed them, a loud, high beeping. He had an image, accidentally taken once again, of her jumping off the bed and rushing towards her pack, following the beeping to her portable communicator. She had taken the call in the bathroom, and though he couldn’t hear specifics, there was no mistaking the gravity that entered her tone. He had remained in bed, absently running a finger through the ribbon around his neck. “ What was that? ” he had asked when she emerged again, before remembering it was better not to ask. “ They’re asking me to clean up your mess with the Ti Clan, ” she had said, before remembering it was best not to reply. She had hopped back into bed—“ it can wait til morning ”—and there had been a bit more by way of kissing and groping, but the fire had largely gone. Her side of the bed had cooled by the time he woke up the following morning, and her pack and staff were gone. He hadn’t been surprised, and downstairs, he was informed that his lady companion had already paid the bill. Back in his chambers, he wondered if she had succeeded in her mission, catching by its tail the stray thought that he hoped she had. She would have liked to succeed. But then he remembered whose work she would be undoing, and a deep churn welled up in his body. He wanted to lay back in his pallet, as still as a corpse, as he had done at the end of weeks of training with Snoke, or particularly taxing missions. But there was one last thing he had to do. He cleaned himself up, washing away all trace of his exertions. Then with the Force, he lifted up the holocam, drifting it across the room, and ignited his lightsaber. He had meant to destroy the device before he’d left Shili, but he’d kept putting it off. Now was his last chance to do it - leaving it here, even in his chambers, put them at risk of being discovered. But as he watched the holocam floating before him, he noticed on the little indicator on its side that there were two more images in its memory. This confused him - the last photo he had taken had been of her leaving the bed. Without actually touching the holocam, he found the view button with his mind and activated it. The image that appeared, hovering in mid-air, was once again of himself. He was in bed, blanket crumpled at his waist, his face peering through a rush of hair. He was fast asleep, still with that ridiculous black ribbon around his neck, but there was a hand from out the corner of the frame, fingers delicate on the bow under his chin. The churning within him grew sharp, as he remembered with blinding clarity the tickle of gauze on his throat. He made a gesture and the last image appeared. The ribbon was gone from his neck. Right beside his sleeping form was Rey, arm up as she took the shot with one hand, smiling at the holocam widely. In her other hand, she held the ribbon, now no more than a strip of gauze that could have been mistaken for a scrap of binding, or of a net used to keep out flies. I’m keeping it, her look said. Kylo’s grip on his lightsaber tightened, the crackle of it loud in the chamber. He had to steady himself. Sentiment had been Vader’s weakness - it could not be his as well. Even if he could make out the freckles on her nose, the stray hair across her forehead, through the blurry holo blue. He lashed out with the saber, the image vanishing under a red arc and the bubble and pop of plasteel turning to superheated mush. He didn’t stop, sweeping back and forth at the levitating remains. The blackened pieces fell out of the air, landing on the tray he kept on his desk, burning until they were indistinguishable from the ashes therein. Kylo glared at the tray, watching his memories of her mix with the memories of all those who burned to fill the tray, keeping himself from putting a name to the knot in his chest. Notes: So at the time I'm posting this, I've just finished drafting Chapter 8. It's been an interesting experience for me thus far, because every chapter is like an entirely new fic, and they tend to differ wildly in tone and Stuff That Happens. Hopefully it'll all still come together in a cohesive manner (:D). The characters are going down a certain path, and they're already behaving differently than I thought they would. Next chapter should be up by Saturday. Here's a preview: [MU9431-YJL] so what’s in scarif? [BP5735-ZFG] Oceans. [MU9431-YJL] O____O oohhhhh i love oceans. [BP5735-ZFG] I know. Chapter 4 : On arguments Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) [MU9431-YJL] so what’s in scarif? [BP5735-ZFG] Oceans. [MU9431-YJL] O____O oohhhhh yes i love oceans. [BP5735-ZFG] I know. *** SCARIF Havra VacationFuntown and Oceanside Villas 12.3 clicks from Death Star devastation zone Among the rules was that they did not discuss politics. May as well debate on the nature of the Dark and Light side of the Force. But Rey had found a tour book in their discount oceanside villa—“there used to be an old Imperial base not far from here,” she had said—and he had looked up, “yes, the Citadel Tower security complex. The Death Star wiped it out after it was infested with rebel scum,”—and it had all gone downhill from there. Rey wasn’t sure why, three hours later, she was still arguing with him. She had learned, from experience with the hawkers of Jakku and a few choice prats in the Resistance, that when an argument looked like it was going nowhere it was best to just shut up and move on, while privately considering how the other side was either deluded or stupid. He was proving to be the exception. He had settled into the groove, “The Empire created peace and order—”, and her hackles had risen, “I don’t think cowing people into agreeing with your messed up philosophy counts as peace—“, and tirades had given way to anecdotes, had birthed vaguely-spun logic exercises, as they made their way down the seaside bazaar, Kylo hidden in the folds of his cowl, Rey under a face mask and large reflective glasses. “—the First Order are trying to accomplish the same thing,” he was saying, conviction as strong as his irritation, plodding after Rey as she picked her way through a stall of island fruits. “Yeah,” she said, poking uncertainly at a flaccid-looking meiloorun. “By blasting and burning their way through the galaxy.” “Brutality is a tool—even the Jedi knew that, that’s why they had lightsabers,” he pushed away the meiloorun she was looking at and replaced it with a far healthier-looking specimen. “The strong herd the weak. And most of the sentients in this galaxy are weak. Which is why people like—” “Like you?” Rey asked, as she dropped a few credits on the counter and stashed the fruit away. “I was going to say, ‘like me and you.’” She smirked. “I’m not interested in herding anyone.” “But you have power,” he said. “That gives you responsibility, whether you like it or not.” She paused. That at least, made sense. “Even if you had all the power in the galaxy, you wouldn’t be able to control everyone,” she said, with a shrug. “You’d just piss people off.” “Which is why you find those people and tear them down—” A strange note tinged his tone, something that wasn’t quite regret, but shared a home with it. “It’s not something I gain enjoyment from. It’s just necessary. You have to take their dreams, their hopes, and show them the futility of it.” “You could try,” Rey said, pulling down the glasses by just a bit, so she could look him right in the eye. There was a challenge in her look. “Hope is a hard thing to kill.” The words had barely left her mouth when something—like the strike of a spoon against a glass ringing through the Force—caught their attention. It came distinctly from a table a few stalls down. Rey knew scavenged goods when she saw them - there were bits of old machinery, old tins and pots, rusted coinage that looked like they’d been panned from the sea. And in the corner, among a handful of discolored beads and wishing stones, was a crystal. Kylo picked it up. It was a small translucent chunk hanging off the end of a thin chain. A necklace. But the crystal itself gnawed at Rey’s mind, hinting at light, and power. She heard Kylo’s slowly-drawn breath. “Kyber,” he muttered. It cost 25 credits. He had found it first, therefore, he reasoned, it belonged to him. He wound the chain around his wrist, the kyber crystal bouncing against the ball of his hand. Besides, it was probably made by some worker in the old Death Star construction yard, an Imperial installation, meaning it was rightfully his. “Like Anakin Skywalker’s lightsaber was rightfully yours?” Rey had asked, prickled, and that had triggered a second round of bickering that lasted all the way back back up the bazaar, and to the villa. “—Skywalker was an exemplary Jedi, but he only reached his true potential as Darth Vader,” Kylo said, sitting on the edge of the bed while Rey sliced open the meiloorun. She grimaced. Now he’d started on Vader, it was never going to end. “He accomplished much—but in the end he gave in to sentiment. Which is why it’s up to me,” Kylo leaned back on his elbows. She didn’t have to look up to know that his gaze was centered on her. “I am the one who must carry his burden,” he said, with the practiced cadence of someone who had said the same thing over and over before, although she wasn’t sure to whom he would have said it. To the others in the First Order? To everyone he’d cut down? To himself? “I don’t expect you to understand,” he said. Rey walked up with a small plate of meiloorun slices in one hand, and the little fruit knife in the other. She’d already lost her pants. “You’re right, I don’t.” She settled herself on his lap, and his hands wound around her hips. She felt the jagged edge of the kyber tickle her thigh. “You want to take the fate of the galaxy on your shoulders, but you underestimate the people living in it.” “What’s to underestimate?” he asked, looking up at her face, the sharpness of his question melting under a blossoming warmth. “A frail pocket of Resistance, grown out of a misguided Rebellion?” “Yes,” she said. “People like me.” She speared a slice of fruit on the knife and took it between her teeth, bent down towards his face, and pushed the slice through his parted lips with her tongue. There was a burst of wet, tangy sweetness that coated the cavern of his mouth. He grew hard beneath her, and she began grinding herself against him, just enough to make him sigh, the juice from the fruit leaving a layer of deep red on his lower lip. No sense letting any of it go to waste—she lapped up the redness, tongue slipping over the circle of his lips. His hands slipped past the hem of her undergarments, edging the fabric down so he could reach the swell of her ass cheeks and stroke them with his fingertips, kneading with his thumbs. This made her grind against him more deeply, extracting from him deep breaths that smelled like meiloorun. “Your shirt…” he mumbled. She lay the plate and knife down on the bed beside him and pulled her top off. Her nipples perked up in the balmy air. He took a single slice of fruit between his fingers and poised it at her mouth. “Keep it there,” he said, leaving the slice between her teeth. With fruit-tinged fingers, he traced a sticky red line down her chest, over the crest of her left breast, ending right on her nipple. Rey struggled to keep her teeth light on the slice in her mouth, while the juices gathered with her spit. When she turned her neck up to keep it from slipping out, he bent his head down and opened his mouth against her breast. His tongue followed the line his fingers had made, making the slow journey to her nipple. He sucked at the nub with relish, drawing it full past his lips to feel the broad side of his tongue. Rey could feel the fruit in her mouth threatening to melt away, red was already trickling down the corners of her lips. But he kept his mouth around the nipple, as though he liked the taste of it. This was becoming unbearable. She was wet through her undergarments, her legs stretching out behind his back. He looked back at her face, smiling slightly, enjoying her torment. His tongue slid over the slice of fruit, as her tongue pressed against it from the other side, the deep red staining their chins as they kept the slice suspended between them. He finally let her push it into his mouth. But he pressed one hand at the back of her head, keeping her mouth sealed against his, to let the pulped flesh pass back in between. When she swallowed, hot sweetness oozed all the way down her throat. By the time they had finished, there was only the flesh of the meiloorun left attracting night flies on the table. There was still some of the juice left on her collar bone, and sticky patches all over her fingers, but they were spent, and night had fallen deep outside. Rey stretched out beneath the thin blanket, satisfied as a cat, wondering if all their arguments would end like this. There would be open arguments from now on, she was sure of it. But somehow, that didn’t seem too bad. He was already asleep, she could tell by the way his chest rose and fell. Rey caught one last look at the crystal sitting in the palm of his hand, a thin trace of moonlight from outside giving it a ghostly sheen. The crystal— —she had been tugging at the crystal around her neck. Funny how old nervous habits never quite left. Even now, when there was nothing to be nervous about anymore. The elevator rumbled down, the lights past the little gap in the door trailing upwards. “Always wondered how I’d die,” she said, looking up at her companion. He chuckled at that, wheezing through the cracks in his ribs. “As far as deaths go, this isn’t bad,” he said. Even tired beyond all reckoning, he managed to be handsome. “Mission accomplished. No regrets.” Somewhere past the armored elevator shaft, the explosions continued, but they would cease to be a concern soon enough. “I do have one regret,” she said. He gave her a questioning look, one hand pressed against the wound at his side. She hesitated for only a moment. “It would have been nice to get to know you more,” she said. “To have had the time.” He broke into a smile that made every strain and care disappear from his face. They had been standing against each other in an attempt to remain on their feet, but now he turned towards her. “Very well,” he said. “What would you like to know?” “I don’t know,” she momentarily forgot the swollen throb in her left knee. “What’s your favorite color? Favorite food?” “Green. And quesadillas. You?” “Um. Deep purple. Like the last shade of purple you see before the sun sets. And I really like bantha milkshakes.” She grinned, but the mirth quickly disappeared. “What’s the worse thing you’ve ever done?” He didn’t even need to think of it. “After my parents died, I was raised by an uncle,” he said. “A kind man. But some years down the line, we received a tip that he’d been feeding intel to the Empire. I didn’t want to believe it. I did everything I could to prove the tip wrong. But it wasn’t. So I pulled the trigger myself.” She briefly looked away. “I’m sorry.” “So am I,” he said, the voice of a person weighed down by years. “You probably have some stories—“ “It was with Saw,” she said. “I was 14. He said blowing up the hospital would hobble Imperial presence in the city. I planted the charges.” It was his turn to look horrified. “The terrible thing was I didn’t even think much of it. It wasn’t until a few years later that I woke up in the middle of the night, thinking there were so many children in that hospital…” she watched his face, waited for the condescension, the anger. There was none. Instead he leaned in a bit closer. “But what’s the best thing you’ve ever done?” he asked. “I don’t know. Convincing a bunch of rubes to steal the Death Star plans, maybe.” He grinned. “Best thing I’ve done was being one of those rubes.” The indicator above the door showed that they were approaching ground level. She looked up at him, and drawing on the last reserves of her strength, went up on her tiptoes, so she could kiss him in the mouth. The last kiss she would ever give, and the last she would ever receive. His other hand wound into her hair, holding her there, as the moment stretched out, into the months and years they could have had—mornings strolling the base, afternoons on missions, evenings in the mess hall with all their friends—until the moment pulled taut and snapped. The elevator shuddered to a halt and the doors swept open. Outside, the world was a stark white. Underneath the countless pains, the exhaustions, a delicious thrill wound up her belly. She could have laughed out loud. He was leaning into her, and she into him, on their way out the doors. “Want to go down to the beach?” he asked. “Ohh, yes,” she said, “I love oceans.” Rey’s eyes opened, her blood racing over an appointment with destruction that had not belonged to her. The ozone stink in the elevator was still in her nose. Rey was awash in her—whoever she had been’s last ebbing spikes of adrenaline. And him—the tiredness in his voice—his name had been at the forefront of her mind, but now it was gone, and throw herself as she did into the gray haze that remained of dreams, she could not remember his name. Something shifted beside her. Kylo was sitting up, his head in his hands. Before she could ask what that was—a dream? A vision?—he spoke. “Rogue Leader Jyn Erso and Captain Cassian Andor,” he said, in a small, distant voice. “My mother used to tell me stories about them.” Rogue Leader. That was Master Luke’s designation as an X-wing pilot. ‘I would have been Rogue One,’ he had once told her. ‘But that name belongs to the crew that paved the way for the Rebellion’s victory.’ “They were the rebel scum,” Rey said. Their steely determination still pounded in her chest. Kylo turned to her, paused. “You’re weeping,” he said. The moonlight touched his face. “So are you,” she said. They were holding up the line at the docks. It was his transport that had arrived, and there was no reason why she should have accompanied him, but she had felt the want to. They had walked together in silence, yesterday’s argument completely dried up. He turned to her one more time. Underneath his hood he managed tenuous stillness. “You should keep this,” he said, putting the kyber crystal necklace in her hand. It was warm in her palm and on her fingers closing around it. She looked up at him, perfectly serious. “You know I can use this to kill you one day, right?” He shifted so she caught a glimpse of his eyes, at the cataclysm behind them. “You just might,” he said. He suddenly bent down, ignoring the flurry of the cue behind, to kiss her. It was brief, light on her lips, his nose brushing against hers, and then he had turned away to go. It was one of any number of kisses that had passed between them, but as Rey stood at the dock watching his transport chug away, it occurred to her that he had never kissed her good-bye before. Notes: This chapter was written with the aid of a generous amount of rum and Rogue One feelings pent up since I saw it last year (saw it thrice. In three consecutive days. Like a crazy person). I'm going to say that you can read Jyn and Cassian's relationship either way - it could be platonic, it could be romantic. I personally think they should have been making out on the beach, not even because they necessarily love each other, just that they're bout to die and Felicity Jones / Diego Luna is RIGHT THERE and if you must greet oblivion you might as well do it with some o that sweet sugar. Also, I don't actually know what a meiloorun's color is. Next chapter should be up by Tuesday. If you haven't subscribed yet, suggest that you do so as not to miss any updates :). Chapter 5 : On exclusivity Notes: So putting this here in response to some of the comments I'd gotten: This chapter contains threesomes and polyamory, which if it's not your thing, then consider this a warning. I've also updated the tags to reflect this (didn't bother tagging it in the start, because it's kinda a spoiler, and I tend to just update tags when the content referred to appears in the story). That said, although this is a one-off chapter, it is still consistent with how I view this version of the characters. But if this is not everyone's cup of tea, I totally understand. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) D’QAR Resistance Base Poe Dameron’s room Keeping the noise level down to a minimum was easier said than done. She’d managed to smother the throatier moaning, but her gasps were coming in bursts that carried over the creak of the bed springs, the thump of the backrest against the wall, intermingling with the breaths that came from beneath and behind her. “I’m—“ she lost the last of the words in an undignified wheeze. She pressed her elbows down on the mattress over Finn’s shoulders, trying to keep herself aloft. Beneath her, a smile briefly flickered through his features. But then his eyes drifted half-shut and he drove into her deep, making her arch her back. “I’m—“ she tried again. “You’re…?” Poe’s murmur tickled her ear from behind. He had one hand resting on her hip, the other’s fingers were intertwined in Finn’s. “I’m—“ she was straining her neck upwards, like she were trying to stretch herself out, to contain them both. But while Finn was fucking her cunt briskly, Poe was taking his time on her ass, and the disjointed friction was threatening to overwhelm her. Poe leaned into her neck, chin against her collarbone, as Finn propped himself up towards her face, his lips soft against the hardened line of her jaw. “Yes, you are,” Finn whispered against her mouth. She grit her teeth, tried to and failed to keep from crying out, giving herself over entirely to the wave that rushed her, like a blinding light going off behind her eyes, leaving her toes numb. Poe gave a muted “kriff”, and Finn released his pent-up breath in an exhalation that seemed to wash over the room. And then came the chuckling, and the process of disentangling. Rey bent forward and kissed Finn in the mouth, until Poe tugged her back, so he could kiss her, and then Finn yanked him down, so he could kiss him. It was Poe’s bed, and its most regular co-occupant was Finn, but every now and then an invitation reached Rey, and she never said no. “So who’s next in the middle then?” Finn asked. “I volunteer,” Rey said, smiling a bit too widely. Poe gave her ass a pinch. “Don’t be greedy, scavenger, you’ve already had us both.” Finn cupped his fingers behind his head, the muscles of his arms still tensed. “I know what this is,” he said, grinning. “She wants the other guy.” Rey, rolled onto her belly, summoned a confused expression. “What other guy?” Poe rested his chin on the base of his palm. His eyes were twinkling. “Guy. Girl. The person you keep running off to meet.” “There is no—“ “Rey,” Finn gave her a look a teacher might have given a youngling. “All these new solo missions? The suspicious lack of detail in your debriefings?” “The necklace BB-8 saw in your box of stuff?” Poe chimed in. She looked up sharply at that. The box contained her lightsaber and the kyber crystal, but in the hidden compartment was a First Order datapad / communicator, and a nondescript scrap of black gauze. Poe shrugged. “He wasn’t spying, he just caught you looking at it.” “There’s a running bet,” Finn said. “I’ve got my money on it being some dark and mysterious stranger you met while journeying with Skywalker. Some kind of Force-type.” “The pilots are split,” Poe added. “Half of them think it might be a smuggler who jumps around the outer rim, the other half thinks its an accounts manager from one of the core worlds. Jess Pava claims it’s her, maybe you want to make that a reality sometime, Rey.” “I overheard Skywalker telling the General it was probably Kylo Ren,” Finn said. Both Finn and Poe laughed at that, while Rey bit her lower lip. “Okay fine, don’t tell us who it is,” Finn shrugged. “But they know about this right?” He gestured at the three of them, in bed. “You have to be honest about these things.” “He knows,” Rey said, rolling her eyes at the gleeful “gotcha” expression on both their faces. “I’m not the only one he fucks either,” she said. It was one of their rules - they could fuck whoever they pleased. He had once even made a vague half-smiling reference toward “a blonde and a redhead.” FINALIZER First Order Resurgent-class Battlecruiser General Armitage Hux’s suite “So who is she?” Hux asked, from his corner of the bed. Kylo pretended not to hear. His head rested on Phasma’s lap, and he was still licking the taste of her off his fingers. “Or is it a he?” Hux was seated across them, skin pink from all the exertions of the evening. “It would certainly explain why you suddenly enjoy getting filled from behind. Is it one of the Knights?” Kylo lifted himself up, edging towards Hux so he could look the General in the face. Phasma watched without a word, but she settled back on the pillows, as though this were a show she’d seen many times before, and enjoyed. “What are you babbling about?” Hux’s hair, usually impeccable, was in disarray around his face. It was almost endearing. “Just tell me that it’s human. I wouldn’t put it past you to rut with the alien filth, but I will not have you carrying their taint into my chambers,” he looked down at Kylo’s legs with that pointed sneer. “You already insist on wearing your fucking boots to bed, I don’t know why I put up with you.” “Why, General?” Kylo smiled unpleasantly, pushing his face towards Hux’s, close enough to see the urge to recoil. Goading the man had such piquancies. “Does it fill you with insecurity to know that your ministrations aren’t enough for me?” “To sate the whole of your monstrous appetites?” Hux snorted. “I don’t fight battles I can’t win.” “Then who else I fuck should be of no concern of yours.” “It is a concern for the First Order,” Hux blustered. “Anything that proves a distraction for its favoured guard dog is an obstacle that has to be removed.” A sudden surge of anger arose, and Kylo just barely forced it down. “I am not distracted,” he said hotly. “Oh really? Captain—” Hux’s steely glare did not move from Kylo’s face. “How long has it been since the last time Ren destroyed a console?” “Three months, twenty-seven days, two hours,” Phasma intoned. “A new record.” “He seems smitten, doesn’t he?” “Infuriated, sir,” she said. “He is being infuriated.” That made both Hux and Kylo turn to where she lay, her hand resting on a raised knee so they could see the wet stripe of her cunt. There was an easy, predatory confidence to her, that was not diminished by whether or not she was in armor. “He has not been rejected, but he is still being denied what he wants most,” Phasma said. “By a woman.” Kylo shot her a look of warning, which she returned with the smallest lowering of her gaze. A grin was hidden under the gaunt lines of her face. “Tell us about him, at least,” Finn said, the blanket catching on his knees when he turned towards her. “He’s—“ Rey struggled for the word. “Don’t say ‘complicated’,” Poe said. “I hate that word, it’s a catch-all term for an umbrella of glorious personal deficiencies.” “He’s not exactly easy to deal with,” Rey said. “Well. No. Actually—that’s been easier than I thought it would be. But there are complications .” “Because you’re in the Resistance?” Poe asked. “No need to tell me how that can complicate things.” “Yes,” Rey said. That was true at least. “Among other things.” “Well if it goes well, it goes well, if it doesn’t, it doesn’t,” Poe shrugged. “But look at her,” Finn said. “She’s so...preoccupied by this person.” Not for the first time, Rey considered just telling them. But the thought of it made her stomach drop - she had a dozen ideas of how they’d react to knowing, but above it all floated the certainty that if the secret ever left her lips, it would all be over. And that wasn’t something she was ready for, just yet. Rey smiled nervously. “Look, one day I’ll tell you everything, and you’ll understand how fucked my situation is. But for now, I’m just sort of waiting to see how it pans out…” She trailed off. One of us will have to give, eventually , she thought. As she thought it, she had a notion of Kylo sitting on the bed—not this bed, a bigger one, the sheets dark and crisp except where someone had tracked their shoes on it—his back to her. The lights were dim where he was, but she could see the sheen of sweat down his spine. She said nothing, but it was as though he heard her anyway. She was lying on her belly on a bed of old white linen, chin resting on her forearm. She’d just had sex, he could almost smell it off her, could almost hear the familiar rhythm of her breathing. All he had to do was reach out, and he’d be able to touch the back of her leg. She looked up—did she see him? If he whispered her name, he knew she’d hear—but would she respond…? Right in front of his face was Hux, and he was bristling. “Don’t tell me you’re having a vision or something,” he shook his head. “I will never understand this sorcery.” With an effort, Kylo brought himself back into the present, ignoring the pounding in his chest. “Hardly sorcery,” he said, giving the General a curt look. He made a gesture and Hux fell onto his back, as though he’d been shoved. “I was just wondering how tight your ass is going to feel.” An expletive was halfway out Hux’s mouth when Kylo nodded to Phasma. “Captain,” he said. “Hold him down.” She was suddenly upon Hux, pinning his arms down over his head with one hand. With the other, she handed Kylo the discreet bottle of lube. Red flooded Hux’s face, all trace of his formal rigidity gone. “How dare the both of you—“ “Now, now, General,” Kylo smeared his dick with lube. He made sure Hux could see it. “Rest assured that I will not tire of dealing with you.” Hux resisted—he always did in the beginning. But Phasma pulled his wrists up on the bed, and Kylo scooped Hux’s legs up, pushing them towards his shoulders. “Ren—“ his teeth were grit, face burning. Kylo shoved himself into Hux’s ass hard, deep, and the tightness of the General’s face just unraveled. “Ren,” he said again, in a much-changed voice. Kylo looked up at Phasma, her forearms down on Hux’s wrists. She was no longer hiding that smile. “Enjoying this, Captain?” Kylo asked. “Quite so, sir.” “Good,” Kylo went faster, bending Hux’s legs back as far as they would go, but keeping his eye right on Phasma’s face. “Because you’re next.” “She’s gone,” Finn muttered. “Miles away.” Rey heard it as though from underwater. She had no idea where Kylo was at the moment, but she had a very good idea of what he was doing. “Rey?” Finn tried again. Both his and Poe’s faces floated into view. “And—now she’s back,” Finn grinned. “Where were you?” She blinked, dragging herself back to the room, noticing rather belatedly that she was wet again. “Oh,” she gave them both a smile. “I was just thinking…” “Thinking what?” She looked right into Poe Dameron’s face. “That you must be the most beautiful person in this whole damn Resistance.” Poe laughed at that. “Hear hear,” Finn said, reaching up towards Poe and catching his neck in the crook of his arm. Poe’s face softened as Finn drew him in for a kiss - entirely devoid of care or worry, nothing hidden, nothing held back. Rey wondered, briefly, what it would be like to kiss him like that. If that were even possible. There was a bladed edge to that thought, and it bit into her deeply. “Fine,” Poe made a sign of mock surrender and pointed at Rey. “You’re back in the middle.” She brought herself up, shaking away the sadness. She put on a serious tone. “Roger, Black Leader.” Notes: In my notes this chapter was called "Threesomes of the Light and Dark". Fyi, I never imagined Rey and Ren being monogamous :D. Their attachment to each other is not based on the fact that they can't get tail anywhere else if they so desired. Was actually pretty excited about writing this, it was originally supposed to be a one-off story in between 'Behind the Storm' and 'In The Middle of the Blue Ocean' (something about Rey and Ren being determined to put their tryst behind them, but somewhat failing, and the fact of this arising when they have sexytime with other people). But I prefer it here, becoming a venue for "what other people sorta know about the secret things they do." Also, Hux is a -treat- to write. If Rey and Ren turn out to be cousins, I will crack-ship Rey and Hux, just because that sweet antagonist-protagonist sexual tension must be met somewhere (guess we'll find out in THE LAST JEDI I am so excited over that title :D ). Next chapter up by Fridayyyyyy. Chapter 6 : On war Notes: At the risk of being rather spoilery, I've updated the tags of this fic again, to reflect stuff that'll happen in one form or another here on out. You may wanna check that out :). Also, things will get Darker. Not like -super- dark, but a bit darker than before, which is not to say there won't be Light either (flails arms shrugs) ehh you'll see. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) TAKODANA Battle at the Grove of Tears The spindly overgrowth swayed with the evening breeze, their stalks creaking, sending a flurry of knife-shaped leaves whirling around Kylo Ren’s shoulders. She was around here, somewhere. The towering canes blocked out the view of the landing fields, and the drum of the gun emplacements, so he could almost imagine he was in another world entirely, one disturbed only by the whisper of her. Was she among the trees? Behind the moss-covered rocks? With a twist half of annoyance and half of admiration, he realized she was deliberately hiding her presence with the Force. He hadn’t even known she could do that. But if he could not pinpoint her, she would attack by surprise. He drew his lightsaber, flipped the switch, singing a falling leaf on the sizzling red beam. The leaves cast shadows as they tumbled down, quivering like the wings of tiny insects. For a moment he was mesmerised by their gentle fall, only noticing at the last moment that a shadow, larger than all the others, had come down around him, and his saber shot up to meet hers in mid-slice, at full force from where she had leapt down from the trees. The crack echoed in the grove. He parried her back, but she landed on her feet, still in complete silence. That lightsaber was new. The blade was a brilliant gold, issuing from a hilt that had the same fittings as her quarterstaff. So she had made use of that kyber crystal after all. He strode forward, lightsaber swiveling in his grip. There was no need to rush. This was a familiar dance. She dodged his strikes, a single step to the left or right, never straying far, keeping her own blade between them. She was not going to speak to him, and he was not going to speak to her, because among all the rules they had, what they held above all was that whenever the time came for war, there was only war between them. This was what made all their other decisions bearable. He carved a scorching arc through a clump of green stalks, but at the point she might have slipped aside, she spun on her heel and struck. The tip of her blade caught him in the shoulder, the pain immediate, searing. But underneath the mask, he smirked. He greatly preferred her with the lightsaber than with the blaster, as he had first seen her, fumbling with the safety and firing haphazardly at him. Hadn’t that been on this very planet? He balled his hand into a fist and began slamming it into the wound. The pain flowered red, filling his mind with needle jabs. Warily, she stepped back. She didn’t know what to expect—good, he had a surprise for her. He drew on the pain, sharpened it into an edge with which he dug into the Force, summoning power to himself. She raised her saber high in anticipation, resolve tensioning her every muscle. He looked at her face and an acute sense of frustration bit into him. She was wasted on the Light. Power flowed down into the hand of his wounded arm, but the Force coursed through it, animated it. She had to know the power of the Dark Side - he was going to demonstrate it to her. The Force surged through the palm of his hand, heat and energy building up excruciatingly in his bones, making his fingers spasm. He raised his hand toward her, energy forcing his hand to unclench, and blasting out through the tips of his fingers in a crackling web of lightning that lit up the entire glade. She cried out as it caught her full in the torso. He could not sustain the lightning for long, it was only recently that he’d discovered the technique in Bastila’s holocron. But the burst was enough to knock her down to her knees, contorting under the crackle before it faded away. Silence momentarily returned to the grove as smoke arose from her robes. Anyone else would have admitted defeat. He'd seen it before - hardened warriors had been reduced to grovelling before him. But she--she was not just anyone. He was unsurprised when she stirred. Slowly, she turned her face up towards him. And—there it was. Rage. She pushed herself back onto her feet, the pure rage arising off her just as electric. She wanted to tear him to shreds, he could feel it. He opened his arms out towards her, inviting her to try. In the time it took for him to blink, she had crossed the space between them, saber burning. Shocked at her speed, he stepped back, his own saber rising reflexively to bat off a sudden succession of blows. As he stepped back, he saw the smallest movement of her thumb over a switch on her saber, and a second beam of gold light erupted from the bottom end of the hilt. Now it wasn’t one blade he had to guard against, it was two, blurring into a ring of fire as she rushed him, twirling the saber at her wrist. He met her attack with heavy smashes that threatened to break the chain of her movements, but she was drawing deeply on her anger--did she even realize she was doing that?--it suffused her, allowed her to absorb his strikes, returning every one of his with three of her own. He held his ground, refusing to be pushed back. At the smallest opening he hammered down with all his strength. But she allowed it to fall past her and moved in, locking the beam of his lightsaber against the bottom blade of hers. This left him open. The upper blade, she inched towards his neck. She had won, or at least she thought she did. Kylo’s mask was bathed in the sun-like glow of her saber. But red light flared up beneath her chin and shock registered on her face - he had one of his crossguard blades pointed directly between her breasts. They stood that way, exhalations deep, refusing to give or receive quarter, their blades locked in a tenuous balance. Only then did he reach out to her with his mind. Give in. In the red glare, a change come upon her. It was like her anger had just vanished—he had never understood how she was able to do that, just letting her anger drain away like it was nothing at all. What remained now was stone-faced determination. You give in , she thought back. Something else crossed her expression, something he couldn’t quite place - a strange flicker of sadness, and it occurred to him that neither of them had actually been referring to the fight at hand. He wanted to say her name, to whisper it to her, just between the two of them. But somewhere out of sight a twig snapped in half, and they realized that they weren’t alone. Several presences had entered the grove, their thrum as familiar to Kylo as the beat of his own heart. In the moment she was distracted, he drew on the Force and pushed her away, driving her back into the middle of the glade. From somewhere in the trees came a blaster bolt streaking directly towards Rey. She threw her saber up just in time to deflect it to the side, but already the Knights were coming out from between the stalks, like shadows under a rain of leaves. The Heavy came up last, lifting the cleaver sword off his shoulders and thrusting it into the ground. “Pardon the intrusion,” he said, voice booming through his mask’s voice modulator. “Were you two having a moment? Sorry to disturb.” Kylo turned towards Rey. There was no way she could defeat all of them. She knew as much. She still held her saber aloft, but she was straining to keep down panic. The Sniper snapped the blaster back to her shoulder, ready to fire again. But then came the shriek of an X-wing flying low overhead, Kylo watched it disappear out the corner of his eye. Following it was the tell-tale crump of payload hitting ground. Just over the far edge of the stalks, flames bloomed. Rey turned tail and ran, disappearing quickly in the overgrowth. The Armoury turned to Kylo. “Do we pursue?” “No,” he replied, killing the beam of his lightsaber. “Their reinforcements have arrived. We pull back, for now.” The Rogue straightened up from the rock she had been leaning against. “Don’t worry, Master,” she said. “You’ll get her next time.” Notes: So, yeah, pretty short, and not smutty, but this has actually been my favorite chapter of all the chapters I've written for this trilogy so far (including the chapters that have yet to be posted) :). Not-entirely-suppressed belligerent sexual tension between an antagonist and protagonist is the pitch on which I build my fortress. And in case you haven't noticed, I. Love. Fight scenes. (This one played out in my mind like a Gennedy Tartakovsky animation). Also, I realize the Knights of Ren have neither canon names or personalities yet, but I have headcanon'd the shit out of all of them. Next chapter up by Tuesday. Chapter 7 : On chains Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) NABOO Lake Country Rey peered out through the heavy curtains at the stretch of green outside the rented chateau. “You should see this, Ren,” she said. No response from behind her. “The sun’s hitting the stream, it’s all sparkly. And the shaaks are back. Those big ones from earlier. I think they’re grazing.” There was a low, inarticulate grunt, and the gentle clink of metal. “Would you like to see?” Rey asked, pulling up the over-large robe that sat on her shoulders, opened at the middle, to show that she was wearing nothing underneath it. He was on his knees on the carpet, bent towards the floor. At her question, he looked up, the slice of sun from the parted drapes catching the beads of sweat that ran down the scar on his face, and under the black blindfold. He was lost in the far reaches of pain, where it bordered on ecstasy. Rey made a small movement of her fingers, just the tips of them visible past the cut of her sleeve. The golden links that snaked around his limbs tightened, pulling his arms back like a bird’s wings, coiling around his elbows, forcing them to twist into an angle that made him bite into his gag. Rey watched the hollows of his shoulders deepening, wondering how long she could keep him like that. She bit her lip. “Didn’t think so,” she murmured. It had begun with an idle thought that had appeared in Rey’s mind while she was watching the D’Qar Base ground crew hooking up stacks of crates to the cargo lifts. The winches hung from fat industrial chains that clacked as they tensed. Could she snap that chain with the Force, if she wanted to? Could Kylo Ren? The two thoughts had met and merged and produced an image that given her a flutter unnoticed by anyone else. That same afternoon, she had sent him a few suggestive pics from her datapad. He had responded with a simple ‘huh.’ ‘For you?’ his next message had asked. ‘No, you.’ It had been a full hour until he had responded again. ‘Where are you even going to get all that stuff?’ ‘Same place I got the images,’ she had said. The holonet. Another long pause. ‘I just got out of a bacta tank,’ he had written. ‘Do you intend on putting me back in?’ ‘No,’ she had snickered at that, as she typed. ‘I’ll be very careful, I promise.’ They had a rule about that - being careful in what they did to one another. It came with the territory, given the strength they both possessed. But despite the odd bruise, or bite, or scratch, that rule had never actually been tested before. ‘If you’re worried that it’s going to hurt, I can go really really easy on you,’ she had added, although if there was one thing she knew about him—from every duel, conversation, and fuck—it was that he could stand a little physical pain. A lot of it, actually. Harnessing the Dark Side actually made him seek out pain sometimes, Rey mused. Sure enough, he had responded, ’It’s not the pain that concerns me.’ She didn’t have to ask to know what it was. Finding himself in a position of helplessness rankled him, but it had quite the opposite effect on Rey. ‘If it goes somewhere you don’t like, you can always break out of it,’ she had said. She had determined that she could snap a chain purely on her will and the Force, if she really needed to. And if she could, so could he. ‘Oh, and all the how-to sites say we should have an abort phrase, just in case,’ she added. ‘The word will be “ewok.”’ ‘I don’t imagine I’ll be able to speak.’ ‘Then just think it really loudly.’ She had imagined him roving the Finalizer with the images in his mind. Pity the stormtrooper who crossed him then. ‘We can try? Just to see? How it goes?’ He had finally answered, ‘fine.’ In the chateau’s drawing room, curtains shut, lights set low, he had undressed rather warily. Probably because she had at the same time began bringing out the chains from her pack. There seemed to be such a great length of it jingling down onto the carpet. “What is that?” he’d asked. “This? It goes into your mouth.” “No, I meant that,” he gestured towards the other end of a length of chain. “Oh, that. It goes up your ass,” Rey said. His face had changed color so quickly, Rey had to bite back a laugh. “I do appreciate this,” she had said. For some reason, that had made his color deepen. “You fucking well better,” he had muttered. Rey made a slow circuit around him, the edge of her robe brushing the carpet. The chains connected to bands that wound around his neck, knees and elbows, wrists and ankles, to rings on every segment of every one of his fingers. They coursed through to metal loops, one of which rested on his chest, and the other at his back, square between the shoulders. Rey could manipulate the chains as surely as she would have a puppet’s strings. She had pulled him into some distracting shapes, testing the strain of his muscles, the range of his joints, pushing as far as she dared, and then just a bit more, until clinched groans rose up from his throat. Now, she made a gesture like she were squeezing something in her grip, and the chains shifted, dragging his torso up by the shoulders. With every link of the chain slipping through the metal loops, the gag was pulled further down into his mouth, the phallus pressing deeper up his ass. A high, tight gasp escaped the gag, a thin line of drool trickling down the corner of his mouth. She turned her hand to the side, like she were turning a dial, and the little rings on his fingers reacted, twisting his wrists outwards, the bones threatening to pop. He did not ask her to stop. He had resisted at first, involuntarily, tensing against the pull of the chains as they brought him down to kneel on the carpet. “Comfortable?” she had asked. “As comfortable as I’m going to get.” She leaned towards him, close enough to smell the salt of his skin, her eyes level to his. “Cede your will to me, entirely,” she had said, echoing the words he had spoken to her in an entirely different place, although it had also been in shadow, and it had been her on the brink of surrendering control. Voice soft, he had replied, “I’m yours.” She held the gag to his lips and he bit on it while she strapped it behind his head. He was supplicant now, waiting on her lead. That made her smile. “One more thing.” From the pocket of her robe she pulled out a black scrap of gauze that had once belonged to a piece of saucy undergarment that he had torn apart while she was wearing it. She draped the cloth across his eyes, knotting it at the back of his head. And then she had stepped back and observed him, at the way his breathing had grown pointed, at the engorgement of his dick. “Perfect,” she had said. Rey’s own breathing grew tremulous. She idly strummed at herself between her legs, as the chains pulled him all the way back, so the back of his head touched the carpet. His legs were folded under his thighs, arms bent, tucked at his back. With another gesture, his spine arched upwards, chin forced out, so that his torso was a smooth crescent of tensed muscle, with his dick rigid on his belly. A new thought came to her, a temptation that made her tight just to consider. She could do anything with him like this. Rey knelt down next to him, touching the tip of her nail to the base of his balls. He trembled, heaving against the chains, as she traced a line that went up the shaft of his dick, up his chest, and toward his neck. She put her finger against his throat, light enough that he would have barely felt it, but underneath his trachea constricted. Shock burst through him—fear—his line of air suddenly reduced to a thin stream that only just allowed him to remain conscious. She could feel his heart pounding as though it were hers, his mind screaming for him to escape. A dark rush overtook her, surprising in its suddenness, and its sweetness. As he shuddered, she stroked the underside of his chin, wondering how much pressure she’d have to put to kill him. It wouldn’t take much. She could close his throat up before he even reacted. It was that easy. He’d deserve it, wouldn’t he? After everything he’d done. He was struggling now, under her hold. People would thank her for ending him. And she didn’t have to stop with him. Everyone who deserved it—Unkat Plutt’s face came to mind, how he’d scrabble at his throat as he choked—those two rat shits Devi and Strunk—the scavengers who had forced her into the old crumbling ventilation shafts of downed starships to salvage parts, even if her knees were raw, and her knuckles bleeding—her family— She froze. Her family. Their faces were blurs in her memory—the shuttle had taken off as she had screamed at the sky, and the pain that had left behind was like a crater in her chest—over months, years, she had sanded down the jagged edges of that pain with the thought that they’d come back, of course they’d come back—but if their throats were beneath her hands, would they finally answer why—why had they never returned? Her stomach turned. All of a sudden, it was like she couldn’t recognize herself. Quickly, she turned her back on the precipice that had unknowingly opened up before her feet, leaping away before it swallowed her whole. She released his throat and he breathed in greedily, seemingly unaware of how far her thoughts had gone. Trying to rid herself of the sourness that persisted in her mind, she reached out for his dick. His breaths sharpened at the tightness of her hold, and she tugged, aggressively, making the lines deepen on his face, until he came, moaning into the gag, streaming and flecking white all over his torso. Only then did the clutch of the chains relax, and he fell back, limbs untangling, breathing as hard as she was. The chains sat in a harmless pile beside them. He had not wanted to rise from the carpet, so she sat there with him, in the column of light made by the slightly parted curtains. His head rested on her lap. “That—” he said. “Well, that had its moments.” “So you’d do it again?” she asked, with a small smile. He tugged at the black ribbon that had at some point, slid down to his collar. “Maybe,” he said. As she tucked a lock of hair behind his ear, he turned up to her. “The answer to your other question is ‘yes’,” he said. “What other question?” “The one that was in your mind while you were choking me. ‘Does it always feel this good to hold someone’s life in your hands?’ The answer is yes.” She quieted at that, at the touch of air from the yawning abyss. “I don’t think I’d agree with that,” she said, her voice stiffening. His gaze did not waver. She suddenly had the feeling he could keep her right where she was, just with that look. “If one day you change your mind, tell me,” he said, reaching up and touching the line of her neck, as she had done to him, “And I will show you how to break your chains for good.” She felt a chill at his touch. “Still trying to seduce me to the Darkness?” she asked. He shrugged, as though it were the most trivial thing in the world, but his eyes never left her. “I want you at my side. Was that ever a secret?” “No,” she said, finding that she could not quite look away. “I suppose not.” Notes: "...Through power I gain victory/ Through victory my chains are broken/ The Force shall free me" - Sith Code. Meanwhile, real life writing-for-money is going to be taking up some of my time, so updates in the next couple of weeks maaaay slow down a bit (writing copy for a construction company guys do you see why I need fanfiction in my life). Will still strive for 2x a week, but we shall see. Next update should be by Saturday. Chapter 8 : On pretending I Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) LAH’MU Equatorial Continent Where the Stones Reach for the Heavens The shimmer of Lah’mu’s planetary ring looked from the ground like a broad streak of paint arching directly overhead, as pale as the soil beneath was black. Kylo Ren, in full raiment and mask, stood like something molded from that very earth, waiting on a hilltop from which he could see for miles around. He had been watching the exhaust trail of the oncoming speeder for the last few minutes, tracing its approach through the charcoal-colored slopes, and between the monstrous rock obelisks that had inspired legends of an ancient lost civilization that had used those standing stones to divine the stars. The speeder came to a halt at the foot of the knoll and Rey emerged, dressed in training garb as black as the hill, as his own robes. She had traded her usual three-bun hairstyle for a severe knot at the back of her head. She made her way up wordlessly, and came to a pause right in front of him. She dropped to one knee, head turned down. “Sorry I’m late, Master,” she said. Kylo tilted his head to the side, made a gesture that she should rise. As she did, her solemnity slipped. A cheeky smile emerged. “You’re fucking loving this, aren’t you?” she said. Behind the mask, Kylo had been chewing on his lower lip the entire time. “You have no idea,” he said. “Is this where I demonstrate the extent of my being sorry?” Rey asked, taking one step forward, expectation in her eyes. “Yes,” he said. “With a hundred push-ups. Followed by a hundred squats. And a hundred sit-ups.” Her face fell with the suddenness of a summer downpour. “Wait are—are you serious?” He nodded. “Also, a few laps up and down this hill.” She looked over her shoulder, seemed to appreciate only now just how tall and steep the hill was. “But this is just pretend,” she said. Pretending was a harmless pastime. A game. At least according to the rules. “It is,” Kylo said. “Pretending involves you doing a hundred push-ups, starting now.” He allowed a pause to hang in the air. “You’re right, a hundred is excessive. Maybe you can do…fifty?” “I can do a hundred,” she said testily, realizing as she did that she had now committed herself to the entirety of the exercise. “Fine,” she huffed, returning to the ground and beginning. Kylo knelt down next to her. Her form was perfect, muscles taut, shoulders set, the pumping of her arms machine-like. The shifting waters of her face swirled from irritation, to resolve, and then back to irritation. “I don’t need you looking over my shoulder, Master,” she muttered. He had not stopped grinning. “Too bad, Apprentice.” Luke Skywalker would have been proud. She did not complain aloud, even if the look she shot him, as she jogged up and down the hill, and dodged the Force-flung pebbles he attacked her with on her seventy-fifth lap, and in her first hour headstanding on the top of the hill, was an escalation of ‘ the sex had better be really really good .’ “That’s enough,” he finally said, as she sidestepped the last of his lightsaber swipes. Rey had considerable stores of endurance, but it was not inexhaustible. “Is it?” she asked, legs trembling, hairs plastered to the sides of her face. Her training garb had turned a deeper shade of mud and sweat-lined black. “Sure you don’t want a piggy-back ride around the hills?” “One last thing,” Kylo said, leading the way to one of the standing stones. It was an ancient, wind-worn obelisk, like a commuter shuttle with its nose pointed up towards the sky. It had weathered storms, the landfall of settlers, and the slow shift of the tectonic plates beneath. “Use the Force to lift that up,” he said. She turned from him, to the obelisk, still gathering her breath. “That thing?” “Yes.” “That whole thing?” “You don’t think you can do it?” She didn’t say it. But she took her time straightening up. It was one thing to use the Force to shove an opponent during a duel, or to call a lightsaber to hand (or, he considered, to manipulate many thin lines of chains at once—a thought that tingled, not in an unpleasant way). But this required a bestial amount of raw strength. She extended one hand towards the obelisk and he felt her power welling up, could almost taste it in the air, through his mask’s filters. Tension suffused her, from her fingers, up her arm, to the set of her jaw. She had a grip on the obelisk, he could see that. Old dust broke from the standing stone’s face, floating down in a fine cloud. But the soil rumbled, like it were refusing to give the obelisk up. Rey stepped forward, hand still up, her fingers coiling. It didn’t matter that this was all just a game. She saw the obstruction, wanted to move it, needed to move it. She couldn’t have exerted more effort than if she were trying to move the rock with her own two hands. But the minutes trickled by, and her power began to ebb, the soil stopped rumbling. She stooped down, hands on her knees. “I can’t,” she finally said. Her failure stung. Just as he thought it would. “Try something for me,” he said, drifting towards her shoulder. “You were drawing power from a place of tranquility, finding stillness in yourself, and using it to extend your will outwards.” He remembered precisely what that felt like, how proud he had been to be able to do it. “But there is another well from which you can draw power.” She already knew where he was going. “You want me to draw on the Dark Side,” she said flatly. “Let there be nothing but truth between us,” he said. “Yes, I want you to try it.” She folded her arms. “Ren—“ “Hear me out,” he said, holding his hands up. “You already do it—I feel it when we fight. Your rage pours out from you.” He turned towards the obelisk. “Try it deliberately, just once. If anything, it will give you a better understanding of what the Jedi of old were trying to avoid.” She grimaced at that, turned back to the rock. “Your anger runs deep,” he said. “Feel it, like a current within you. Let it focus your will.” She hadn’t even raised her hand, but a different scent seemed to charge the air. “Anger,” she grimaced. “What has getting angry ever gotten me?” An edge was creeping into her tone, though he wasn’t sure she was even aware of it. “You know what anger is? I was a kid—I’d found the freighter during one of my salvages. Knew I could fix it up. It would take time, and I’d have to hoard supplies, but—think of all the portions I could get. That’s what I was thinking—not even that I could fix it and fly the fuck out of Jakku. No, I was going to wait right where I was, but I was going to get way more food portions for a working ship than a broken one. “Devi and Strunk found out about it. Said they’d help me for a cut of the portions,” there was a crack, like lightning on a dry day. It had come from the obelisk. Rey continued as though she hadn’t heard. “I knew it would be a fool thing to trust them. But I needed more supplies. And they were handy when the Teedos swarmed the freighter. A cut of the portions, I figured, sure, why not. They’d earned it…” The rumbling returned to the ground beneath their feet. “We brought the freighter to Niima Outpost together. The other scavengers—they even seemed happy for us. Biggest score anyone had seen in a while. And a year of my life spent repairing it. I’d even made a couple of friends—me. I went ahead to tell Unkar Plutt. And those two rats took the freighter and flew away.” Her fingers were digging into her arms. “I could have screamed at the sky, but would that have brought them back? They wouldn’t even have heard. No—screaming at the sky doesn’t get you anything—“ The air was heavy with a thrumming that emanated squarely from Rey. Surprised at herself, she looked towards Kylo. “Use it,” he said, pointing at the obelisk. “Use it now.” Hesitating, she reached out with her hand again. There was a tremor, and the earth which had packed the base of the obelisk for thousands of years cracked open. So much of the obelisk had been buried. Now, stone that hadn’t seen the sun in millennia was being dragged into the light. Rock powder streamed down around the stone face, and for a moment Rey held it fully in the air, like a splint pulled from the planet’s skin. “That,” Kylo said. “That is the spear tip of your anguish.” He watched her face, at the pitched, disturbed confusion. “All your anger—all your pain has a use,” he said, stepping towards her, the words arising heavily. “They give you power.” These were the teachings of the Sith lords, of the Supreme Leader, but the words were his own. He had whispered it to himself when he was alone, fending off dreams of the Jedi school. He placed himself before her, close enough to see sweat beading on the furrows of her brow. “I want you to know that you have suffered nothing in vain. What has hurt you only makes you stronger.” Elation rose briefly in her eyes, before something snuffed it out. She let her hand drop, and he heard the obelisk falling behind him, crumbling onto the hill with a quake that would have been felt for miles around. A deep quietude had come to Rey, as blackened earth dusted her cheek. “I’m tired,” she said. He had pitched the two-person tent in the shadow of one of the hills. He’d even brought in enough water to bathe in, and a small metal tub to put it all in. If she had asked how he’d gotten all that stuff out in the hinterlands, he would have told her that it had taken three days, a small amount of negotiation with a local moisture farmer, and about five minutes of bullying use of a speeder out of Mitaka. It had been meant as a surprise, at the end of a day of training. It had also been meant to be the starting point of what he’d figured would be a long night of an entirely different sort of teaching. But she did not ask. She sat in the tub in the same suspicious silence, broken only by the slosh of water when she shifted her legs. She hadn’t even looked at him, as they had gone back down the hill with the black cloud of dust the fallen obelisk had raised. Kylo watched her from the corner, feeling the grind and twist of her emotions. He could just as well have been on the other side of the galaxy. He had considered something like this might happen. Forbidden truths had that effect. But now that he had shown her what she was capable of, he wasn’t entirely sure what to make of it himself. He should have been pleased. Instead, what he had was a growing gnawing, accompanied by the thought that she’d have to speak to him again, eventually. But as he made to remove his mask, her voice came from across the tent. “Don’t.” She was looking at him from over her shoulder, wet hair snaking around her shoulders. He recognized that look on her face. “Keep it on,” she said. He couldn’t keep the incredulity from his voice. “You want me? With the mask?” She rose from the tub. “Nothing but truth between us right?” There was a deliberate slowness to the way she walked to him, allowing him to watch the water steaming down her skin, the shine it granted to the swell of her breasts, the taut ridges of her belly. She stopped short of him, water dripping down in rivulets from her hair to his boots, and put a hand adorned in shining droplets at the base of his gorget. “Yes, my Master. With the mask.” This, he hadn't planned. But he was so hard he felt he could burst, tight heat fanning out across his chest. Just as he reached up to touch her shoulder, she drifted backwards, footprints dark on the floor. He caught a droplet of bath water on his glove, as she swept across the room, to the cot. It creaked underneath her. “I like to think of you sometimes, in the mask, when I play with myself.” She tilted her knee to the side so he could see the gleam between her legs. Despite himself, his hands were twitching. “In the shower usually,” she said. “Or on long flights, in my quarters. When I’m alone with my thoughts, I allow you to appear as you do now.” She wasn’t quite smiling, but her hand slipped down the inside of her thigh, fingertips burying themselves in her pubic hair. It had grown warm inside Kylo’s mask, the closed helmet seemed to amplify his breathing. “I imagine how you walk towards me, like you know what you’ve come to take, that you will not be denied. It used to frighten me to think of you that way, but at some point the feeling changed. It became thrilling. What would have made me run away before, became…” She spread the lips of her cunt with a pair of fingers, the wet pink of it beckoned. “…something far more interesting.” Kylo just realized that his hands were already moving, fumbling at his belt, at the front of his robes, as he took a heavy step towards the cot. “Sometimes I imagine we’re back in that interrogation room,” Rey said. She half-smiled at that. “Yes, strange, I know. I imagine you telling me you can take whatever you want, but you have no idea what I can give .” The cot cried out under the weight of Kylo’s knee. His dick was throbbing in his gloved hand. “What would you give me?” he asked, voice tight through the voice modulator. “I’d throw the doors of my mind open to you, let you see how much I have wanted—how much—I have longed for—“ He pushed her shoulders down onto the cot. “—You,” she breathed, her legs on either side of his hips. Inside the mask, behind his garments, Kylo could feel the adrenaline surge reaching perilously close to a tipping point, strengthening under the strum of her words. “I can’t move against the restraints but I’m so wet,” her eyes briefly shut, like she was imagining it even now. “With the lightsaber…you slice through my clothes, I’d feel just the hot tip of it across my skin. And you’d take your fucking time—your gloves would be on my legs—like that—and your suit pressed up against me, tight, so when you hold me to you I…” There was a tautness to the muscles of her back, of her ass, speaking of all her exertions that afternoon. When he dug his fingers into them, her words began to break, but her brow furrowed and she made herself continue. “…It’s like I’m crushed up against you. When I look up, all I see is your mask—” Her eyes drifted upwards. He knew they met the dark visor, the gashed mouthguard, all the little nicks in the silver lining. “—Just like that,” she said quietly. He eased himself into her, and a wordless murmur escaped her lips. “Continue,” he said, feeling her tight around his dick. “My Apprentice.” “It’s all I see,” she said, her voice airy. “When you put yourself inside me. You’re so hard, so hot. Pushing inside, again and again—“ She gasped. Her legs slipped around his back, feet hooking behind him. Her hands were on her knees, it’s like she was pulling him deeper into her. “We could be fighting in the glade again, just us, and—I’ve had enough of fighting—let’s just disappear into the shadows, you can take me against the stalks, rough enough to make the leaves fall—“ Her words came more urgently as he rocked himself against her. “In the house, with that nice glass ceiling, I’ll suck your dick while you breathe through that fucking mask—“ Harder now, seeing how long she could keep up her talk. He was biting down the urge to moan aloud, but it was building up in his chest, in his throat. “Or, outside. In the snow—you’ll say I need a teacher. I’ll say—yes. Teach me. What I need to learn. On my back, or on my knees, or with my ass in the air, I’ll take all your sweet tutelage. I’ll take it all… You’ll tell me to join you, there, in the Dark…” “Yes—“ he whispered. Behind her, the mattress was dark with bathwater, the legs of the cot screeching in protest, threatening to splinter. “The Darkness, I feel it,” her head fell back at the release of a long-held confession. “Constantly. Surrounding me, pressing against my skin. You’ll say, let it in, let it in, Apprentice, and I will, let it all the way inside—let it consume me—“ The rush that had built up coiled around Kylo’s limbs. He needed to hear this—needed it— “And I want it to,” she whispered, her eyes bright. “Sometimes, I want it to, so bad. It would be—the easiest thing in the world. To just—give in—“ Her hands went around his head, and with a sudden forcefulness she yanked his helmet down towards her. Inside the mask, a small undulation escaped Kylo’s throat. She was kissing the mask. Without seeing, he knew that her lips were parted on the mouthguard, her tongue tracing a line on the metal. The dam within him broke. He reared up and tore the mask off, the cold air biting his face. He flung the helmet aside and it landed on the other side of the tent. He dove down again, pushed his mouth against hers, hard enough to take the air from her lungs. They came that way, breathing in one another's cries, her nails raking against the leather of his suit, the heat of her gasps puffing down his neck. He drew away to see her eyes on his face, as though this were the first time she’d ever seen it. She reached up with her hand. He was familiar by now with the touch of her fingers on his face, knew the way they traced his eyebrows, his nose, the line of his chin. But right now, it was only one particular path her fingers visited - the scar left by a lightsaber strike she had dealt him what seemed like ages ago. Her voice was soft. “If I’d given in, I wouldn’t have gone for your face,” she said. “I would have gone for your throat.” She followed the line across his face, over and over again, gently. “You were on the ground, bleeding. You knew, as well as I did, that it would have been nothing at all to let the saber fall.” Her fingers came to a stop at his cheek. “How many times have I almost killed you, Kylo Ren?” He kept perfectly still, somehow entirely certain that he was the one who’d been mastered. “It’s not just for my sake that I have to resist the Dark,” she said. Her eyes spoke of a tiredness that had nothing to do with the day’s exertions - the longer he stared, trying to trace the source of that tiredness, the deeper he seemed to fall. Notes: Push-ups are hard, guys. Also, the Devi and Strunk story comes from Before the Awakening, which I have not read, but Wookieepedia'd as part of researching Rey. When I started writing this trilogy, I thought Rey was Cool And All, but had a far greater affection for Kylo Ren. But since Finding Out As Much As I Can About Rey, my appreciation for her has grown exponentially. Like if Reylo becomes canon in the movies, but comes in a way that is out of character for her, I won't buy it. Aaaand we're past the halfway point of the story (!). Some Stuff needs to happen, so the upcoming chapters are stretching out a bit longer than I thought they would (so good thing, more story; bad thing, more time needed to write. WHOO). Next update will be Wednesday. I guess you can call it an adventure story (shrug :D). Chapter 9 : On involvement Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ORACIONE 7 Giga-class transport Lothal system Sur waddled down the hallways as quickly as his legs could take him, comms in one hand, vibrosword in the other. Overhead, the emergency lights washed the walls in red. The hallway shuddered - another explosion. A herd of panicked Ithorians ran past him from the opposite direction—“Stay calm!” he wheezed, “Head to the life pods—“ and not a one of them even glanced down at him as they passed. Another explosion nearly knocked him to his knees as his comms buzzed to life. “ Sur—deck 7 clear? ” “Deck 7 clear,” he grunted, but then the sanitation closet in the corner opened and a human male stepped out—on the tall side for his species, prominent nose, messy dark hair, and an angry scar across his face. “No wait,” Sur groaned. “Another kriffing passenger, I’ll clear him out.” Sur tottered over to him, prepared as an official representative of the Floating Hotel and Buffet Bar Oracione 7 to instruct him towards safety, but the man reared towards him, finger pointed down at his snout. “You.” He was bossy, this one. “You will tell us what’s happening here.” Us? A human female emerged from the closet, pale skin, lithe build, simultaneously smoothing down her dishevelled hair and vigorously wiping at her mouth. Sur wasn’t an idiot, he knew what this was. “No good what you’re doing,” he said to them. “There’s no hiding from those kriffing pirates.” “Hiding?” The man’s face was remarkably calm. “Yes. We were hiding. From the pirates.” “What pirates?” the woman asked, zipping up the front of her vest. “The pirates who boarded us an hour ago! They been killing passengers, ransacking the stores—“ anger made Sur’s words disappear into a series of snorting Ugnaught curses in reference to mothers and body parts and old cheese. He could have gone on, but his comms buzzed again. “ Deck 7 compromised—you hear me Sur?—Deck 7 is— “ there was a crackle and a high static whine, and the noise from the other end died. Sur’s blood ran cold. “Okay—“ he looked up towards the passengers—paid passengers of the vessel he had been pledged to since he was just growing into his tusks. His responsibility. “This is what we do,” he said. “The life pods are starboard. You two stay behind me. We’ll go sneaky-like, and if we run into any of the pirates—“ he brandished the vibrosword, which was almost as tall as he was. “You leave ‘em to me.” The male looked like something Sur had just said was personally offensive to him, but the woman smiled, got down on one knee so she could look Sur right in the face. “Look, Mister…Sur, right? My companion and I are used to dealing with um, pirates. So how about we take the lead and you follow us?” Sur bristled. “No can do ma’am, I can’t let it be said that Deckhand Bob Sur let passengers risk their lives in his line of duty—“ “Do you even know how to use this thing?” the man asked. For some reason, the vibrosword had migrated from Sur’s hand to his without Sur noticing at all. The Ugnaught squealed. “How did you—when—“ “Trust me,” the woman said, getting to her feet and turning back to the sanitation closet. “It’s better in his hands than yours.” “But—“ She took a mop from the closet and kicked out the head, leaving her with the pole. The man leaned towards her, voice dropping, but he didn’t seem to know how good an Ugnaught’s hearing was. “Does he have to come with us?” “Why not?” she held up the mop handle, like she were testing its weight. “He’s going to hold us back.” “He’s coming with us.” “We have a rule against getting involved in other people’s problems—“ She gave him a look that made the hairs at the back of Sur’s neck stand on end. “Fuck the rules,” she said. “We’re not leaving him.” And then she turned back to Sur, as though she hadn’t just looked at her companion like she could strangle him with a thought. “Now why don’t you show us the way to the life pods?” The man and the woman walked ahead. The man had an obnoxious habit of twirling the vibrosword in his grip. “What an ungainly thing,” he was saying. “Haven’t touched one of these since I was a youngling.” “There’s a thought,” the woman said, snickering. Sur wasn’t sure what the relationship between these two were. Humans were difficult to tell apart, so at first he was pretty sure they were kin. Brother and sister maybe. Or cousins. But there was something about how she spoke to him, like she were enjoying being able to talk to him a bit too much. And something about how he stole glances at her as they walked, like he were looking for her approval. Sur didn’t know. Thinking about it was making his head spin. They came to an abrupt halt, ducked behind a fleximetal crate. Just past was the Deck 7 main lobby, where a large group of pirates had begun stacking up boxes of loot. Dead Ithorians littered the floor, limbs splayed in pools of blood. Sur’s knees began to quiver. There were six—no, ten—no, twenty of them - hulking Gamorreans in black spike-studded armor, blasters at their shoulders and vibro-axes at their belts. The woman bent towards the man, “I’ll take left and you take right?” “If you want to sit this one out, I can actually take them all out,” he said. Before they could decide, a loud, pitchy battle cry emerged from the crate they were hiding behind. As one, the pirates turned in their direction. The crate burst open and a tiny figure, tinier than Sur, ran out towards the pirates, brandishing what looked like a shiv hewn from an old toothbrush. The figure struck the nearest Gamorrean in the knee, stabbing wildly, screaming in such uncurbed fury that even the pirates at the other end of the lobby came over to see what all the ruckus was about. The tiny figure didn’t seem to realize that its little shiv was doing nothing against the Gamorrean’s greaves. The pirate on the receiving end shrugged towards its companions, lips curling up over its fangs in a grin. “That’s Swabber Gid,” Sur said, in disbelief. “He’s going to get himself killed!” The pirate picked Swabber Gid up by the scruff of his collar, while the tiny figure continued to flail. He was a Kel Dor, eyes like watery beads, face mask not at all muffling his continued shrieking. He was probably seven years old. Another pirate had lifted up his blaster, business end pointed at Gid’s face, when the woman, who had just a moment ago been crouched right in front of Sur, was suddenly airborne, staff over her head. Afterwards, Sur wouldn’t be able to tell what happened, it was all so fast. The blaster had gone off, but it had hit another pirate square in the chest—the one holding the blaster was suddenly down, his helmet cracked in half—the pirate holding Gid was doubled over, eyes bulging in pain—and the woman was in the air again, twisting as she arced to catch a pair of Gamorreans with the blunt ends of her staff. Sur suddenly realized he was alone behind the crate. The man had simply walked into the fray, as though he had all the time in the world, pausing just to grab Gid off the floor and hurling him one-handed over the crate. Sur grunted as the boy landed in his arms. “Gid—“ The deckhand gripped the boy by the shoulders. “What the fuck were you thinking, hiding in that box?” “I weren’t hiding,” the boy said, his black eyes reflecting Sur’s quivering snout. “I were waiting to shank them.” “You little shit,” Sur said, but relief flooded his tone. Past the crate, a bloodbath was happening. The woman was like a kriffing typhoon, picked her way through the pirates, weaving in and out. But the man was a cold-eyed monster—walking up to one pirate and stabbing him in the chest, walking to the next pirate and stabbing him in the chest. He was leaving a trail of bodies behind. A wave of blaster fire erupted from behind the man. He spun about, side-stepped the volley, and Sur thought he saw a single blaster bolt suspended right in front of the man’s outstretched hand, hazy as a mirage, before the man stepped aside, and it continued down its vector right into another pirate’s skull. Sur immediately dismissed it though, because what the fuck, how did that even make sense. It took the humans about ten minutes to clear the lobby. “You stupid boy,” the man’s voice echoed in the lobby as he stalked towards Gid. Sur had the instinct to throw himself between the man and the boy, but the little Kel Dor stood up defiantly. “What did you think you were doing ?” the man pulled his voice low, into a simmering hiss, looming over Gid. “No strategy, no skill, no thought whatsoever.” “They was killing passengers,” the boy said, his hands balling into quivering fists. “So I was gunna kill them back.” “You were helpless,” the man said, sinking down to a knee, putting himself eye-to-eye with the boy. “Didn’t your parents tell you not to get into fights you can’t win?” “Doesn’t matter,” the boy said, the tentacle-like bulbs on either end of his face tensing in frustration. “They just left me here.” A strange look came upon the man’s face. Sur took it to be confusion, and so explained. “Gid’s an indentured serviceman, like me,” Sur said. “His family were driven out of their city when the First Order took over. Parents sold him to the Oracione because they couldn’t afford him no more.” The lines at the corners of the man’s mouth hardened. The woman had come up behind, her eyes sharp on both Sur and Gid, her grip on the staff tight. Another explosion rocked the lobby, sending loose panels on the ceiling crashing down. Electrical wires tore free, sending sparks flying over the bodies of the downed pirates. Sur looked up in alarm. “That sounded like the engine.” “Life pods,” the woman said. There was supposed to be a walkway connecting the lobby to the life pod bay, spanning a straight drop down to the sub-levels. There was about half the walkway left. Sur walked up to the edge. A wave of hot air was coming up from the chasm, making his cheek flaps flutter. “No kriffing way,” he said, turning back to the two humans and one Kel Dor. “I know you’re both Dathomirian witches or some shit, but you cannot make that jump.” He paused. “More importantly, neither Gid nor I can make that jump.” “Where do you get in life with a mentality like that,” the man muttered, arms crossed. The woman had not stopped scanning the distance between the edge of the broken walkway, and the corridor beyond. She walked back a few paces, and without another word to any of them, dashed up to the edge and leaped. It was impossible, as Sur had said. He had known enough humans to know that they could not have had the leg power to reach that far. But something kept the human woman in the air, gliding almost, before she angled down, landed hard at the far end, rolled with the impact. She stood up and gave everyone on the other end a smile. “Your turn, Mister Sur!” Sur began backing away, stubby fingers up. “No—“ he had a very clear vision of what he’d look like pancaked a hundred hundred meters below. But he had backed up against the man’s legs. As he turned up at the man’s face, it occurred to him that those were the eyes of someone who had killed very many people before. “You can jump, or you can be thrown,” he said, voice somehow carrying over the increasing rumbling that went through the entire deck. “I promise, you won’t fall,” the woman yelled. “Also you might want to hurry.” Sur took one last look at Gid, the Kel Dor's young face twisted in fear, and at the man, who was between boredom and impatience. Sur ran. It wasn’t as much a run as a very brisk waddle, feeling all those years guzzling passengers’ leftover beer in his gut. He was out of breath before he got to the edge, was wheezing as he jumped. The angle was wrong, the distance too great, he shut his eyes and screamed as he fell—he was—he wasn’t sure what was happening. He kept his eyes shut, but he could feel himself rolling through the air, his stomach somersaulting in protest. Distantly, he heard Gid crying out in shock. And then suddenly his knees were against floor. Head spinning, he opened his eyes, saw the woman grinning beside him. “That was great,” she said, helping him up. “Great jump, you should’ve seen it.” The words had barely left her mouth when another explosion rang out from deep within the ship. Metal screamed and crumbled, and he and the woman spun around in time to see the rest of the walkway giving way. The man and Gid ran back from the splintering edge, ending up almost a quarter of the length back towards the far side. This was the first time Sur had seen anything like concern on the woman’s face. She yelled a name out over the clatter of the walkway smashing down into the depths. It sounded like ‘Ben’, or ‘Ren’, or ‘Sven’, Sur wasn’t sure. The human and Gid were tiny figures at the other end of the drop. The man jabbed his finger across the chasm, like he were commanding Gid to leap, but the boy shook his head wildly, and Sur could imagine the panicked ‘no no no’ that accompanied it. “Just grab him and jump!” the woman yelled, as another explosion sent tempersteel pillars cracking through the walls like outstretched fingers. Across the fall, the man gave the woman an exasperated look. But he finally condescended to bend down ever so slightly, and the Kel Dor scampered up him like a tree, locking his arms around the man’s neck. The man was saying something to him, but the boy’s face was buried in the man’s shoulder. Gid was trembling, probably crying. The man jumped without hesitation. He landed on a jutting segment of pillar through the wall, bounding off as it cracked beneath his boots, leaping onto the next one, and the next—but another massive rumbling had loosened the one his feet connected with. There was a split-second of surprise on the man’s face as the pillar gave way, debris from high above falling around him. Sur fell to his knees, jamming his fingers into his mouth—they were going to die —but the woman stepped forward, focused, like she were calculating the next move along with him. A large piece of gray slate tumbled into the gap from above. It might have once been part of the floor or ceiling of one of the upper decks. The man made an impossible leap towards it, Gid still plastered to his chest, one, two, steps across the falling piece of wall, scaling the tip of it, arm out towards the woman, whose arm was out towards him. They were too far apart to actually touch, but Sur got the distinct feeling that somehow, they had, they had reached one another, because the woman suddenly made as though she were yanking, and the man and Gid were tumbling over the edge of the walkway. Gid cried out, laughed, cried out again. The man also seemed stunned. “That’s something I’ve not done before,” he said, looking up at the woman, almost smiling, and she almost smiled back. For a moment, Sur was certain that they’d start making out. But then she grasped the man by the shoulder, hauling him up, taking Gid into her arms, and then they were all running towards the life pod bay. The life pod bay was empty by the time they arrived, all but the very last pod launched out into space. At the sight of it, Sur slowed down, heaviness creeping into his chest. “What’s wrong?” the woman asked, at the control panel, already activating the pod. “Get in.” “Can’t,” he said. “That there’s a two-person pod.” The doors slid open showing a narrow two-seater. The runes lighting up in the console told them that the life support system was limited. “Right,” Gid said softly, his pitch black eyes like glass. “That’s ridiculous,” the man said. “Get in the pod.” “No,” Sur said, looking up at the man and the woman with stony determination. “You got us this far, for that I’m grateful. But there’s no way I’m letting passengers stay behind while this place burns. Gid’s a kid, so he won’t take up that much space, or air—“ “No,” Gid said. “Passengers disembark first. Them’s the rules.” The man and the woman traded glances. “It’s fine,” Sur said. “Always knew I’d die on this old wreck. But I had a few good years.” “Me too,” Gid said sagely. The woman crossed her arms. “You’re very brave, do you know that? Both of you. And I’ve known a few brave people.” That made Sur rub the tips of his tusks in embarrassment. Gid straightened up beside him. “Right,” Sur said, feeling the weight of years upon him. “All that’s left for me to do is to thank you for choosing the Oracione 7 as your transport for today, and wish that the rest of your journey goes well.” The woman bent down towards Sur. “Thank you Mister Sur and Mister Gid,” she said. “I will never forget you two.” Then she made a vague gesture with her hands. “Now both of you will get into the life pod.” Sur blinked, feeling like someone had touched him at the back of his brain with an ice cold finger. Of course he was going to go into the life pod. He heard himself saying it, found himself climbing into the pod, and Gid climbing in alongside him. “Very good,” the woman said. “Also…” She reached into her belt and pulled out a cloth purse. She pulled out a handful of credits and dumped them into Sur’s hands. Distantly, it occurred to Sur that that was more money than he could make in a year’s worth of work. “Consider yourselves un-indentured,” she said. “Here,” the man said, handing the vibrosword, still stained with the blood of the pirates, to Gid. “Learn how to use it.” Gid took the sword with trembling hands, eyes wide under the pierce of the man’s gaze. But Sur caught the woman suppressing a smile. “‘Learn how to use it?’” she asked the man. “You’re putting them on the run, he’ll have to defend himself.” She gave him a look, like she’d just caught him doing something he wouldn’t have wanted her to see, but in a good way. “You continue to surprise me,” she said. He was avoiding her eyes. “Don’t start.” As the humans stepped back, and the console began to initiate life pod expulsion, Sur emerged as though from a daydream. “Wait! How are you getting out?” The man shrugged. “The pirates have a ship, we’ll go hijack it.” The doors were sliding shut. The last Sur saw of the couple was them turning their backs on the door. “Why can't you always be on my side?” the woman was asking. Walking ahead, she didn’t notice, but Sur did, that the man’s face underwent a transformation - lighting up all at once, like a Life Day parade, but just as quickly darkening again. And then the doors sealed shut, and both Sur and Gid grunted against the g-force pushing them back into their seats as the pod ejected out into space. The Oracione 7 burned silently in the void. Hundreds of other life pods were sprinkled around the wreckage like pale moons. In the two-seater, Sur found himself looking down at the credits wadded up in his hands. There was definitely enough for a couple of tickets on any ferry on any line going anywhere in the galaxy. “What were they, boss?” Gid asked, staring at the vibrosword in awe. “Mandos? Kanjiklub? Jedi?” “I don’t know,” Sur said. “I’m just glad they were there.” They floated in silence for a while. And then Sur turned to Gid. “You know that’s my sword, right?” The boy gave the old Ugnaught what he supposed was a smile underneath that facemask. “Not anymore, boss.” Notes: This is an example of a chapter that was meant to be about 2,000 words long, and just kinda spun out of control (was fun to write though, just because it’s a more unusual point of view :D). Another example of such a chapter will be the upcoming one. Cept if this chapter was more on the ‘haha shenanigans’ end of the spectrum, the next one will be on the ‘haha shenanigans oh hey that got heavier than I meant it to’ end. Should be up by Monday (hopefully). Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the Storm series