1/6. “People hate as they love, unreasonably.” - William Makepeace Thackeray. The near constant arguing between Poe Dameron and Finn Storm wasn’t unusual. In fact, by halfway through November it had become quite commonplace for students who weren’t even in their class – Classic Poetry – to sneak into the lecture halls to listen in to the arguing. It was really something to see them argue, as each student usually had equally good points about the piece of work the class had been given and both students had the intellect to back up their points. Instead of becoming friends over their shared knowledge (and passion), they had become enemies almost from the moment they set eyes on each other in September. Neither Poe nor Finn wanted to see the other win, so they argued in every single lecture. Although they were alike in their knowledge about the classics, Poe and Finn were not at all parallel in their note taking style. Finn used an expensive pen to write his notes in an equally costly notebook, he didn’t make mistakes. Poe, on the other hand, wrote his notes in a barely readable scribble using a cheap ballpoint pen on a cheaper notepad. He made many mistakes and always roughly crossed them out before continuing. Unknowingly, the only thing that they agreed on – Poe never told Finn that he thought this and Finn never told Poe – was that everyone else in their class was below them intellectually. It had never be verbally acknowledged between the two teenagers and it would have stayed that way, had the final project not been set by their joint Professor. <-> It didn’t help their class rivalry that on the first day of term in September, before the lecture had even started , Poe managed to spill his hot coffee all over Finn. Though, of course, at the time he didn’t know that the teenager in front of him was destined to become his academic rival. Angry spluttering came from in front of Poe, a dark-skinned teenager glaring at him even as he tried to brush the coffee off himself. “Oh my God! I’m so sorry!” Poe said, stepping forward to try and help. How exactly, he would help, he hadn’t quite figured out, but his vague plans didn’t matter because the other teenager shot a frosty glare at him and walked – stalked – away down the corridor. Well, Poe thought, going to put his now empty cup in the bin, that could have gone better. And he had no coffee to fuel him through the lecture. Just his luck. <-> Finn stalked away to the bathroom to see if anything he was wearing was salvageable. Of course he’d have the luck to get covered in coffee moments before the first lecture of the year. He sighed as he slipped his backpack off his shoulder and onto the floor. Working quickly, aware he had his first lecture of the year in a few minutes, he stripped off his shirt to see what he could do with it. It turned out that the shirt was unsalvageable, but there was nothing else for him to wear, so he dabbed it with some paper towels and slid the shirt back over his head. And, he checked his watch, it was time for his first lecture. <-> When the teenager from before entered the lecture hall, Poe could be forgiven for scowling because the other teenager entered as if he owned the place. Immediately, he didn't like the dark-skinned teenager. It was just the air he gave, as though everything should happen for him just because he went to this university. Meanwhile there were people, like himself, who had worked their butts off for nights on end to pass the exams in order to receive an offer from university - any university that would accept him and get him out of his house for a reasonable length of time. He reached into his backpack and brought out a bent, thin-lined notebook and a pencil that had been chewed at the top. He's found that, being left-handed, pencil was better for writing his notes than pen. He always ended up smudging his work if he used a pen. Poe watched smugly as the guy sat down directly in front of the professor after attempting to find another seat. No one wanted that seat. Served him right for being 'better' than everyone else. He silently bemoaned his lack of coffee to keep him awake during his first lecture. He was so tired and it wasn't his fault, his Dad had been at him again last night, preventing him from getting a reasonable amount of sleep. <-> Finn sat on the seat and eagerly looked up to see what the professor was going to begin the year with. Knowing the basic setup of educational facilities, he deduced that it would probably be an introduction to the class followed by an brief overview of the years syllabus. It was brilliant to be in university, he thought, grasping his pen in his right hand, learning about the classic poetry that had been written hundreds of years ago. He'd done his adoptive parents proud by getting into university, as had his adoptive sister. It was now up to him to prove that their pride wasn't misplaced. He had his leather-bound notebook and pen in front of him, ready for taking notes. He only ever took down what the professor was saying, not what was on the slides as he printed those out as soon as the class finished. In fact the only thing that was bothering him was the smell of coffee and the slight dampness of his shirt. He frowned in annoyance as he realised that he would have to stay like this - damp and smelling of coffee - for the rest of the day. <-> Although he was kind of apprehensive about starting university, Poe had found some friends, though they weren't in his Classical Poetry lecture, but they didn't ask questions about why he was sometimes stiff and looked as though he hadn't had any sleep. Jess and Snap were their names, and the three had bonded over their shared hate of entitled people. Since that initial meeting that occurred sitting on the same bench, muttering about entitled bastards, they were inseparable. Poe was happy; he'd found some friends. <-> Despite his sister's urging, Finn hadn't found a particular friend in any of his classes. Sure, he had lots of acquaintances, people he could sit with during breaks and eat with, people who knew his name and smiled and waved when they came across each other within university. But no, Finn hadn't one actual friend. He decided it was probably for the best, if he wanted to do well at university. He couldn't afford the inevitable distraction of having friends. Not if he wanted to do Han and Leia proud. <-> Most of his classes were okay, he could cope with the workload, even with his Dad's unpredictable mood swings and drinking habits. Poe's one bad class was his Classical Poetry lecture and this wasn't because of the class or the lecturer - she was actually quite nice. No, it was because of him , Finn Storm. The guy who, Poe quickly realised, he'd spilt coffee all over at the very start of the semester. He always thought that, because he had a more eloquent way of speaking and better note taking materials, he could walk all over Poe. But Poe soon proved him wrong. Although his arguments weren't as well formulated than Finn's, they often had more emotional depth to them, rather than being cold, hard evaluations. <-> Finn found that his lectures were not difficult. Yes, they required him to pay attention in lectures and study each night, but that is what he expected from university. He was enjoying all his lectures. All apart from one - the Classic Poetry lecture with him, Poe. It drove him insane how the other teenager thought that poetry was all about emotion, not the way the poet wrote the poem. <-> Finn and Poe were arguing, much to the well concealed amusement of their lecturer. It had been this way ever since they laid eyes on each other in September and realised that they were each other's biggest rival. It was now halfway through November, and their lecturer had not turned away students who were listening, despite them not being in her class. Well, not yet anyway. "That is not what the poet is trying to imply!" Finn said, scathingly. "Oh really? Because it seems pretty clear to me that this poem is meant for the poet's loved one." Poe replied, tapping his pencil against the table top. He wanted his rival to see that he was right. "The poet is clearly not writing about his loved one." Finn said, "Rather, he's discussing his feelings about his childhood home." Their lecturer spoke in the brief gap before either teen could say anything else to back up their points, "You both have very valid points about this poem. However, I would like to hear someone else's opinion about it for the last half an hour." As she gestured for someone else to present their opinion on the classic poem and the students not in her class slunk away through the doors, Poe felt Finn's eyes glaring at him from behind and whirled around, snapping, "What is your problem?" The bastard smiled smugly, "Obviously that you don't know the subject matter as well as you think you do." Poe fought the urge to rub his forehead with his fingers in an attempt to get rid of his on-coming headache and said, "Really? That's what your problem is? That's a shit reason." "I do have a problem with it actually." Finn said, haughtily, "If you can't be bothered to learnt the material, why are you at university in the first place." "Fuck you. Not everyone is a nerd in the most basic sense of the word." He replied, pointing at Finn's leather notebook and fancy pen, "Some people, for example me , can have a social life instead of spending all their time on work, which you obviously do." Before Poe's rival could even open his mouth to argue with him anymore, their lecturer dismissed them a few minutes early. Poe shoved his notebook and pencil into his beat-up backpack, grabbed his leather jacket off his chair and slid it over his shoulders before exiting the room well before his rival. He smirked. It would take a lot more than saying he didn't do the required reading to get him to drop his point. He did do the required reading, if nothing else, it kept him in his room, away from his Dad. And he was sure that he'd managed to annoy Finn by saying that he was a nerd. <-> Finn could see that his rival was smug about getting the last word in before their lecturer let them go for the day. And that irritated him; he wanted to have the last word. Most of the time, he did manage to say a final, cutting remark to Poe, but not today. He ground his teeth together silently. Damn that guy! Notes: I actually love this story. I can’t wait to write the rest of it!