Last Train It’s cold outside and the sky is filled with huge grey clouds. Looks like it’s going to rain very soon. A few first rain drops starting to wet his long hair. The wind makes him feel even colder than usual. He’s walking on the sidewalk a few cars passing by. He stares at the for a few minutes until he rememers where he was actually going. The trainstation was only a few meters away from him. He really had thought that he would get nervous, that he would get scared and fail again but this time he feels nothing. There’s only numbness in his body his mind finally being quiet. He’s sure that no one will miss him. He had no family and no friends who would mourn. There was no need of a good-bye letter or a last will. He had nothing to say and nothing to give. He keeps on walking and it’s pouring now. His clothes are soaked and his hair is wet but he doesn’t care anymore. In a few minutes it won’t mean a thing anymore. And he feels relieved to leave this horrible place. It hasn’t been nice to him in the past quite the contrary and he was sick and tired of fighting when everyone waited for him to finally give up. He passes a few passangers and smiles shyly at them. He doesn’t want anyone to notice what he was up to. He doesn’t want to argue because he knew there was no chance left for him. He was only a waste of biomass and he knew it. He enters the trainstation. It’s nearly epty. Only a few people sitting inside waiting for their train to come. No wonder. It was already late and the streetlight outside started to illuminate. He looks around. Non oft he other people had noticed him which was good. They all were occupied in reading or talking on the phone. A young man next to the ticket machine had some headphones on probably listening to music. He could just leave in silence and no one would notice, no one could stop him. He opens the doors and walks outside to the platform. He knows the train he’s waiting for will reach the trainstation at approximately 21:54 p.m. He knows for sure. He came a few days ago and recognized the wagon train and it was always the same time and the same plattform. He takes a deep breath and walks towards the plattform. Only four minutes he thinks. Suddenly he is woundering if he had some last words for this world but there was nothing he could think of. He just stands on the edge oft he plattform and he can hear the rails buzz. The train was going to pass him soon. He on the edge ready to leave everything behind and he feels calm and safe. It actually feels like going home after all these years. ***** Hes running because he is late again. A huge bag under his right arm and his suitcase in his left hand he nearly jumps up the stairs that lead to the trainstation. To his luck it had started raining and he was soaked as soon as he reached the station. He looks at his watch and thank god! He still had seven minutes left until depature. He sees an empty spot next to the ticked machine and chooses to wait there. He turns his music a little louder and is deep in thoughts. He looks up again and sees that annother man had entered the station. He’s comletely wet and his clothes seem inefficent in this weather. His long red hair is completely soaked and stuck to his head. He looks around as if he is scared of something or someone. What a strange guy! He stands in the hall for a little longer but now it’s time to get to his plattform. He grabbs his lugage and walks towards the door. He sees the guy form before standing on plattform six. He looks to his right and can see a fast train approaching. He looks at the guy again. What is he doing? Why doesn’t he take a step back from the edge??Could it be…? No…no…noo!! He’s screaming now at the top of his lungs. This guy is trying to kill himself. He drops his lugage on the floor. It he want’s to save him he has to be really fast! He grabbs him by the collar and pulls him back. They are stumbling. The train makes a loud noise which sounds like a loud horn. But he can’t think straight anymore his instinct has taken over. They fall backwards and the other man lands on him. He has him tight in his arms. He’s holding him not willing to let him go. He’s crying and he has no idea why but the man in his arms is still breathing thats all that counts. The adrenaline still rushing through his veins. 'Why…why…oh why have you done this?' he is crying he can’t hold it back. 'I don’t belong here…I need to leave!' 'Why??' he’s still holding the man in his arms and his tears drop down onto his long red hair. 'I just can’t deal with it any more…' 'With what?' 'With life…oh god why didn’t you let me go?' 'It’s not your time to go yet…' 'How do you know?' 'I don’t…I just feel it…I’m Matt by the way…' The other man turns in his arms and he can see it clearly now…these facinateing deep blue eyes. 'I’m…actually I don’t have a real name…just call me Techie okay?' 'Techie…that’s nice…maybe we should get up?' 'Yeah probably…I don’t want people to ask questions…' He grabbs his hand and he doesn’t know this man …Techie… but somehow he feels compelled and he can’t just let him go…he can’t let him die. He doesn’t know his reasons but he can feel that it’s way to early for him. They walk past the other passangers who still stood in the hall. No one seemed to have noticed anything and no one looks at these two strangers which are suddenly holding hands. 'Where are we going…?' Techie says and stopps walking. 'You’ll stay at my place for the night!' 'But…but…why?? You don’t even know me…?' 'No I don’t but I’d like to get to know you!' Matt says and smiles. Chapter 2 : Chapter one Summary: The mirrors in the elevator are irritating. Techie hasn’t looked in a real mirror for a while so he is a little shocked by his own reflection. His hair is longer than ever and it is really greasy. His beard has grown a lot as well and his face has the colour of a white sheet. Compared to Matt he lookes like someone just dragged him out of a trash can. Notes: Okay it started as a one shot and now it turns into a fanfic...awsome! Excuse any mistakes I have done...english is only my second language (: P.S: I know the punctuation is not correct! I'm just too lazy to switch the languages on my programm bc I also use it for my lab reports....I hope it doesn't bother you too much... Matt keeps dragging him through the cold but his hand is warm so Techie doesn’t want to let go. They walk in silence and Techie has no idea where they are going. He has never been in this part of town. It’s pouring and the sidewalk is completely wet so you have to be careful not to slip. They pass a few small stores but they are all closed by now. There is a huge puddle in the middle of the sidewalk and Techie nearly stepped onto it but Matt pulled him away from it making sure he doesn’t walk right through it. Techie is numb and his body won’t listen to him. Normally he’d just let go and run but he can’t resist. It feels good to let Matt do decicions for him so he doesn’t have to think about it. There’s a bit frustration left in Techie. He had been so sure he’d be dead by now, not that he’d be walking through the streets with a man he’s never seen. He tries to push these thought away. He’ll have to think about it at another time, now he’s too occupied walking trying not to stumble over his own feet. The street they are in is actually very quiet, no one other than them is outside and it’s no surprise since it’s raining and already late? They suddenly stop in front of a huge house at the very end of the streets. The buildings here were not nearly as huge as the multi-story building in the city center. Techie used to live in one of them but that’s been before he had lost his job and ended on the street. This house was nothing like the one he lived in. It was so much nicer and the front was not all dirty and grey like the ones in the city. They are taking the steps and Techie has to concentrate really hard not to miss a step and fall. Matt startes rummaging through his backpack until he draws his keys out of it. He turnes it three times, pushes the handle and let them inside. He gestures Techie to come inside. He hesitates at first but then he stepps into the large foyer. It is really huge and the arched slab makes it look even bigger. There are huge chandeliers that lighten the whole foyer. Matt grabbes his hand again hand pulles him towards an elevator. Techie grabbes Matts hand even harder, he is really scared of elevators but Matt just lays his arm around him as they entered. The mirrors in the elevator are irritating. Techie hasn’t looked in a real mirror for a while so he is a little shocked by his own reflection. His hair is longer than ever and it is really greasy. His beard has grown a lot as well and his face has the colour of a white sheet. Compared to Matt he lookes like someone just dragged him out of a trash can. Matt on the other hand wears some blue jeans, black sneakers and a black jacket. His blond curly hair was not too long but not too short and he was one of the few people who could rock nerdy glasses. His face looks really smoothe, he has probably shaved just today and Techie feels the sudden urge to touch it. Somehow Techie feels weird with Matts arm around him, like he could transfer his dirt on Matt if he doesn’t let go. His thoughts are interrupted by a loud Ping! That told them they have reached their level and have to get off the elevator. The walk down a hallway and stopp at the last door that said 113. Matt grabbed his keys again and opened the door with a loud Klick! ‚Here we are! This is my appartment…‘, Matt says and smiles at him. *~*~* ‚Do you want to take a bath?‘, he thinks that Techie might appreciate a hot bath especially since he must be nearly frozen only wearing this ripped, dirty yellow jumper. He just gives him a shy nod and that was all Matt needed. ‚Just wait on the couch, I’ll quickly run a bath for you.‘ ‚B--but Matt…I don’t have anything to change…‘ ‚No problem at all. I’ll borrow you something‘, he turns on his heels and walks straight to the bathroom. As the water starts filling the tub he asks himself if Techie might want to use a bathbomb. Matt thinks that it is a good idea so he chooses a bright purple one that smells like lavender. He had heard that the smell of lavender could help you calm down and relax and that was exactly what Techie needed now. He walks to his wardrobe and chooses a pair loose fitting sweatpants, a clean black t-shirt as well as clean boxershorts and socks. He lays everything out next to the tub so Techie could change in the clean clothes after his bath. He also grabbs a huge towel and a washcloth. He walks back to the livingroom and found Techie sitting exactly where he had left him minutes ago. He was very stiff which wasn’t unusual for someone who sat in the appartment of a total stranger. Techie nearly jumps as Matt calls him. ‚Techie--your bath is ready.‘ He guids him to the bathroom and suddenly he is scared that Techie might try to kill himself again, if he left him on his own. He couldn’t allow this to happen, not after he saved him. He has no clue why he felt so responsable for Techie…maybe because he reminded him a bit of his younger self and back then nobody cared about him or even helped him. Maybe he wanted to be the person he wished he had had by his side when he was depressed. And he knew for sure that his help wasn’t enough to save him from himself but it was definitely a start and he wouldn’t ruin it by being unwary. ‚Here are some fresh clothes and a towel. You can use my soap and shampoo. I won’t lock the door, okay? It’s for your own safety and if you don’t answer I’ll just come in to make sure you’re safe, okay?‘ Techie gave him a small nodd and walks towards the bathtub when Matt discreetly removes the key from the bathroom door. He walks back to the kitchen and looks what is still left in the fridge since he hasn’t been grocerie shopping today. He never buys new groceries when he’s about to go on a trip. Oh--right he still had to call his brother that he couldn’t make it this time. He will be disappointed that’s for sure but he had a good reason for it this time. He made a note to call him the next morning. It was already past eleven and he wasn’t sure if Ren was at home. He keeps looking for food when he finds two frozen pizzas. It is something to begin with. He starts heating up the oven and walks back to the bathroom to make sure Techie was okay. He knocks on the door three times. ‚I--I’m okay‘, Techie aswered and Matt was satisfied. ‚I’m making dinner. Come to the kitchen as soon as you’re finished but please take your time!‘, He said and walked back to set the table. It’s been a long time since he had someone over for dinner. He had been awfully occupied with work so it was nice to have someone over. Even if he wished it’d been under different circumstances. He arranges the napkins as Techie enteres the room. Matt nearly drops one of the napkins as he looks up. Techies hair is wraped in the towel and the clothes are way too big for him but he looks so young and utterly cute. ‚M--Matt?‘ ‚Y--yes!?‘ ‚Could you borrow me a razor? I feel horrible with this beard…‘ ‚O-oh sure it’s beneath the sink b--ut please be careful not to cut yourself!‘ ‚I won’t I promise.‘ And Techie actually smiles at him. That was something Matt has been sure Techie wasn’t capable of. But he had just proofed him wrong. So he walks back to the table. *~*~* He looks in the mirror and his reflection looks a lot more like he remembered himself. It feels good getting rid of the beard and all the dirt he had collected on the street. He is still very pale and his eyes are red of the lack of sleep but he looks a lot better than before, especially with all the dirt being gone. Matts‘ clothes are way too big but comfortable and he feels warm for the first time in a while. God it must’ve been ages since the last time he had taken a bath and it feels like being reborn. He finds an old hairdyer under the sink where the razor has been and starts drying his long hair. He has always worn it long even before he lived on the street. Probably since highschool. He can remember that his brother always used to make fun of him and told him that people would mistake him for a girl. His brother on the other hand had always worn his hair short and neatly cut. No one ever believed them that they were actually twins. In fact they are the total opposites of each other. Techie has no clue where his brother was or what he made but he is sure he is in a way better place than himself. He had cosidered to contact his brother back when he had lost everything but Techie was too proud and he never wanted Armitages‘ pity. He wants to be his own person not always standing in Armitages‘ shadow and he has failed. He is a failure after all and even today when he finally had the gutts to end his life he had failed again. He hadn’t seen Matt behind him and he never thought someone would make the efford to pull him back. Seems like he was wrong. And now he is standing in Matts‘ bathroom in Matts‘ clothes and he has no idea why. He doesn’t know him but still he has invited him to his home and shares his stuff with him even if he knew nothing about Techie. Maybe that was the point. He did not know what a disappointment Techie was and once he realises it he will leave him like many others had before. ‚Techie? Dinner is ready!‘ ‚I--I come.‘ He follows Matt to the kitchen where they sit down at a huge table. In front of Techie is a large Pizza with champignons and extra cheese. It‘s warm and smelles like heaven. His stomache starts grumbling. He hasn’t eaten anything proper in ages. He grabbs the knife and fork and starts cutting small slices. He tests the temperature and took a bite. It is delicous and he feels like he could eat twenty of these that’s how hungry he is. Matt smiles at him, pleased that he likes the pizza and poures some water in his glass. They eat in scilence since Techie is too occupied eating than holding a conversation. Once they finished their meal they both clean the kitchen and wash the dishes. ‚Are you tired, Techie?‘ He gives him a shy little nod because he actually feels like he would pass out any time. ‚Okay you can sleep in my bed tonight I’ll take the couch!‘ ‚N--no Matt you can’t--I’ll take the couch! You have given me so much already…!‘ He can see that Matt isn’t happy about it. ‚Okay but I’ll give you a blanket and a pillow!‘ Matt walks away and comes back with a huge pile in his hands. He leads Techie to the living room and sets the couch up for him. Compared to the hard wooden benches Techie was used to sleep on this is pure luxury. Matt closes the curtains and brings Techie another water bottle for the night. ‚If you need anything, my bedroom is on the other side oft he bathroom, okay?‘ ‚Yeah! Good night Matt!‘ ‚Sleep well Techie!‘ *~*~* He turns a few times in his bed when he suddenly wonders why his pillow and blanket are gone. That’s when he remembers that he actually has a guest over. Techie…the man he kept away from committing suicide. He jumpes out of bed suddenly scared that Techie’d be gone. Maybe he has left during the night or maybe he has tried to hurt himself again? Matt runns into the living room and is frozen when he sees that the couch is actually empty. He feels tears building up when he sees strands of red hair sticking out from behind the couch. He carefully comes a little closer and indeed Techie lays behind the couch on the floor. Matt looks at him and smiles. Sleeping he looked so peaceful and calm. He wishes he could be more like it when he was awake. Matt just grabbs Techie and raises him on the couch again. Techie sleeps like the dead and doesn‘t move at all. His breathing is steady and no sign of disturbance. That‘s very good. Matt carefully walkes to the kitchen and looks back a few times to check that he hasn’t woken Techie. He grabbs a teabag and pours some water into the electric kettle. ‚Good morning…‘ Matt jumped and nearly drops the kettle. Techie really is like a ghost sometimes. Appearing with no one noticing. He is just so quiet. ‚Hey did you sleep well?‘ ‚Yeah it was quite good.‘ ‚What do you want for breakfast? I could make some pancakes if you like them but I’m out of marple sirup…‘ ‚I’ll take anything you have…‘ ‚Do you want tea or coffee?‘ ‚I’d like some tea, please.‘ Matt grabbs another teabag from the shelf. ‚I hope peppermint is okay I don’t have any other tea…‘ ‚Peppermint is perfect!‘ He goes back to preparing breakfast when he recognizes that Techie just stands in the door awkwardly. ‚Just take a seat and I’ll take care of it, okay?‘ ‚O--okay…‘ He sits down and stares at the Table in front of him. Matt grabbs a small plate and places it in front of Techie as well as a huge mug with hot peppermint tea. It smells fresh and spicy, perfect! Matt searches his fridge for some eggs, milk and butter. He still has the old mixing bowl his mother once gave him and he started mixing all the ingredients. The pan sits on the stove already and he prepares it with some butter because butter is always better than oil. He grabbs a glass of strawberry jam and a glas nutella and puts it on the table. He begins to cook the pancakes and thought where they would go from now on. He doesn’t know anything about Techie other than his name and he is still too afraid to ask. He doesn’t want Techie to get upset again and he doesn’t know which topics to avoid. But sooner or later they had to talk, there was no other option. Maybe Techie should see a doctor and get his mental ans physical health checked. Matt has reacted purely on instinct on the plattform and he has never thought this through. First he needed breakfast he couldn’t think properly with an empty stomache and he knew Techie needed some food as well. He is dangerously slim and you can see his bones sticking out here and there. They have to put some weight on him in order to get healthy again. Once he has six pancakes ready he renturns to the table. He places one big pancake in front of Techie who looked taken aback because he’s been deep in thoughts. ‚Do you need anything else?‘ ‚N—no, thanks!‘ Techie started spreading strawberry jam all over his pancake as Matt watches him with amusement. Seemes like he really has a sweet-tooth. ‚May I ask you a question?‘ ‚S—sure…‘ ‚Techie is only a nickname, right? So do you remember your real name? I mean you don’t have to tell me if you don’t want to…‘ ‚Oh…no it’s okay…I just--I just have forgotten about it and no one ever called me by my real name… but Brendol isn’t a very nice name is it!?‘ ‚I think Brendol is nice! But if you prefer Techie I’ll continue using your nickname. Is there a story behind it?‘ Techie looked up from his plate and hesitated for just a second. ‚I used to love science and especially computer science, that’s what I studied in college…‘ ‚And you don’t like it any more?‘ Tech just gives him a small nod and Matt knows this is a dangerous teritory. He stops asking and continues eating his pancake. At least he gained a little more information about his guest. ‚So is there anything you’d like to do today?‘ Chapter 3 : Chapter 2 Summary: On his way to the kitchen he decides that it might be wise to check on Techie again. He walks towards the couch but something looks different than it did before. He walks behind it and sees that the couch is indeed empty. Notes: Hi! I've been very busy with school so I'm a bit late... Have fun reading! In the end they are watching TV-shows all day, doing nothing other than lying on Matts‘ couch. Matt got up a few times to bring Techie something to dring or to eat. He really had to go grocery shopping on monday. They were nealy out of everything and that’s why they have cornflakes for dinner but it did not seem like Techie cares. They both have avoided talking about anything that happened yesterday and they both avoid that they still don‘t know much about each other. Matt is too scared to ask and Techie has, all in all, been very quiet so far. Matt has called Ren an told him that a friend was in great need and he is the only one who can help. It isn’t exactly the truth but it isn’t a lie either. He knows he has to talk to Ren sooner or later because he has no clue what to do with Techie. Ren and Matt were really close and Matt was sure his brother would know what to do. The last episode of the 3rd season of Game of Thrones is playing and Techie really seems to like it a lot. At one point he has grabbed one of the little black pillows and stated hugging it while staring at the screen. He is deep in thought so he nearly jumps as Matt gets up to go to the bathroom. Matt smiles. It is a good thing that he has something to entertain Techie while he stays here. Matt nearly wishes Techie could stay forever. He’s been living on his own for several years now and he kinda enjoyes careing for someone, especially cooking for others. His appartment has always been way too big for him but he refuses to give it up. The area he is living in is very quiet and nice. But it is only ten minutes to get to the city center. It‘s simply perfect. It’d be so nice to come home after work and have dinner with someone. Talking about the day and sharing some thoughts with someone. But Matt knows that after all Techie has to have some sort of relatives and even though they had done a terrible job so far he couldn’t force Techie to stay with him when he could go back to his family or friends. He takes a deep breath and walks back to the living-room. To his surprise he finds Techie asleep on the couch. The TV is still on and the flickering light must be disturbing so Matt just turns it off. He walks back to his bedroom getting his spare blanket he normally only uses in winter but Techie will need it. He seems to always be could and it makes sense since he is terribly underweight. He carefully covers Techie with the huge blanket and the small man nearly disappeard beneath it. ‚Good night Techie‘, Matt whispers, turnst he lights off and walks back to his own room. But Matt isn’t tired at all. He is thinking about Techie and how they should proceed from now on. Of one thing Matt was very sure. Techie has to see a doctor and maybe a psychiatrist. But it wouldn’t be easy to convince Techie especially not if his suicide attempt was only two days ago. On the other hand Techie was still in a critical state and maybe it was very important that he sees a doctor. Matt isn’t sure and he realizes that he lacks knowledge when it comes to mental disorders. He has no clue what to do and he is scared to make Techie angry. That’s the last thing he would want. He really needs to talk someone that knows what to do in such a situation. There was no other way, he has to call his brother again as soon as posible! Ren will know what to do. ~*~*~*~ They’ve been watching TV all day. And Techie is glad that Matt did not try and force some sort of conversation. Techie still feels overwhelmed with the past events. To be honest he still isn’t sure how he has ended up in this situation and why Matt still keeps up with him. He‘s pretty sure that Matt must’ve guessed that Techie has no money, so he won‘t be able to pay him anything back. And it doesn’t seem like Matt wants him to pay with his body either. Maybe Matt was just someone who thought he has to save everything and everyone. But if Techie is true to himself, he doesn‘t believe this either. In the end he still sits on Matts‘ couch, in Matts appartment, wearing Matts‘ clothes that smelled like detergent and a little like Matt. They are watching Game of Thrones and he can remember that he used to like this show. He keeps staring at the screen in order to avoid Matts‘ glances. He knows that Matt wants to talk and he knows that they’d have to talk at some point but he isn’t ready yet. He doesn‘t know what to tell Matt. He doesn’t know a lot of the answers to the questions Matt will ask. He doesn’t know what to do so he just does nothing. That’s what he always did when everything just got too much. His brother would get furious over Techie’s behaviour. He told him to stop being a child and start solving his problems on his own. In the end it was always Hux who helped Techie and that made Techie angry at Hux and himself. That was why he brocke contact with his brother when things started getting really bad. He knows for sure most of this wouldn’t’ve happened if he’d just called his brother. He knows Hux would’ve never permitted that Techie lives on the street. Hux would’ve given Techie a new job in his company and he’d let him sleep in his bed but that’s not what Techie wants. He rather died being stubborn than calling his brother for help because he can‘t stand being the weak little brother. In fact Hux was only eleven minutes older than Techie but it nearly feels like eleven years. Hux was always at the top of their class while Techie was excellent in maths and physics but failed horribly in PE and English Literature. He went to college studying computer sciences and graduated with honors. He isn’t bad. In his field he is actually a genius but he isn’t as good as Hux and that‘s the point. His brother has always had dates for school dances while Techie sayed at home sitting in his dark room, the only light coming from his computer screen. His mother had always been worried that Techie would end up being completely isolated. But Hus had insisted that he would take care of his little brother and it made Techie even more furious. He loves his brother, that was out of question and looking back maybe he has been right and it was wrong of Techie to leave him, but leaving felt like being his own person just for a moment. In the end he has failed and proven his parents and Hux that he wasn’t able to survive on his own. He hates himself for being so dependend on others. Even now. He has tried every thing to leave this planet and failed again and now he‘s depended on Matt. It could be worse he tells himself. He could’ve ended up in Hux appartment and he knows his brother well enough that he’d probably never left it. Now he has the chance to get back on his own feet but hasn’t had a plan yet and the more he thinks about it the more he gets tired. He lays back on the couch feeling way too comfortable. He tries really hard to keep his eyes open, but fails misserably. After a few minutes he finally gives in tot hat feeling and lets sleep wash over him. Being asleep is quite nice, because for a few hours it seems like every problem has vanished and you can live in your own dream-world. Sadly it will not last forever and you’ll have to get up again and your problems will come back to you. But still for a few hours he could let himself rest and stop thinking for a while and it feels like heaven. ~*~*~*~ It’s still early and the sun isn’t up yet but Matt cannot sleep anymore. He decides that it’s a good opportunity to go and get some groceries while Techie is still asleep. He walks the bathroom trying to make as little noise as possible. One glance in the mirror shows him that he looks just as bad as he feels. He has huge dark cicles under his eyes and his pale face nealy matches the tiles on the wall. His blonde, curly hair is messy and looks like a bird built a nest in it. He grumbles and grabs his brush to try and fix his extraodinary hairstyle. There are a few knots and he tries really hard not to scream. He’s always been very sensitive when it comes to his hair. After he’s finished he brushes his teeth, makeing a little bucket list in his head. One problem is that he has no clue what Techie likes to eat. All he knows is that he’s okay with pizza and cereals but these aren’t exactly healthy options and Techie really needs some vitamins for his immune system. He puts his clothes on and grabbs his wallet and keys. One last glance at the couch but Techie is still sleeping. He closes the door being really careful and slowly walks down the hallway. He passes some of his neighbours on his way to the elevator but non of them ask any questions which is a good thing. He stepps into the elevator and watches as people get on and off. Once he’s in the lobby he growls, seeing that it’s still raining outside and he hasn’t brought an umbrella with him. But Matt isn’t in the mood to turn around and get one so he just stepps out on the street trying to ignore the raindrops that make his hair wet and very unattractive. After a ten minutes walk he reaches his favourite store. It’s rather small and doesn’t belong to any of these huge supermarket chains, which he really approves. He enters and the woman at the counter immediatly smiles at him. He’s a regular. Matt walks straight to the fruits asile and starts looking for fruit that Techie might like. In the end he has a huge plastic bag with one pineapple, few peaches and grapes. He moves on to get some necessary things plus many different ingredients to cook some of his favourite dishes. He hopes Techie’ll like them too. He also got some dark chocolate because he’s read somewhere that it could make people happy. On his way home it’s still raining and he’s soaked as soon as he reaches his apartment building. He really needs to take a hot bath. He’s freezing and nearly runs to the elevator. The bags are huge and heavy so he’s glad he’s not forced to use the stairs. He isn’t very athletic and he can nearly hear his doctor’s voice in his head, telling him to do sports because sitting on his desk all day is not healthy. And he knows his doc is right but at the moment he has way more important things tot hink about. One of them is (hopefully) still lying on his couch, sleeping or waiting for breakfast. He gets off the elevator and walks straight to his appartment. His keys are already in his hand and he turns it three times to open the door. He steppes into the hallway and takes off his shoes and wet jacket. The first thing he does is checking if Techie is already awake but to his surprise he’s still lying on the couch. Looks really funny because he’s completely wraped in his, way too big, blanket and only a few strands of orange hair are pockeing out. Matt smiles and carries the bags to the kitchen. Standing at the kitchen counter he decides that it’d be wise to go and have a bath. He leaves the groceries in the plastic bag and walks to the bathroom. He locks the door and it’s strage when you’ve always lived alone. He sits in the bath tub and the hot water feels so good he doesn’t ever want to leave it. But he’s actually awfully hungry and needs to make something for breakfast. He rubbs himself drie and pulls his sweatpants on. On his way to the kitchen he decides that it might be wise to check on Techie again. He walks towards the couch but something looks different than it did before. He walks behind it and sees that the couch is indeed empty. He gets nervous. Maybe Techie is in the kitchen? Maybe he’s gotten himself something to drink? Maybe Matt is simply overreacting? He at first he walks to the kitchen but Techie’s not there. He walks to his bedroom ripping the door open but again no Techie… He starts panicing and adrenaline rushes through his veins. It can’t be true… His biggest fear has become true… He grabbs a random pullover and starts rushing out of the door. He needs to find Techie or else it might be already too late…