Prologue A LONG TIME AGO IN A GALAXY FAR, FAR AWAY... AFTER TRAVELING MANY MONTHS, THE SCAVENGER, REY, HAS GREETED THE JEDI, LUKE SKYWALKER. WARY OF REY'S FORCE-SENSITIVITY AND LOYALTY TO BOTH THE DARK AND THE LIGHT SIDE OF THE FORCE, REY'S TRAINING CEASES TO COMMENCE. AS THE FIRST ORDER RECOVERS FROM THE DESTRUCTION OF STARKILLER BASE AND THE ABSENCE OF LEADER KYLO REN, GENERAL HUX GAINS POWER AND ISSUES DOMINANCE OVER ALL. KYLO REN, HIDES FROM SUPREME LEADER SNOKE IN FEAR OF FACING EXECUTION FOR FAILING TO RETRIEVE BOTH THE SCAVENGER AND THE MAP TO LUKE SKYWALKER. FN-2187 IS ACCEPTED INTO THE RESISTANCE AND AWARDED A JOB WITH COMPANION POE DAMERON. THE RESISTANCE COPES WITH THE LOSS OF HAN SOLO, HUSBAND OF GENERAL LEIA ORGANA AND FATHER OF BEN SOLO. THE MASS DESTRUCTION OF PLANETS BY THE STARKILLER BASE IS INVESTIGATED, FINDING INTERESTING ARTIFACTS. AS THE STRUGGLE BETWEEN THE LIGHT AND DARK SIDE OF THE FORCE CONTINUES BETWEEN THE SCAVENGER, KYLO REN, AND A NEW AWAKENING IN THE FORCE, UNEXPECTED IDENTITIES ARE UNCOVERED... ----- )-( Chapter 2 : i Summary: What a powerful thing to behold, the ability to control a mind. REY locks eyes with Luke Skywalker atop the steep hill that she has recently climbed. Her outstretched hand shakes, her heart beating in her chest as the two continue to stare at each other. Cool wind from the nearby water whips around them gently and an eternity seems to pass before Rey speaks. "I believe this belongs to you," her voice shaking. Luke glances down at the saber in Rey's hand before meeting her eyes once more. "I am not a part of that life anymore," Luke finally grumbles, turning from the small girl and her disappointed expression. "Follow me." Rey watches as Luke hobbles away from her towards a small hut with smoke exiting the chimney. Quickly, she scurries after him, the lightsaber still tightly enclosed in her grip. The interior of the hut was minimalistic, nothing more than the essentials, nothing from the glory days. Rey was confused. Why would someone as important as Luke Skywalker appear to be hiding? "What do you mean 'you are not a part of that life anymore'? You are a Jedi!" Rey exclaimed. Luke frowned and took a seat on a chair in the corner. "I assume you want me to train you, Rey," Luke avoided her question. "How do you know my name?" The small girl asked. "I could sense that you were coming from my sister's base for days. I apologize, but I cannot answer any of your questions, it is not my place." Luke looked at Rey solemnly. "Take that lightsaber far away and hide it well. Do not return here, you aren't safe with me." "Why am I in danger? Starkiller Base has been terminated, Kylo Ren has been missing for months now," Rey excitedly explained. "Rey, my child, you are making a grave mistake. You must know by now that the galaxy is never safe from the dark side of the force. The sith may not be at large, but obvious danger is still on the horizon. Only once Kylo Ren and his master have been killed, will there be momentary peace," Luke drawled on. "If I knew where to find Kylo Ren and how to properly fight, I would make sure he pays for the torment and unrest he has brought upon the galaxy," spoke Rey. "I cannot train you, I am sorry. You must find another teacher," the old Jedi encouraged. "You are the only known Jedi left! If what you say is true, and the First Order is still at large, there is no time to be trained by someone else." Luke stared at his hands, contemplating what to say next. "I will not train you, Rey. You are welcome to stay on this planet with your other companions tonight, but I beg of you to be gone by the time the suns rise tomorrow," Luke warned, clearly regretful. "Can't you tell me why?" Rey pleaded. "I have already apologized, child. Return to the Falcon immediately. You are not welcome here." Rey stood up and slowly walked out of the hut with Luke trailing behind her. "You know where to find me if you change your mind," Rey said, turning around and not looking back as she headed towards where Chewbacca and R2-D2 were waiting. -----)-( Chapter 3 : ii REY sat in the pilot's seat of the millennium falcon as she absentmindedly navigated the rickety old ship through space. Chewbacca sat beside her, poking at buttons every few minutes to see how much farther they had to travel. One could say that Rey was disappointed that Luke refused to train her. However, that wasn't the case. Rey hadn't felt this hurt since she realized her family had abandoned her on Jakku. In shambles, Rey had sullenly returned to the falcon to fly home empty-handed and untrained. Rey couldn't fathom in her wildest of dreams why Luke had refused to even given her a few pointers. The grandson of the most powerful Sith Rey had heard of, was after her. Rey's life was on the line and it hurt knowing Luke didn't care. His horrified face kept replaying in her mind as she stared out of the ship's windshield. Slowly, Rey stood and walked over to where BB-8 was positioned. She was now wishing that Finn could've came with her to Ach-to. The thought of her newest friend pained her chest. The last time she had seen him, Finn was recovering from an almost fatal lightsaber wound on his back. If it had been any deeper the saber would've pierced his spinal cord, and if it had been any higher, Finn could've became blind, or even brain dead. Rey counted her lucky stars that the ex-stormtrooper had survived. She would've never forgiven herself if he had... she didn't even want to think about it. A growl from Chewie notified Rey that they were almost ready to fly at normal speed again. Hurriedly, Rey sat back in the pilot's seat and brought the falcon out of hyperspace. All of a sudden, there was a planet in front of them and everything had drastically slowed down. Rey felt butterflies in her stomach as they neared the planet. Rey tapped into the radio system and requested landing permission, which she was granted as always. Slowly, Rey landed the rusty ship. As Chewbacca and BB-8 left, the small girl continued to sit, contemplating her next move. Now that she had been rejected by the Luke Skywalker, what would people think of her? What would she do if faced with Kylo Ren again? For the first time in a while, Rey was lost. This is why she wanted to stay on Jakku.. With the sudden thought of Jakku, Rey remembered Finn, and quickly raced to the infirmary to find him. After emerging from the ship, Rey sprinted through the people walking about the landing pad. She pushed passed several pilots, who definitely gave her dirty looks, but Rey didn't care. Rey ran into something hard and orange, causing her to topple into the ground. Sitting up and rubbing her elbow, she looked up at what, or rather who, she had collided with. It was the handsome brunette that Finn helped escape from the First Order. The two had never properly met, and Rey didn't even know exactly how Finn and Poe met. "You're Rey, right?" The pilot asked, extending his hand. "I'm Poe. I don't believe we've met, but Finn has said a lot about you." Rey's eyes widened. "Finn is awake?" She gasped. "Can you being me to see him please?" "Yeah, he's still recovering, but he's quite the fighter," Poe led Rey around the base to where the infirmary was located. The two walked into the tent-like building and Rey immediately spotted her best friend. She sprinted over to him, crying "Finn!". Finn's head whipped up at the sound of Rey's voice. "Rey?" He breathed heavily. The two embraced tightly, chins on each other's shoulders. "Are you okay? Last I saw you, you were almost dead and unconscious!" Rey babbled. Finn explained how he woke up a week ago, just days after Rey left for Luke Skywalker. All the while, Poe sat patiently, watching Finn speak. "So did you find Luke?" Finn asked, the one topic Rey had manager to avoid. "Yeah. He refused to train me." She sighed. Finn rubbed her back soothingly. "No offense, but he has saved the galaxy before, so maybe he knows what he's talking about?" He tried to reason. Rey attempted to mask the hurt and disappointment on her face. Why wouldn't her best friend side with her? It made no sense to the small, confused girl. "Have you heard about Han Solo's funeral?" Poe finally spoke up, changing the subject. "Obviously not, I just got back," Rey sneered. Poe raised his brows but continued. "It's tomorrow night. General Organa wasn't expecting your return for a while." Rey gasped, even more offended. Did General Organa actually plan her husband's funeral so Rey would miss it? She didn't know how to react. Rey thought she would be welcomed back, but that obviously wasn't the case. Confused, Rey told Finn and Poe that she'd see them later, she had to go unpack and settle in. Why was General Organa keeping Rey out of this? She was there when he died.. Conflicted and not paying attention, Rey staggered out of the infirmary. Never had she felt so unwelcome in a place full of supposedly welcoming people. The sandy ground moved beneath Rey's feet as she sullenly walked towards the living quarters. She stared up at an official who was walking opposite of her. "I'm sorry, can you tell me where I could find my room?" Rey politely asked. The gray haired man glanced down at the sun kissed brunette and continued to walk right past her. Rey watched as he strolled confidently away from a massive control room. Not caring if she was meant to enter or not, Rey started towards the control room. The door opened and out teetered a golden droid. His metal was worn everywhere except one of his arms, which was polished and looked newer than the rest of his body. "Excuse me, I am C3-PO. How may I be of service to you?" The robotic voice asked, sounding concerned. Rey paused. "Can you help me find my room?" Hope was evident in her voice. "I most certainly can. What is your name?" "My name is Rey. I've just returned with BB-8. Do you know where I can find her?" C3-PO pondered Rey's question for a moment. "I am afraid I have not seen BB-8. As for your room, follow me." The droid hobbled along the hallway towards a section labeled 'A'. "Your room is 'A-33', I'll contact someone to visit you with your key." Rey's eyes followed the golden droid's form until it disappeared around the corner. She then turned and began to walk, looking at the numbers next to the doors. "A-45... A-40... A-33!" Rey exclaimed, happy to have found her living quarters. She reached for the door handle, only to find it open. Frowning, she cautiously stepped inside. Rey's breath caught in her throat as she examined the area. A large bed with white and tan sheets sat against a cream-colored wall. Directly across from the bed was a massive window, spanning majority of the surface. A couple of glass shelving units were bolted to the wall, empty but waiting to be filled. Rey made her way over to the dresser. Inside, she found clothes much like the ones she had on Jakku. She wandered into the bathroom, a completely tiled space with a marble shower that looked inviting. Rey had never taken a shower before, only bathing herself in a small, make-shift tub on Jakku. Rey was blown away by the beauty of her new room. She fell back on the plush bed with a thud. The bed was so warm and enveloping and Rey had experienced a long day. She couldn't help but fall asleep. ... Rey's eyes open slowly as she feels the most gentle tap on her shoulder. She is on a grassy hill, meditating. Turning, she meets the dark brown eyes of Kylo Ren. He is without his mask, instead holding it at his side. "What are you doing here? Leave me alone," Rey demands. "I can't. We are both dreaming," responds he. With an uneasy expression, Rey fully turns around to look at Kylo. At this moment, she doesn't want to kill him, but she doesn't want to gaze upon him either. It is confusing, and she can sense that Kylo feels the same way. "Why are you in my dream then," asks Rey. "On the contrary, dear. You are in my dream," Kylo innocently glances up at Rey. "But to answer your question, we are connected. I don't know how, or why, but our minds are the same." Rey frowns, digesting Kylo's comment. A few minutes pass between the two. All that can be heard is the rustle of leaves from a warm breeze and the trickle of a nearby stream. "Do you regret any of it?" Blurts Rey. "You mean regret killing innocent people? Think again, they are not as innocent as you think. You aren't yet wise enough to understand the complexity of people's actions. They affect everything." Rey's eyebrows raise. She opens her mouth to say something, but Kylo quickly cuts her off. "Do you always ask so many questions, my dear?" Rey's ears turn pink and she feels her face grow hot. She stumbles over a response, not knowing how to form a coherent sentence. "It's okay. You don't have to answer. It's funny how we aren't trying to kill each other right now. Our last encounter was... intense," Kylo nervously muses. "I hate you," Rey snaps, her mood suddenly soured at the mention of their lightsaber duel. "Jedis don't hate, my dear. Emotions like hate, love, desire... they come from the dark side," Kylo falters, his expression changes, "join me. I can show you the ways of the force. You can experience the thrill of power without the restrictions of being a Jedi. Please, I'm begging you. Please..." Rey looks at his face, the dream fading and she knows it. She sees the obvious regret in his eyes and the pain in his voice. Almost, she sees the light. Almost, she falls for it. But then the dream fades to black. And so does Kylo along with it. ... Rey woke up, breathing heavily, the subconscious encounter from only minutes before still fresh in her mind. Still processing what she had dreamt, Rey wondered if it was real. Had Kylo actually approached her in a dream? Was it true what he said about their connection? Rey tensed at the memory, but slowly relaxed. Kylo never threatened to come after her, he never mentioned that he knew her location. He actually seemed.. nice? That definitely wasn't the correct word to call a killer. Rey's eyes wandered to a set of keys, glinting in the sunlight. A droid must have dropped them off while she was asleep. Deciding that now was a good time, Rey grabbed the keys and exited her room. She had matters to discuss with General Organa. -----)-(