Watch This Meeting Hall Sweat and Shake Kylo Ren killed at meetings. Even business meetings in the Jakku district, where the streets were lined with beggars and pawn shops — things that made his coworkers at First Order feel uncomfortable just added to his sense of superiority. But today something had him on edge. Today, he was meant to meet with one of his mother’s old friends. He took on the task as a challenge. To send Hux would be the easy route, and Kylo didn't take the easy route. He tethered his mind to a place of red lightning and razor sharp ice. As he made the turn off Starkiller Avenue and onto Niima Road, he allowed his mind to clear. Kylo parked his car a few blocks away from the coffee shop where he was to meet Lor San Tekka, and chose to walk down, stopping to purchase an eighth of cocaine from one of the beggars. A reward, he told himself, for when the job was done. As he reached for the door, another man pushed it open and nearly smacked into Kylo, who swore. The man muttered at apology under his breath and took off, avoiding eye contact. Fear from others was something Kylo was used to. Niima Coffee was packed, but Kylo saw his target at a table, sitting alone and sipping calmly at a hot drink as he read something from a laptop. Kylo sat down and noted the tag hanging out of the cup. Green tea. “Look how old you’ve become,” Kylo said. Lor San Tekka closed the computer. “Something far worse has happened to you.” “You know what I’ve come for.” “I know where you come from. Before you called yourself Kylo Ren .” “The documents from Skywalker. We know you received them. And now you’re going to give them back to First Order.” “First Order rose from dark intentions. You did not.” “I’ll show you dark intentions.” Kylo reached into his pocket, rolling the tech between his thumb and forefinger. “You may try, but you cannot deny the truth that is your family.” Kylo took a breath and pressed the button on the trigger. “You’re so right.” The two men made steady eye contact until Kylo heard a woman to his left swear in frustration, then a man two tables down from them groaned. The cash register began to beep as a barista furiously attempted to restart it, and the debit machine printed an endless receipt. The chatter in the coffee shop grew panicked. “What have you done?” Lor San Tekka said. “Blanked all the technology in the area,” Kylo admitted. “Super-magnetic field stimulator.” Lor San Tekka closed his eyes, defeated. Kylo took the time to stand, turning and exiting the coffee shop. * Starkiller Avenue turned onto Niima Road, which Kylo followed all the way down until it curved into Takodana Street, which overlooked Hosnian Way. From Takodana, Kylo could get off at the traffic circle which led him home to Coruscant Plaza, where his apartment rocketed towards the sky. Every day he drove this route, first one way, then the other. And every day, Kylo took in the residents of the Jakku district as they huddled and slept along Niima Road in the early morning, and then as they begged and offered their drugs and services in the evening. He knew the faces, knew who had the good drugs, knew who owned the women who painted their faces and cried out to him as he drove past. So he knew that the girl on the corner of Niima and Outpost was new. She was thin, a heavy user, he assumed, with long brown hair done up in buns and not enough makeup. She wore neutral colours, and he wondered how she had made it this far into the night without being run down by a drunk driver. She was near invisible. Except … as he drove away, she lingered in his mind. Something about her rippled through him. He shook it off and continued home. * The coke was good. Kylo did a line as soon as he got home, then went about his routine. He removed the wrapper from a protein bar and scarfed it down, then cracked a beer to wash the sticky remnants from his teeth. He settled into his large leather sofa with a straw, a mirror, and the clicker to his projection television and turned on the news. He did another line and felt it rush and around his blood until his toes curled and he wanted to scream. The woman on the news spoke of an upcoming election, a recent act of vandalism thought to be done by resistance fighters, and a drive-by on the corner of Niima and Outpost. Music played and suddenly a man was pointing out weather patterns and smiling broadly. Kylo paused the television, then rewound. The corner of Niima and Outpost. While Jakku district was known for its violent spats, Kylo felt the curiosity of a bystander. He had just been by there, and he didn’t notice any sign of a shooting. In fact, all he had noticed was the skinny girl with the long hair. There was one picture of the crime scene, blurry and small and to the left of the newscaster’s head, but Kylo could make out a blue car and a beige blur, standing to the side, seemingly unaware that her picture was being taken. Was the blue car the suspect’s? Victim’s? Or was this just some image of the intersection taken for the story. The newscaster didn’t say anything about it, didn’t even ask for anyone with information to come forward. Kylo pressed play and the image jumped back to the weatherman, who insisted that there was rain on its way, paired with a side of heavy winds. Kylo did another line, and thought about the girl. * Coruscant. Takodana. Niima. Starkiller. Hux handed him a coffee as he entered and sat in front of a monitor the size of four average computer monitors. He watched as people entered carrying breakfast wraps and protein shakes. The meals of the young and tech-obsessed. First Order buzzed from eleven until two, when everyone took off for four hours only to return to work late into the night. Kylo Ren practically lived here. “I hear you cleared Lor San Tekka’s personal computer,” said Hux, and Kylo could feel the smirk under the surface of the words. “He got the message.” “Oh, I’m sure he did. Too bad he had already sent the documents over to a resistance fighter.” “He … what?” “A ransom went up at four in the morning. I tried to call you.” Kylo had fallen into a deep crash around three. He hadn’t looked at his work phone yet. “What do they want?” “They will leak the document to the public if we don’t give them the names of every First Order executive.” “Not happening.” “Well obviously,” Hux drawled. “But we need to get creative, Ren. They can’t have this information while we have nothing.” “Who did he give it to?” “What?” “Who sent the ransom?” “It came from the server of one Poe Dameron.” Kylo didn’t recognize the name. “Where is this server?” “D’Qar Square.” “Resistance HQ.” “That’s what I said.” Kylo scowled and knocked his coffee off the desk, narrowly missing the mess of wires on the floor. He didn’t care. “I’m going down there.” “Ren.” “I AM GOING DOWN THERE.” * Niima was nearly empty during mid-morning, with most of the residents asleep in the warmth of the sun and the safety of daylight. As he passed Outpost, Kylo noticed that the girl was still there, still standing, still in her dirty beige clothing. He turned onto Outer Rim Highway and made his way towards D’Qar Square. Kylo Ren knew the square well. He parked in the third lot and walked into the main HQ. It looked similar to First Order’s spacious main room, but where the First Order took pride in clean metal lines and employees kept amicable, the Resistance took a military stance, with fluorescent lights and people who looked as though they hadn’t slept in years. No one looked up as he entered, all glued to rows of computer screens. “POE DAMERON," Kylo called, and this got their attention. Eyes widened with the sight of him, their enemy, in their very own space. One man stood up. “I'm Poe.” “You have something I want,” Kylo said. “And as I’m sure your friend Lor San Tekka has informed you, I have something that you do not want me to use.” He pulled out the electromagnetic stimulator. “We’re backed up onto multiple servers,” Dameron said, and furrowed his brow as if wondering how stupid Kylo Ren could be. “Obviously. But I imagine not everyone has backed up their data in the past, say, ten minutes. Perhaps not even for hours.” People quickly turned to look at Poe, and — by Poe’s reaction — they must have had fear in their eyes. Kylo shad struck the truth. “What do you want?” “A private conversation, that’s all.” Poe waited a moment and looked around at the faces of the Resistance. “Follow me.” He led Kylo to a back room. Chapter 2 : Escape The Nest Somehow Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Rey nearly threw herself into the garbage can behind the Chinese restaurant. Last night she had found leftover dumplings, completely wrapped and untouched. She couldn’t hope for anything as good for lunch, but even scraps would help. She had yet to pick up a customer and the money she had earned from the diamond nose ring she had found outside of the Niima dive bar had only earned her enough for an umbrella. She had overheard she might need one soon. Five days. She had been on the street for five days after someone found her squatting in her old warehouse hideaway. The first two nights she made do on the food she had collected, but then she had to make a plan. For three days she attempted to sell herself. For three days, not a single car stopped. Well, one car had stopped. The man inside had leaned out the passenger window with a shotgun and Rey had dropped to the ground. But the shooter had no interest in her, and took fire at a man who was sprinting down the road, heading away from Niima Coffee. Rey knew better than to look too long, but the man who was running seemed too well dressed to be gang affiliated. No, he looked more like one of the techies who had run her family out of their home. What was weirder was the laniard he dropped. A silver and gold orb with the characters BB-8 carved into the side hung from the string. It was beautiful, and as soon as the car was gone, Rey had pocketed it. At the bottom of the bin she found three soggy spring rolls. She tentatively sniffed at them and found that they were soaked in sweet and sour sauce, then devoured the snack quickly. It would have to do. She found quiet alley and curled up on herself, ready for a long night, and gave silent prayer that it would not rain. * The next afternoon, a car stopped in front of her. She felt her heart race, and realized suddenly that the prospect of money had her actually excited. Rey embraced it, knowing the fear would come later. A man leaned out the window and beckoned to her with two fingers. “How much?” Rey hadn’t thought this far ahead. “A hundred?” “For you? Nah. I’ll give you fifty.” Rey felt the sting of insult, but the pain of hunger ached more. “Okay.” “Get in,” he said. When she was in, he began driving quickly, and now Rey felt the anxiety set in. “What’s your name?” She asked. He looked at her sidelong. “Teedo,” he answered gruffly. He didn’t ask for her name, but after a few moments of silence, he asked who owned her. “No one,” she said. She toyed with the orb that hung around her neck. She had taken to keeping it hidden under her shirt, but the man hardly looked at her, and she felt safer with it in her fingers. “No one?” “No.” He turned hard on the wheel. “Change of plans,” he announced. “We’re going to see Unkar Plutt.” * Rey couldn’t decide if she was relieved that Teedo had brought her to the only bar on Niima street and not some cheap motel, or if she should be suspicious. The nature of the conversation that led her here should tip the scales towards suspicion, but she felt some of the butterflies in her stomach evaporate at the concept of a public location. She only hoped she would still get her money. Her relief dissipated when Teedo pushed her around back and knocked a complex rhythm on an office door. “What is it?” A voice called. “I have something to offer you,” Teedo called back. The door swung open and behind it was the largest man Rey had ever seen. “A girl,” he declared. “Working the street. Belongs to no one.” “Is this true?” He looked to Rey. “It is,” she said meekly. “Bring her in.” The office smelled of mildew and old beer. Rey remained standing while the two men assessed her. They whispered and Rey saw the large man give Teedo a wad of money. “Will I still get paid?” She asked. The large man chuckled. “Did you use her service?” he asked Teedo. “No. I owe her nothing.” The large man nodded and then stood, looming over Rey so she couldn’t run. “You are owed nothing. And from now on, any profits you make belong to me. You may live here, in the room at the end of the hall.” This was a lot for Rey to take in, so she just nodded. The man grinned and held out his hand. “And you may call me Unkar Plutt.” * Rey’s room was small and shared the mildew scent with Plutt’s office, but there was a roof and for this she was grateful. A mattress lay on the floor and seemed to have been chewed by rats, but Rey sat on the edge and took in the space. Her new home. Plutt had even promised her some of the leftovers from the bar at the end of each night. The was a small pile of concrete dust and nails in the corner, and Rey picked up a nail and scratched a line into the drywall. Her first night. She was not naive. Rey knew what the arrangement meant. She will have to start prostituting on the regular, and giving in to Plutt whenever he wants her. Her room didn’t lock, but in the moment she was as close to happy as she had been in years. She settled in, and promised herself that tomorrow she would get her umbrella from where she stashed it in the alley and bring her only possession back here. Tomorrow night, Plutt assured her, she would be working. * The rain began in the middle of the night, and Rey curled in on herself on the mattress. Springs poked at her ribs, but she didn’t care. She smiled, happy to be off of the street for the storm. The wind howled. * Her first client was a yellow-haired man with three chins and small hands. It was midday when he arrived at the bar. He invited her into his car and began to drive through the rain. He might have told her his name, but the rain made it impossible to hear. When he pulled over onto where Niima street met Takodana, she felt confused. There was nothing here. No motel, no houses. Just alcoves between boarded up shops. He pushed her towards and old liquor store and she went, feeling the rain soak into her hair and run down her face. “Where are we going,” she shouted into the rain. “Go,” he urged, so she did. Once she was pressed against the wall, she turned, and he held up a knife. She screamed but he clapped a hand over her mouth. “Shut up, or I’ll sink this into one of your kidneys.” She nodded, her eyes wild. She thought of her room behind the bar, the one etch in the wall. No one would find her. “Now, I just want to cut you a little. Just want to see you bleed.” She blinked hard, unsure of when the tears began to fall, her face already soaked with the pummelling rain. He raised his knife to her temple and pressed slowly, then slid down. Notes: Kylo and Rey are about to meet. I promise. Chapter 3 : Restless Liars and Dealers On the Take The room that Poe led Kylo into was decorated with newspaper clippings about resistance attacks and cyber hacking. Kylo read the headlines for a moment before turning his attention to Poe. “Proud of your achievements?” “We both know that the resistance did almost none of those attacks,” Poe said. “But that’s not why you’re here.” “No,” Kylo agreed. “I came for the documents.” “I don’t have them.” “Bullshit.” “I don’t. I dropped them when your henchman tried to kill me.” “I didn’t send anyone to kill you. You set a ransom last night.” “The General’s idea. She wanted to spook you. Wanted to see if it was enough.” “If what was enough?” Kylo had a hundred questions running through his mind. He waited. “Whatever’s in the documents.” “You don’t know.” “Lor San Tekka gave me a drive. I was on my way back here when I was shot at. And you’re telling me you had nothing to do with that.” Kylo shook his head, more to himself than as an answer. “Where did you drop it?” “Look, I don’t know what’s on there, but I do know that it would be destruction if you were to get the documents before the public did.” There was no point in pressing. At this point, every resistance fighter had backed up their data to the server, and he couldn’t hack anything standing in this room. He put his hands up in a placating gesture. “Fine. I’ll leave you alone. But tell the General that we are not impressed at First Order. There will be repercussions for this … prank.” Poe remained still while Kylo turned and left, breathing deeply and plotting his next move. * Kylo did not return to work. Instead, he headed home. The sky was clouding over and it seemed to match his temper. His father had told him at a young age that storms were sometimes called tempests, and the root of temper came from the word. Kylo pushed his father out of his thoughts and accelerated. As he crossed the intersection of Niima and Outpost, he looked out for the girl, but the street was empty. At home he went straight for his computer. There was nothing that the resistance had that he needed, not if Dameron had been telling the truth. Kylo typed the lines of code he had long since memorized to hack into their database and saw that the activity on the server had been gradually lowering until he had threatened to clear their internal hard drives. This was not the behaviour of an institution with encrypted documents that held top-secret First Order information. If Dameron had brought the files, there would have been a spike in activity. Knowing the General, no one would have been allowed to leave. Still, Kylo had promised revenge, so he threaded a line of code throughout their server that lead to an influx of pop-ups advertising gold-plated erotic handcuffs every time anyone saved to the server. They would be able to remove the code within a couple of hours, but Kylo didn’t care. He was exhausted, and he had only had a small hit of cocaine left from the night before. He went to his liquor cabinet and pulled out a bottle of vodka before taking a long swig. He shuddered with the taste but savoured the burn, then sank down in front of the television. No news today. No, today he just needed to get lost in some trashy television drama and drown the afternoon deep in the bottle. * It was midnight when Kylo Ren realized where the drive had been dropped. If Lor San Tekka had given it to Poe Dameron before Kylo Ren cleared his computer, but after he sent the email announcing he had found it (it was this email that led Kylo to the meeting-under-duress in the first place) then he had to have met Dameron in the coffee shop. And then Kylo remembered. He had seen Poe Dameron before. The resistance fighter had been fleeing the coffee shop when Kylo entered, had almost smashed into him when he went in. And Poe said he had been shot at. The drive by. Niima and Outpost. The girl. It was then that Kylo realized who he had to ask. * The rain pelted against the window in Kylo’s bedroom. He woke up with the worst headache he had experienced in at least a year. His stomach felt stable enough, though, so he slowly got up and dressed. He looked at the clock. 10AM. It would be noon before he got himself to work. Kylo went to the shower, allowing the revelation of the night before to come back to him. He had to look on Niima street, but he had a hunch that if something as shiny as a flash drive had been dropped on in the Jakku district , it would have quickly been picked up by one of the beggars. And he knew of one who had been on the corner of the shooting for at least most of the day, judging from the TV news footage. He finished showering and got dressed, took pain meds for the headache, and threw on his hooded rain jacket. Hux would be wondering what had happened at Resistance HQ yesterday. Kylo did not check his phone. He could hardly make out any of the usual landmarks of his trip into work. The traffic circle was done by rote more than vision, and Takodana flowed into Niima with the rain. Though, he could make out a car pulled to the side of the road. Kylo slowed down, unsure if they were about to pull out or if someone was hurt. He didn’t care about the latter, but his head was in a state and he could see himself being carelessly t-boned by some idiot pulling away from the circle. Instead, he noticed two figures clinging together in a doorway. Passion in the rain? Perhaps they had nowhere else to go. Except the car. Kylo slowed even further, curiosity getting the best of him. Something glimmered and Kylo swallowed, unsure if what he saw was real. But it was. A knife. The man was holding a knife up to a skinny girl who had her hair pinned back. The girl on the corner. Kylo pulled in close to the other vehicle and got out. He threw his hood over his head and stalked towards the pair. The girl saw him first and made a strangled scream, but the man gripped her throat in one hand. There was blood on her face, Kylo could see. He had been cutting her. Something flared within him. No. He needed this girl. She could have information about the drive, about the documents. “What is happening here?” Kylo said. “Get lost,” growled the man. Then he turned around. Kylo was a foreboding figure. Over six feet tall with his face hooded in an expensive black raincoat. Kylo repeated his question. “Who are you?” Asked the man, half in wonder. “Someone with a lot more power than you. Someone with your license plate number. So if you want to be tried for … whatever this is, continue. Otherwise, you will release the girl to me.” “I paid for her.” “You didn’t pay for this.” Kylo gestured at the girl, whose eyes were fluttering. Blood loss? Maybe he had injured her in more places than he could see. The man looked up at Kylo, then back at the girl. “She’s useless now, anyways,” he muttered, and released her. The girl crumbled to the ground, unconscious, and Kylo was quick to grab her behind the neck and knees. He held her for a moment, giving the man time to run off, before he took her back to his car. Well, shit. He couldn’t go back to work with some passed out prostitute in his car.