Poe and Finn didn’t meet for approximately two weeks. All the squadrons were being assigned for more missions that Poe could count and it was his duty as a commander to lead them. Finn – who had become a sergeant – was leading incursions into First Order’s bases. Each one of them working in favor of democracy in opposite sides of the Galaxy. Both men almost didn’t believe when they finally met aboard the old Light Cruiser which now belonged to the Resistance, it was the first time they stepped in that ship. As far as both were leaders of their respective groups it was their duty to report to the General immediately , but at the moment their eyes encountered they ran towards each other and kissed passionately. There were some people around, of course, they were in a spaceship and it was barely impossible to be not noticed. They knew their colleagues were gossiping about their affair and they also knew the general probably wouldn’t approve that kind of non-professional relationship, but it’s been two weeks since the last time they talked or saw each other and, as they finally did, they could only think about being together. “So, how you’re doing, sergeant?” Poe asked. “I’m good, but the last mission totally sucked.” Finn answered “about a week in the jungle, camouflage and everything else, rations as food, but at least we were able to invade the First Order’s building and take it. And then, it took one more week until make things right. How about you, best pilot in resistance, how you’re doing?” “I’m okay… you know” he smiled “I bet you don’t guess which ship I piloted” “Another TIE Fighter?” the sergeant asked curious. “No, better” the excitation in the pilot’s voice was evident. “I have no idea, Poe. You can fly anything, can’t you?” “Of course” he agreed proudly “Finn, we took a Star Destroyer” The expression on the ex-stormtropper’s face was of deep admiration. He admired Poe since they met for the first time aboard the Star Destroyer known as Finalizer. “ I wouldn’t expect less of you” he said. “Me and my team took a Star Destroyer, you and yours took an entire First Order’s base. I think they don’t put us on the same team ‘cause the war would be over in seconds and they would miss all the fun!” the pilot joke. “Indeed” Finn agreed “hey… we need to report, don’t we?” “For sure we do” Poe agreed. They walked to the headquarters, Leia Organa was examining some maps received by the HoloNet, when she saw them she sighed relieved. “Excuse us, General” they said. “Please, come in” she answered “Welcome back. Sergeant Finn, please, report” “Yes, ma’am” the black man started to talk “everything went well during the mission, but we needed to spend a week hidden in the jungle in order to manage a satisfactory strategy. Unfortunately we lost some good men during the offensive, their names are in the report I sent you on the way here” “And how’s the base situation?” she asked, her countenance impassive in face of the death’s news. “Well, a considerable part of it was bombarded by the own Order when they realized they lost the base” he said “our intelligence is working to retrieve the archives, maybe we can discover some clues about the other bases.” “It would be incredible valuable, but we can’t count on it. What are the chances of they try to get it back?” “I believe it’s unlikely at the moment. The Order doesn’t matter with partially destroyed bases or ships” Finn looked at her seriousness “The garrison was pattern, nothing out of the ordinary, even if we find any important information I believe they’ll have already change their basis.” “Okay, sergeant. Even if we don’t get any important information at least we got the proton canons that we went for. It will be really useful for us” “Yes, ma’am” Leia turned to Poe’s direction, whose leg was impatiently shaking. “Report, commander Dameron” she asked. “We took a Star Destroyer” he simply said. “And?” “Full access, coordinates on system, some Order’s hangars localization too, but nothing about Snoke whereabouts.” If the general was disappointed she did not show, she assumed a high risk by authorizing both missions and they weren’t able to achieve nothing significant in terms of information. Poe’s impatient behavior was disturbing her, he always been her most dedicated pilot. “Causality’s?” she asked. “Few. Black Squadron suffered none, but Blue Squadron passed through serious problems, we lost two pilots and three ships, it’s all in my report” he added, mention the report to Poe was basically the same thing of saying he wanted to leave. “All right, guys. We’ll still travel for some days in the hyperspace” she raised her eyebrows in a sign that Finn swore it was of disapproval, he was sure she already heard the rumors about them “get some rest” Poe smiled and landed his hand on Finn’s shoulder. “We will” he said. “You can use any empty bedroom in the quarters’ area, Threepio will show you” “S’okay, General” Poe said “We can find our way” Leia noticed that Poe’s hand was still on Finn’s shoulder, she could almost feel the tension between them and, although she didn’t like her men to be romantically involved she wouldn’t be hypocritical to judge them considering she involved herself with Solo in an alike situation in the past. Now, she understood why the Black Leader was so impatient, it’s been a while since he and Finn were together. “Alright, alright” she agreed, tired “you’re dismissed” Finn had no idea of where the quarters were located, although Poe never stepped that Cruiser in special he knew the structure of all possible ships and it took no long for they to find it. The younger man thought he was being paranoid but he could swore that all the people they met in their way were starring at them and he felt a little bothered about it. Trying to not be upset he didn’t comment anything with his partner. “Where’s Beebeeate?” he asked “He needed to be repaired” Poe commented “but it wasn’t serious, I know it’s weird to not have him around.” “Yeah… it’s weird” Finn agreed “but I’m happy it was nothing serious” “That droid can handle a lot.” Poe said. “Do you think I don’t know? Did you forget the time we spent together from Jakku to Takodana?” Poe guffawed, Beebeeate really passed through uncountable dangerous situations when he was with Finn. “That’s true, you certain know his determination” It didn’t take too long to they find an empty room, later they’d be in separated rooms for sure, at least if they wanted a bit of comfort. But not in that moment, not after being two weeks away from each other’s arms. It has been only one little bed in the room which need to be pulled down in order to be used and a little wardrobe, all in a military way. Finn pulled the bedroom and sat, tired, the cases they carried were left in the ground, the soldier almost couldn’t believe he’d finally get some rest. Poe sat by his side. “A week in the jungle, then?” Poe asked “it must have been a pain in the ass.” “ Fuck , Poe, you have no idea” the soldier complained “and to control the newbies? They almost screwed up plenty of times. The guys think it’s shot first and ask later. Why exist strategy?” Poe laughed about the commentaries of the other man, Finn had an entire life of military training, that kind of thing was part of him, and it was totally normal that he was able to see some situations in a different way than his team. Despite the commentaries, he knew his partner was an excellent leader. “That’s why you were there, Sergeant” he commented “to lead, you know?” “Yeah, yeah. It was what I did” he said humidity “but tell me, how’s the sensation of piloting a Star Destroyer?” “Far different than an x-wing” he explained “it’s kind of difficult to pilot ‘cause you can feel all that weight. It made me think how nice it would be to have a ship of mine.” “You have your x-wing, Poe” he pointed “it’s yours, it’s even black, who else have a black x-wing?” “Are you saying it isn’t cool?” he joked “it makes all sense, I am the black leader” “Of course it’s cool, I’m not judging.” “So” he kept saying “I wanted one of those ships, not a Star Destroyer, but maybe a frigate, with a crew and everything else, do wherever I want, conquer some liberty on space. Who knows some day when all of this is over.” “Hm” Finn answered approaching to Poe, his faces were really close now “And would I have some occupation in your crew?” Poe seriously stared him and bit his low lip. “Without a doubt, you would be my shooter like when we stole that TIE Fighter”. "I don't know" Finn joked "I think you'd have to convince me" "Well... I think I know how to convince you" Poe approached his lips to Finn’s and kissed him with desire, the strong arms of the soldier involved him, both were missing each other’s warmth. “Fuck, Finn” Poe interrupted “I am sick of we being sent away all the time” Finn returned to kiss his boyfriend for a while, until he answered. “So am I, but what we can do? The Galaxy needs us” Poe touched Finn’s neck with his lips feeling the pulsation of his veins, kissing him slowly, the strong arms still passing along his back, both of them could not stand the desire caused by the forced sex deprivation. “Oh, Finn, I jacked off for two weeks thinking of you” Poe confessed. Finn leaded one of his hands to Poe’s chin and looked him in the eyes full of lust for him. “I missed you too” he answered. Both laughed, the intimacy he had was precious, especially for Finn who never had been intimate with anybody else before. He still remembered how surprised he was when he discovered his feelings for Poe and Poe’s for himself. The kisses became deeper and lascivious, Poe was still wearing his orange coveralls, his flight suit. Finn was wearing the typical green suit which identified him as a Resistance sergeant, patent he conquered for a high cost. After a few minutes their clothes were tossed on the floor next to the bags with their belongings. Poe squeezed into the small bed and Finn stands over the pilot, not long ago he felt himself confused every time they had sex, but he was a great student and now he totally understood how that kind of thing works and he started to realize how crazy he was for the man below him. His kisses were concentrated in Poe’s neck who was stroking his large back. Finn was kind to him as no one else had ever been, it was impressive how someone who was raised with the purpose of killing could be that kind. Finn’s lips downed, his tongue played with Poe’s nipples which shivered due the wet touch. Poe moaned. “Try not to make too much noise, Poe” Finn asked by realizing how excited his partner was. His words would have the opposite effect in the pilot, but the shooter still hadn’t understand this part of his boyfriend’s personality and he was not able to decipher the smile that appeared in Dameron’s golden face. Part of his excitation was exactly ‘cause they were about to fuck in a ship full of people they knew. “On your command, sergeant” Finn’s tongue was now focused in Poe’s abbs, he was shaking with the proximity of his lover’s face to his penis until he felt Finn’s hand involving it, his body shivered due the touch. Finn was delighted by the reaction of Poe’s body, he loved seeing him breathless, his lips half-open. Some time ago he couldn’t imagine himself being able of giving pleasure for someone else and seeing his lover reacting to his touches was enough to make him happy. He took Poe’s member to his mouth, the pink head was wet covered by precum which he licked provocatively while looking into his lover’s eyes, feeling the male taste. “Damn, Finn” he moaned “when you become so perv?” “I had a good teacher” They laughed again, Finn engulfed his partner’s cock, sucking it with desire, feeling the pulsating veins against the thin skin of his lips. Poe was moaning low and pressing Finn’s head against his groin in order to make him swallow his entire organ. It was common for Finn to gasp when they started to sexual relate, Poe needed to explain everything they’d do step by step, but it wasn’t necessary anymore and Finn dominated the oral sex technique like a master. Finn played with his lover’s member, licking the head for a while, passing his tongue by its extension until reach his scrotal sac, there was some fine hair in there, he put one of Poe's balls in his mouth, the pilot moaned louder. “The noise, Poe” Finn warned. “You suck one of the most sensible parts of my body and want me to be quiet? It’s not gonna happen, Finn” Finn directed his face next to Poe’s, kissing his soft lips, his fingers curled in the middle of his hair, he pulled his head back slowly. “I’ll have to keep your mouth occupied them” he declared. “It’s a good idea” Poe answered. Poe loved all the sex nuances, he loved being the only person in Finn’s life, he loved Finn with all his soul and body, and he loved seeing him squirm of pleasure. Finn kneeled in front of him, his member long and thick was pulsing in front of Poe’s face. Poe kissed first his stomach to then concentrate then in the dick, the salt taste invading his mouth. Finn contained the moanings and groanings that insisted to come to his throat. Poe, by realizing it, kept sucking him harder and harder, the soldier was biting his lip trying to avoid the noises, to avoid people to hear them, he felt a metallic taste due to the blood filet he took off and, without even notice, the sounds started to escape from the deep of his throat. “How about the noise, Finn?” Poe asked provocatively . “You’re a son of bitch” he said. “And you love me” the pilot answered “damn Finn, fuck me now, I can’t stand it anymore” Finn smiled as answer, the bags with their things was still on the ground. They started to search it trying to find some lube or some other thing that they could use as it. Poe was the one who found a small bottle almost in it end. He slicked his hands with the liquid and passed it in his lover’s penis which was now shining due the fluid. “Almost a lightsaber” Finn joked. “In size and thickness too” Poe commented biting his lip. Finn felt himself flattered by hearing those words. “And where do you want this huge cock?” he asked raising his eyebrows. Poe bit his low lip as he always did when he saw or heard something that excites him, he holds Finn’s face and, serious, he answered. “Oh, you know very well” Finn has positioned himself above the other again, sucking his neck while forced his penis against his lover’s entrance, Poe was scratching his back while he was being invaded, Finn’s member was sliding easily against the experienced anus of the pilot, although it still hurts a little due to the caliber of the younger’s dick. Since they were together for the first time, every time they were alone they couldn’t stay away from each other. When the sergeant perfectly fitted the pilot, Poe moaned out loud, their chests were stuck, their breaths were close, the sweat was starting to drain in Poe’s face due the penetration burning, Finn pulled away Poe’s hair from his forehead and looked in his eyes affectionately, he loved to feel himself as part of Poe. Poe returned the gaze showing love, desire and lust, he approached his face to Finn’s and bit his lip, pulling down, his tongue invaded the sergeant’s mouth, licked his lips, once a while he closed his eyes in order to feel the other inside of him. Finn, by realizing Poe’s body was perfectly relaxed, started to move as the partner taught him centuries ago, their bodies fell apart, the first strokes were carefully, his lover’s body was too precious for Finn to hurt him, but Poe didn’t matter, he never mattered, Finn could hit him all the night that he would still love him. “Come on, Finn, harder” he asked. The former Stormtrooper didn’t obey him quickly, he wanted to feel Poe’s warmth involving him, he kept moving in the same rhythmic, but the pilot wanted more and started to move his hips combined with his boyfriend movements. “Do you want more, then?” “From you I’ll always want more” Gradually Finn increased the velocity and applied more strength in his movements, Poe was groaning loud without matter if the quarter’s walls were made of a really thin metal, he could feel all the weight of the soldier's muscled body above him and he was totally dominated by desire. Finn wasn’t mattering with what their colleagues could hear or speak after either. That moment was his and Poe’s, even if the own General could be in the room aside he wouldn’t stop. They lied down side by side, Finn still moving against Poe’s ass, his free hand directed to his lover’s hard dick, his mouth focused on his neck and the noise of skin against skin echoing in all the quarters area. “Fuck, Finn, you’re so good to me” Poe said between moanings. Finn’s answers, however, were physical, he kept sinking into Poe’s body. Poe’s get down on all fours, Finn holds his hips and started to penetrate him again, contemplating the beautiful vision of the other’s back. The boyfriend, sometimes, turned his head back in order to see Finn’s face while fucking him and Finn just loved when he did it. In a certain moment, Finn reached the other’s prostate who were now moaning without any sign of shame. The guttural sounds which was coming from Poe’s throat were the best thing that Finn ever heard in all his life in his opinion. Stroking against Poe’s body and digging his nails into his butts, Finn reached the orgasm inside the partner. Poe felt the warm liquid draining from his rectum, but his cock was still totally hard and needing immediate relief. Finn threw Poe on the bed and licked all the cum which leaked from the other man’s anus feeling the flavor of himself. After, he focused on the organ, neglected so far, and so needed of being discharged that it didn’t take much for him to come in Finn’s mouth. The flavors mixturing. Finn approached to Poe’s face and kissed him in order to make he taste it too. They smiled while starring each other, two weeks was a long time after all, even more for lovers like them. They knew that the Galaxy was dying, but when they were together they felt alive. “I missed you” Poe admitted. “I missed you too, Poe” They hugged and felt asleep cuddled, soon or later they’d split again, they were totally aware of that fact, they knew the republic needed them desperately, they knew they were essential pieces in that war game that seemed to have no end. But while they were together traveling across the galaxy, nothing else mattered. Notes: That's it! I really love stormpilot, it's my favorite OTP ever. I'm translating all my works in order to post it here (It may took some time) I have a tumblr now, if you want to know more about me you can check it out: dovahkiin6669.tumblr.com See you soon!