A Truth "Galactically" Acknowledged “It is a truth galactically acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a partner.” These words, however simple, had been drilled into my mind by my mother’s drone, since a young age. Probably since I was six years old, when it was determined that my mother, Leading General of the Resistance, would not be having anymore children- myself being the only one. So who am I, then? My name is Ben Solo. I'm a shabby, good-for-nothing pilot, as any of my friends would tell you. I've grown up alongside a few, consistent group- Poe, Finn, Rey, and BB-8. Rey is the oldest, but not by much. She's 22, and I'm 21. After me is Finn at 20, Poe at 19, and well, BB-8 is a droid. But if we were keeping count, he’s probably 15. He's been at Poe’s side since Poe was 4. --- “My dear Pri- er, General! Oh, General Organa!” Came C-3PO, practically bellowing down the hallway. My mother, Leia Organa, lifted her head from her book, probably wondering what that wiry droid had brought this time. Poe, Finn, Rey, and I were gathered, leaning against a table in one of the base’s common rooms. “Yes, C-3PO?” She replied, as the droid staggered through the entrance. “The General’s estate in the Netherfeild Region has been let at last! How wonderful for the children!” Although I was the General’s only child, she had all but adopted the others. Leila raised an eyebrow, “By First Order members, no less? I don't see how they would benefit the children. “Oh my General, you wound me! This could be an opportunity to conduct diplomacy!” C-3PO wailed. “You must send to them, saying the children are eager to meet them- Ah! I haven't even said who they are! Um, BB-8, if you will?” At that, BB-8 shifted, and projected an image of two people- a ginger-haired man in a long black coat, grimacing, and a tall woman with white-blonde hair, wearing a Mona-Lisa smile. Leila bristled. “Captain Phasma and General Hux? You want the children to fraternize with them? I will introduce them. That is all.” C-3PO seemed to be the most happy with this news. I scoffed internally. ‘Fraternize? That's such… a mum word.’ I thought. --- Well, the day came. And by that, I mean the four of us- with Mum and C-3PO- were being flown out to the Netherfield Region for the Military Ball there. Rey was stunning, and no doubt would be able to sweet-talk military secrets out of the enemy (as Mum had encouraged!). I was less than, dressed in a suit with a green tie, my iconic messy, black hair still in my face. “Charming.” Is how C-3PO sarcastically described it. When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by First Order soldiers- all out of cold, common courtesy. We talked, we mingled, and then they entered. At the top of a grand stairwell, a grand woman in a red dress descended, accompanied by the ginger. ‘General Hux,’ I remembered. ‘Cold Bastard.’ The entire room had become silent. The two walked down the ballroom and back, a common introduction. The talking began again, and Rey and I were dragged across the ballroom by a specific bronze droid. “Captain Phasma, General Hux!” He yelled, grabbing their attention. Phasma smiled warmly, Coming over with reluctant Hux in tow. “Hello, C-3 unit. Who are these two?” She asked. C-3PO sputtered. “Why, these are her liege, Reyna Skywalker and his nobility, Benjamin Solo-Organa! Reyna and Benjamin have both come of age as military apprentices, and seek comradery!” Phasma’s eyes widened, and she nodded. “I see… well, I am Captain Gwendoline Phasma, and this is superior and friend, General Armitage Hux-” the ginger interrupted, “Thank you, Gwendoline, just General Hux will do for acquaintances.” Rey and I exchanged quick glances, conversing our thoughts- “You saw that?”- “Yeah, talk about frigid.” Phasma smiled at Rey. “A dance, your liege?” She asked, extending a gloved hand. Rey laughed and accepted it. Phasma whisked her off, Rey’s dull bronze dress billowing behind her. C-3PO nodded to Hux and I, before fleeing off. Hux raised an eyebrow at me, reluctantly extending his hand. “Your… nobility, was it?” I skepticized him right back. “Thank you, General, but ‘Your Regal Militant Highness, Benjamin Padam Solo-Organa, son of Leia Organa of Alderaan,’ will do. Or, Your Highness, if that's too much of a mouthful.” He grimaced, and I grinned as I took his hand. This would be fun. --- We had courteously danced for about 20 minutes when I coaxed him into a drink. The another, and another after that. Eventually, I had a bleary-eyed General with a messy mane of orange staring intently at me, as if searching for something. “I… I know why you're here, Solo.” He managed. I acknowledged him. “Oh?” “You want… military secrets! You… uh- filthy resistance pilot.” “Really?” I replied, humoring him. “Yes! It's obvious! Why else would General Organa send her two Force-trained apprentices to co-mingle with the First Order?” “You could tell about the Force?” He drunkenly scoffed. “I-I am a *trained* Proffesional, Benjamin Solo-Org-org.. Organa!” I laughed way too hard at that reply. Now, it was my turn to reply. “Unfortunately Armitage, you'd be wrong.” “Aw.” Oh god, he was cute. “You see, Rey and I are the only two who could potentially succeed my mom as General. Luke can't, as a Jedi, and Rey is his only living descendant. I'm closer in line, however, as the General’s son. Anyway, we’re expected to marry-” he cut me off. “Marry?!” I chuckled. “Yes, marry someone of equal or greater power to sustain the Resistance.” “I don't want to marry you.” He said, like a drunken slap. I scoffed. “I never said I wanted to marry you, eith-” he cut me off, again. “You're not Gwen’s type. She doesn't- she's not-” I butted in now. “She likes girls?” I asked. “Yeah!” He replied. There was silence. “You're… you're 21, right?” He asked. I nodded. “And you're 25.” I replied. He leaned forward, searching my eyes again. “You're not so young, but still too young to marry.” I looked off, seeing Rey and Phasma joyfully spin eachother through the ballroom. “I agree. But, it's not my choice.” Intoxicated Ginger nodded, before grabbing my arm and pulling out a pen. “AGH!!” I recoiled, pulling my arm back. He grabbed it again, writing now. ‘EXT-19275 Netherfield Region, 77653//9’ it read. I furrowed my eyebrows. “A Holograph-Com extension?” He nodded. “I don't like you Solo. But, I like company. I feel like I'll see you again.” --- The entire way home, I stared at my arm. “I feel like I'll see you again.” Notes: So!!! Comment Please!!! Oh my god, I love Pride and Prejudice AND Star Wars, so this is great. Much love to Jo for the inspiration.