SitRep Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Jyn woke to the sound of nearby voices. She was laying on a cot, although she had no memory of moving to one. Something on her right drew her attention. When she turned to look, she saw Bodhi kneeling beside her. He looked deeply concerned. “Hey, hey - easy,” he said, hesitantly putting a hand on her shoulder to still her. “How are you feeling?” “I’ve been better, but I’m still here,” she replied, surprised at how much her throat hurt when she spoke. She looked him over. “Are you okay?” The question seemed to surprise him. “Me? Oh, yes - I’m fine. It’s you and Cassian we’re all worried about.” Jyn glanced over at where Cassian lay on a cot perpendicular to her own. His eyes were half-closed and he looked exhausted. “How is he?” she asked quietly. “Broken fibula.” Corporal Danva was fiddling with a handheld medical device as she walked behind Bodhi. “Cracked ribs, a blaster burn which I believe did only surface damage, and a concussion. I don’t think he has any internal bleeding,” she shook the device in annoyance, “but I’m not sure if I’m reading this thing right. I’m going to give him something for the pain and I’ve patched up what I could - splinted the leg, wrapped the ribs, applied bacta patches, that sort of thing. But long story short: he needs more help than we can give him.” “So we take him back to Yavin,” Jyn stated, nonplussed, “I’m sure they have medical facilities there.” Bodhi looked uncomfortable. “You have to understand,” he began awkwardly, “I didn’t have a lot of time to plot a course…” Jyn frowned. “So?” “So, we’re not heading to Yavin, at least not yet. But we will!” Bodhi insisted nervously, watching her reaction. “We’ll just have to come back into regular space so that I can set a new course to take us there.” Jyn felt herself getting frustrated as he spoke, which she knew was pointless. None of this was Bodhi’s fault, in fact he was the main reason they were all still alive. She took a few slow breaths and asked, as evenly as she could manage, “How long?” “To come out into normal space? Maybe an hour? The trip to Yavin IV? Well…” They all heard a yell from the cockpit. Bodhi stood up quickly and began backing away. “Sorry, I asked Tonc to watch the controls while I checked on you. I gotta…get back…” And with that he rushed across the cabin and up the ladder. Jyn looked at Danva. “Will it be fast enough?” “It’ll have to be, won’t it?” the soldier observed. Then her mouth twitched into a slight smile. “Aren’t you going to ask me how you are?” Jyn stared at the ceiling for a moment, considering the question. She knew that she ought to be worried about her own condition, but she couldn’t seem to find the energy for it. “How am I?” she asked dutifully. Danva listed the injuries like she was reading from a menu. “Strained knee or perhaps a torn meniscus - this thing wasn’t entirely clear on the details, but there’s definitely damage. Some burns to your face and leg, and lots of cuts, bruises, and scrapes.” The soldier knelt beside her duffle. “You were really out of it, so Tonc and I moved you. You feel like sitting up long enough for me to see what I can do for you?” “Do I have a choice?” As she began to move, Jyn heard the ship come out of hyperspace. “I thought Bodhi said we had an hour?” “He did.” Danva grumbled. “I wonder what kind of bad kriffing luck we’ve run into now?” A few minutes later, Tonc made his way down the ladder. “There’s something wrong with the ship. We’re going to have to land so that Bodhi can look into it.” “Don’t land anywhere there’s a large Imperial presence,” Cassian mumbled. It seemed an effort for him to speak. Gritting his teeth, he propped himself up on his right arm. “We don’t know if anyone saw us escaping Scarif.” “Easy Captain,” Danva admonished, “you shouldn’t be moving.” Cassian ignored her. “Where are we?” he asked as he pushed up to a sitting position. “Not far from a planet called Takodana. Bodhi said it sounded familiar. Anyone ever been there?” Jyn and Danva shook their heads, but Cassian frowned. “I have.” Notes: This thing might need some further edits, but I'm so tired of looking up injuries and symptoms that I'm just going to post it so I can move things along. On the plus side, this means I can now move all the other parts of the story into the same series in more or less the correct order. Chapter 2 : A Change of Plans It wasn’t Bodhi’s best landing but it was better than crashing. And for a while there, he’d thought crashing was the more likely option. He’d put the shuttle down on Takodana a moderate distance from a large stone temple, just as Cassian had instructed. Their landing site was secluded enough that they could escape detection - at least for a while - but close enough that they could walk to the nearby settlement. Bodhi glanced in that direction, watching the lights as they danced across the surface of surrounding lakes. Everything was bathed with the warm, amber glow of late afternoon. It seemed almost surreal after the chaos of Scarif. He shook himself a bit once he realized his mind was wandering. With effort, he turned his focus back to the task at hand: evaluating the damage to the ship. The process didn’t take long - the problems were easy enough to spot. When he was satisfied that he understood the issues, Bodhi climbed down the outside of the cargo shuttle and made his way back toward the cabin to tell the others what he'd found. Before he’d even rounded the port side of the ship, he heard the yelling. “I’m going and that’s final.” Cassian’s voice was weary but firm. Still, Bodhi could hear the strain in it. He’d heard that tone before, when Cassian had called him from the data vault; hearing it here and now worried him more than any of the ship’s damaged systems. “Scynata is my contact and she knows me. I have to be the one to contact her in order for this to work.” “You can barely stand, let alone walk!” Jyn’s voice was angry, frustrated, and Bodhi didn’t blame her for it. “What good will you be to anyone when you pass out?” “She’s right, Captain.” Danva’s voice - calm, with a slight sarcastic edge. “You’d put us all at risk if you went in the condition you’re in now. Someone else has to go and I’m happy to volunteer.” “You haven’t missed much.” This was spoken softly and from much closer. Bodhi spotted Tonc standing guard at the edge of the ramp to the ship. “What’s the damage?” he asked, stepping aside so Bodhi could pass. “We should probably wait to talk inside.” Bodhi put a hand on Tonc’s arm in what he hoped was a reassuring gesture and began up the ramp. The argument stopped the moment he came into view. All three of them turned to stared at him - Jyn and Cassian still sitting on their makeshift cots while Danva stood between them. Bodhi felt Tonc brush by him as he too joined them in the cabin. “So?” Jyn asked impatiently. “So communications are fried, literally. I think whatever short we developed on Scarif became a full-fledged meltdown after the Death Star…you know-“ Bodhi trailed off for a moment before turning to Cassian. “Sorry, I don’t think I can repair that. At least not without replacement parts - which we don’t have.” “What about the drive systems?” Cassian asked. He seemed to be struggling to focus on Bodhi’s face. “There’s a lot of blaster damage back there. We were lucky to get off the ground, much less manage to stay in hyperspace for as long as we did.” And I’m very glad I didn’t know that while we were in flight, Bodhi thought, or else I would never have risked it. Sometimes it’s better not to know. “Still, the ship has a healthy amount of redundancies to make sure that cargo can get to its destination even in combat situations. I think I can repair or reroute the systems given time.” “Then do that, and I’ll-“ “You’ll stay with the ship,” Jyn interrupted Cassian. “I’m going with Danva to find your contact.” Cassian blinked at her a few times as if unable take in what she’d just said. “Like hell you will,” he said at last, like it was the most obvious thing in the universe, “you’re injured.” “And you aren’t?” Jyn scoffed. “Unlike you, I can walk. Not fast, but I can manage for long enough.” “Jyn, it’s not that I wouldn’t love the company,” Danva said carefully, “but Cassian’s right. Your knee injury could get worse if you try to walk on it.” “So give me that brace from your bag. Don’t pretend it isn’t there,” Jyn waved away Danva’s denial before she could finish making it, “I’ve seen it. You shouldn’t go into the town alone, Danva. You need someone to watch your back.” “What about me?” Tonc spoke up. “I’m not wounded, I can go.” Bodhi felt his chest constrict slightly. For reasons he couldn’t bring himself to consider too closely at the moment, he hoped Tonc would be staying with the ship. Jyn shook her head. “Bodhi needs to focus on the repairs, so someone needs to guard the ship. And no, that’s not you,” she turned to Cassian, “you couldn’t hit a Star Destroyer at three paces in this state.” “I’ve completed assignments with far worse injuries than this,” Cassian stated coldly. Bodhi wondered if that were true. Then he wondered what kind of assignments Cassian was referring to. “Look, we can waste time arguing or you can tell us what we need to know to get the job done.” Jyn glared at Cassian. “Do you want us all to make it back to the rebel base?” “Of course I do,” Cassian snapped angrily. “Then we go with the plan that’s most likely to get us there and that’s me and Danva going into town, while the rest of you stay with the ship.” For a while there was silence as Jyn and Cassian stared each other down. Finally, Cassian gave in. “Fine, but you’ll do exactly what I say. You will not deviate from the plan unless absolutely necessary, do you understand?” “Perfectly,” Jyn said with a sickly-sweet smile. “Now that that’s settled,” Danva interjected, “we have another problem. What are we going to do with the bodies?” Bodhi was somewhat comforted by the fact that both Cassian and Jyn looked as confused as he felt. “What bodies?” he asked. “The bodies of the Imperial inspection team,” Tonc clarified. “We didn’t have a chance to dump them on Scarif.” “And there’s Fisk, Vymatum, and Dremaeck. They died while we were defending the ship on the landing pad.” Danva’s sarcasm had vanished. She was very serious now. “We put them all in the cargo pods until we could figure out something else to do with them.” “Let me get this straight,” Cassian began, “we have six dead bodies on the ship, including three Imperial soldiers who, if found, could be used to ID us all as part of the Alliance assault on Scarif.” Tonc shifted uncomfortably. Danva just nodded. “Great.” Cassian sighed and wiped his hands across his face in exasperation. “Is there anything else anyone forgot to mention?” Everyone was silent for a long time. “Good,” he continued at last, “then let’s get to work.” —— Once they’d agreed on a basic plan of action, Bodhi and Tonc went to gather the equipment to make repairs, leaving Cassian, Danva, and Jyn huddled together in the cabin discussing other details. “Do you think this will work?” he asked Tonc quietly as he search every nook and cranny of the shuttle for tools. “Of course,” Tonc said with forced confidence, no doubt for Bodhi’s benefit. “If we can survive Scarif, this shouldn't be a problem.” Bodhi cringed as he said it. It felt like an ill omen. Chapter 3 : Ancient History Notes: In which our heroes talk...and talk... Everyone onboard the Good Ship Exposition! Cassian Andor preferred to work alone for many reasons. For one thing, it made it easier for him to adapt to changing situations. He could shed identities in an instant, change his approach to a problem without having coordinate with anyone, and, if anything went wrong, he was the only one at risk. Working with others meant he had to spend time managing people's feelings or manipulating them in order to get the results he needed and that was usually far less efficient. In short, Cassian disliked complications. What he liked was control. But everything about Scarif had been complicated. Not enough intel, too little time to plan, too many variables to coordinate over too large an area, and various communications issues. He'd had simultaneously too many and too few people - too few to overwhelm the Citadel and too many for him to manage directly. He couldn’t be everywhere at once. He could only focus on obtaining the Death Star plans while prodding the rest of Rogue One into necessary action from a distance. In many ways it was his worst nightmare made real. And they’d lost so many people in the process - Chirrut, Baze, Melshi, Kaytoo… He’d fully expected to die as well, had almost looked forward to it. Then somehow he’d survived, and now everything was complicated again. —— Cassian's awareness suddenly snapped back to the here and now. This lack of focus worried him more than any of his other injuries. His mind was his chief asset and, if that failed him, what use was he? He could see Danva and Jyn trading worried glances. If this was going to work he needed them focused on the plan, not him. “The Empire hasn’t devoted a lot of military resources to Takodana,” he continued, trying to pick up from where he’d gotten to before his mind started drifting, “it’s isolated, scarcely populated, and has a long history of political neutrality. But while there may not be Stormtroopers on the streets, there are plenty of Imperial spies here. People who work, either directly or indirectly, to funnel information to the Imperial military about this and every other populated planet in the Western Reaches. They also act as a militia, of sorts.” He took a breath and winced, clutching his hand to his side. “If there are Imperial spies here, why don’t the rebels have people here too?” Jyn interjected, her tone argumentative. Her combativeness confused him. Cassian had thought they’d moved past all that once they’d both committed to the Scarif mission. “The Rebel Alliance doesn’t have the resources to station anyone here. But there’s at least half a dozen other rebel groups with a presence on Takodana.” “So what’s the problem?” Jyn asked. “The problem is the groups don’t always get along with each other or the Alliance. Scynata works with one of the largest anarchist groups in the Western Reaches. They don’t particularly like the Alliance, but I think I can convince her to use their resources to help get a message out or to locate transportation for us.” “So you don’t believe the pilot can fix the ship?” Danva asked, causing Jyn to glare at her. “I believe Bodhi will do whatever he can to get this shuttle back in the air,” Cassian replied coolly, “but I also believe in having contingency plans. How much blaster fire did you take on the landing pad?” Danva frowned. “A lot.” “Exactly. We need to prepare for the possibility that we’ll have to find another way off planet. Scynata is one option. Another is Maz Kanata. She runs a cantina out of that castle Bodhi landed us near and she gives sanctuary to smugglers from all over the galaxy. She’s not aligned with any rebel group, but she’s no friend of the Empire either. She doesn’t typically take direct action, but she should be willing to put us in touch with Scynata.” “And, worse case scenario, we can try to barter passage with a smuggler.” Danva nodded. “Got it.” “Good, because here’s the hard part. Scynata is…difficult.” He looked at Jyn. “Not quite Saw Gerrera levels of paranoid, but if she suspects that you’re lying to her, she’s likely to have you killed.” “And why would we lie to her?” “Because she’ll want to know how we ended up here - what our mission was - and she can’t know about Scarif or the Death Star plans. With any luck, the Empire doesn’t know the Alliance has the plans. We need to keep them in the dark for as long as possible and the more people who know-” “The greater the chance the Empire or their spies will hear,” Jyn finished for him. “So we’ll have to lie.” “And do it well.” Cassian shifted, trying and failing to find a comfortable position. At least the pain cut through the fuzziness in his head. “Your best bet is to tell her I’m here and that I need her help. Then comm me and I’ll take it from there.” That seemed to catch Jyn’s attention because she leaned forward and studied his face intently. “Do you have anything on you she’d recognize? Something we could use to prove we’re your messengers?” Cassian started to answer Danva, but Jyn beat him to it. “He doesn’t carry anything personal with him,” she said with such complete certainty that both of them stared at her for a moment. “Well you don’t, do you?” she added defensively. “No. But if you remind her of what happened to Glave Marcus, the situation at Norvis Industries, or The Fifteen Days, that might convince her.” “That’s it?” Jyn’s exasperation was clear in her face and voice. “That’s all you’re going to give us? You’re not even going to explain what all that means?” “You need to get moving,” Cassina stated flatly. “Make sure you’ve got your comlinks and stay in touch. If Scynata or Maz ask you something you can’t answer, call me. Otherwise? Be careful what you say. You don’t know who might be listening.” “You’re still in a bad way, Captain,” Danva observed. “Can you keep it together long enough for us to do all this?” He glared at her. “I’ll have to.” “What about the bodies?” Cassian sighed. He knew this was going to be a touchy subject for Danva and Tonc. He didn’t like it very much himself. “We don’t have time to bury them and we can’t risk having someone discover them. They’ll all have to stay onboard for the moment. There’s no cold-storage in the hold, but at least there’s some temperature controls in that section. I’ll ask Bodhi to set them as low as we can manage - that should help buy us more time at least.” “I’d like to take our people home if we can.” Danva stared at him meaningfully. “Give them back to their families.” “So would I, Corporal,” Cassian replied wearily. All this talking was taking a toll on him. “But let’s worry about the living first. Getting ourselves captured here doesn’t help honor their sacrifice any.” Danva stood up. “I better see what other weapons I can find, and maybe Rook has some extra tools or supplies we can barter with, just in case.” She looked at Jyn. “You coming?” “In a minute,” Jyn said, keeping her eyes on Cassian. Danva glanced between them and shook her head. “Well hurry up. We’re losing the light and this trip will be hard enough without having to make it in the dark.” “Just give us a moment, okay?” Danva nodded and left the cabin. Once she was gone, Cassian turned back to Jyn. “What’s wrong?” “What’s wrong? Where to start? First of all, how do you know this Scynata person? If I’m going to have to convince her to trust us, I’m going to need more than a few random words without context.” “Jyn-“ “Like you said, we need to prepare contingencies. If you’re aware and with it, we can have you talk to her or Maz, sure - but what happens if you pass out while we’re gone? I can bluff my way out of a lot of situations, Cassian, but if I’m going to be convincing to a paranoid anarchist I need to know more.” Cassian sighed again, but relented. “Before I joined the Alliance, I was part of a few different rebel groups, which is how I met Scynata. She was from Mantoonie and I'm from Fest. Over a period called “The Fifteen Days,” the rebel factions we belonged to hammered out an agreement to join forces and create the Atrivis Resistance Group. Both of us were part of the delegations sent to finalize the agreement.” Jyn nodded. “I remember Saw mentioning the Atrivis Resistance.” “I’m not surprised. Anyway, the A.R.G. eventually joined the Alliance. Scynata didn’t like the restrictions that came with that, so she left to join another, more radical group. We’ve seen each other a few times since then and, in a pinch, I’ve used her as my contact on Takodana.” “Is that it? I mean, you were ready to try walking out of here on a broken leg to see her!” “Because I know how she is! She trusts me, but you and Danva are a different story. Why are you questioning me on this, Jyn?” Cassian’s voice was louder now, his frustration growing. “We’re on the same side here!” “Yes, we are - so you need to start trusting me.” Cassian couldn’t hide his surprise. “I do trust you. I went to Scarif because I trusted you, remember?” “Yes, so don’t slip back into old habits now.” “I don’t know what you mean.” “I’m trying to help you, you stubborn moof-milker!” Jyn hissed at him. “Whatever ancient history you’re trying to protect isn’t worth any of our lives and it’s especially not worth yours! I’m not letting you die here, or get captured by some Imperial agent! “Jyn,” he said wearily, “I’m really not that important.” “Don’t give me that! Me, Bodhi, Tonc, Danva - there’s only so much we know that would be strategically valuable. How long have you been with Alliance Intelligence? How many secrets do you know? What happens if you get capture here?” “I won’t.” Cassian looked at her calmly. “Please don’t worry about that, because it won’t happen.” Jyn stared at him for a moment, clearly trying to determine why he was so sure. “You have a suicide pill?” He nodded. Her eyes widened in panic. “You’re not going to take it. Not after everything-” “Not unless I have to.” “Cassian-“ “No Jyn, we don’t have time for this.” He paused. “Unless you want to stay to keep an eye on me and let Tonc go with Danva?” he added hopefully. She gave him a look and he suddenly realized what was happening. He couldn’t believe he hadn’t seen it before. “You’re not leaving Tonc here to protect the ship. You’re leaving him here to protect me.” “Well, you and Bodhi." Jyn smiled slightly, but her expression was determined. "I’m not losing anyone else, Cassian. Not a single person, including you. Got it? We’re getting out of this together.” He didn’t see any advantage in arguing with her on that point. “Together,” he agreed. Chapter 4 : The Past and the Present Notes: I thought it was time we heard from the two lesser known survivors of the Battle of Scarif. I promise, I will get Danva and Jyn to Maz's castle very soon. The Alliance Council was still in discussions, but elsewhere on Yavin IV a decision had already been made. The newly-recruited soldiers scattered in all directions to gather supplies, weapons, and “anything not nailed down” as Captain Andor had said, in preparation for the mission to Scarif. Zas Danva rushed to one of the less busy storage rooms. She gave herself ten minutes to grab anything that might be useful - she didn’t want to risk getting left behind. Danva had nearly filled her bag when she heard someone behind her. “Corporal?” For a moment she was worried she’d been caught by someone from Alliance Command. But then she spotted Taidu Sefla walking towards her, grinning. “Yes, Lieutenant?” “I, of all people, appreciate boundless optimism,” Sefla began with with a laugh, “but why are you packing medical supplies for this trip? Don’t you know a suicide mission when you see one?” “You know what they say, Lieutenant: always be prepared.” She returned his grin. “I’d hate for us to go all that way just to have the mission fail for the want of a few bacta patches.” “Good point.” Sefla grabbed a bottle of whiskey off the shelf. “And in that spirit, I think we need this with us too.” He shrugged. “Just in case we win. If all else fails, we can light it up and chuck it at some bucketheads.” Danva chuckled as Sefla moved off in search of other supplies. She was getting ready to zip up her duffel when she spotted a small medical device lying on a shelf. She pick it up to exam it. “Eh, couldn’t hurt,” she muttered as she tossed it into the bag. —— Danva zipped up the bag of medical supplies and pushed it out of the way. She was tempted to bring some of it into the village to trade but, without the certainty of medical assistance from somewhere, she didn’t feel they could risk doing without any of it. “Did you find anything?” “Yeah.” She glanced up at Jyn and gestured to the duffel on her right. It held an assortment of tools, rations, and other odds and ends. “I’ll carry it. You should put as little weight on your knee as possible. How’s the brace?” Jyn bent her knee experimentally. “It’s…helpful. Doubt I’ll win any races but it should get me there and back. Where’d you find the blasters?” Danva turned to look at the three weapons lying on the floor to her left. “They belonged to Vymatum, Fisk, and Dremaeck.” She shrugged. “They don’t need them, so I thought I’d give you first pick.” Jyn surveyed the blasters with an experienced, professional air. “And after that?” “Well I’d ask Captain Andor if he needs one, but it seems that - despite everything you both went through at the Citadel - he still managed to keep his with him.” Danva pointed across the cabin where a holster holding Cassian’s BlasTech A280-CFE hung off an instrument panel within easy reach of its owner. “Of course he did.” Jyn sighed, as a fond smile flitted briefly across her face. “Check with him anyway. Bodhi can have the other one.” Danva raised an eyebrow at that. “Are you sure? Has he even handled a gun before? Might make more sense to give it to Tonc or take it with us.” Jyn selected her own weapon and gave Danva a sidelong glance. “I’m not leaving Bodhi here unarmed.” The soldier nodded without comment and returned to packing. Frankly, she thought giving the weapon to Rook was a waste of equipment. But she’d seen how both Jyn and Cassian had reacted to her remarks about the pilot in the past and knew this wasn’t an argument she’d win. “Do you have a problem with Bodhi, Corporal?” Danva made eye contact with Jyn who was watching her closely, eyes narrowed. “No. Just with the uniform he’s wearing,” Danva replied, trying to keep her voice light. They couldn’t afford to turn on each other now. “I’ll get over it.” “You better,” Jyn frowned, “because he’s on our side now.” “I know.” Danva picked up the two remaining blasters. “I’ll see which one of these they each want.” “Good,” Jyn said, “and while you do that, I need to talk to Tonc.” —— Corporal Stordan Tonc hadn’t been on Yavin IV long, but he could sense that something big was happening. He watched as the starships carrying the Alliance Council members landed and listened to the rumors whispered by the older military and support personnel. When he saw Sergeant Melshi and several of the other SpecForces soldiers heading toward a briefing room, he ran to join them. As a member of the regular infantry he knew he wouldn’t be invited to such high-level talks, but his curiosity got the better of him. Slipping in with the crowd, he listened in horror as Mon Mothma described the Empire’s new planet killer. He paid close attention as General Draven gave background information about Jedha and the kyber crystal mining. When Bodhi Rook talked about Galen Erso’s work on the weapon, he couldn’t help but feel sympathy for the Imperial defector who was so clearly desperate to make things right. Then, with a growing sense of dread, he listened to Captain Andor and Jyn Erso describe the destruction at Jedha and the attack on Eadu. After that, everything became a blur as the council members argued about what to do. Tonc saw Cassian shoulder his way through the crowd and whisper something to Melshi. The soldier nodded briefly and then the two of them headed quickly out of the room. Tonc debated for a moment before deciding to follow. He caught up to them in a nearby hallway. “I’ll talk to Sefla,” Andor was saying, “but I need you to find Casrich, Pao, Rostok - anyone else you trust who might be willing to join us. We’re going to need to leave quickly before-” He stopped when he realized they weren’t alone. Both men turned and regarded Tonc with suspicion. “Sorry to eavesdrop, Captain,” Tonc said quickly, “but if you’re going to Scarif, I want to come with you.” Cassian eyed him warily. “I’m not sure what you’re talking about, Corporal…” “Tonc,” he supplied. “They’re not going to do anything are they, sir? About the weapon? So that means we’re going to have to do it for them. Right?” Cassian and Melshi shared a look. “Are you sure you want to do this, kid?” Melshi asked. Tonc nodded. “It’ll be unsanctioned. Even if we manage to pull it off, there’ll be repercussions.” “I don’t care. This is too important.” Melshi shrugged and looked to Cassian for a decision. “Okay, you’re in,” the Captain said at last. “Come with me. I have some people I need to talk to.” —— “Are you going to be be okay up there?” Bodhi brushed off Tonc’s question. “I’ve worked on ships like this for a couple of years now. It’s not a problem." “Still,” Tonc said, as he handed Bodhi his tools. “I wish I could help.” The pilot smiled at him and then looked appraisingly at the sky. “I’m going to try to get a few things done outside while there’s still some daylight. When it gets too dark, I’ll switch to the repairs I can make inside.” “Tonc?” Jyn asked as she made her way down the shuttle’s ramp. “Got a moment?” “Yeah sure.” He watched Bodhi clamber up the side of the ship and disappear out of sight before turning to face her. “What is it?” “Listen,” she glanced toward to cabin. “I need you to keep an eye on Cassian and Bodhi while I’m gone.” “Of course,” Tonc replied. He’d planned on doing that already. “Why? I mean, beyond the obvious?“ “Bodhi gets jumpy if he doesn’t have something to keep him busy. So keep him focused on the repairs for as long as you can.” Tonc chuckled. “I don’t think that will be a problem. He’s very keen.” “Good. As far as Cassian, make sure he stays conscious. We’re going to need to talk to him over the comlinks once we get into town.” “Okay-“ He still didn’t understand why she was acting like any of this was unexpected. “And if it comes to a choice, don’t worry about protecting the ship, just protect them.” “But-“ “We can find another way off world. The ship is not the priority - they are. I don’t want anything to happen to either of them, okay?” She looked him up and down. “You either, got it?” “Are you expecting trouble?” he ask, frowning. “No, but based on what Cassian says about the situation on this planet, trouble may find us anyway. Watch out for anyone taking too much interest in who we are and where we came from - they could be Imperial spies. Evidently there’s a lot of smugglers around here. If anyone asks, that’s what we are.” “Smugglers in an Imperial cargo ship?” Tonc couldn’t hide his skepticism. "Right." “It doesn’t have to fool anyone for long. Danva and I will try to be quick.” She paused, biting her lip as if she was trying to make up her mind about something. “And there’s something else. Cassian has a suicide pill stashed somewhere.” “Oh.” Tonc blinked. “You don’t think he’d…I mean, I know he’s injured but…” “It’s nothing like that.” Jyn sighed. “It’s to make sure he’s not captured alive. He knows a lot of things the Empire would find useful.” “Ah,” Tonc nodded, understanding now. “So what do you want me to do? Should I try to take the pill from him?” He hoped the answer was no - he didn’t fancy tangling with Captain Andor, even in his current state. Jyn stared in the direction of the cabin in silence for a while. “No,” she said at last, although Tonc got the impression that she really wanted to say yes. “He’s right, it needs to be an option - at least as a last resort.” She looked back at Tonc. “Just make sure he doesn’t do it prematurely. I’d rather have him as a living pain in the ass than a dead hero.” That was a sentiment Tonc could understand completely. “Yes ma’am. I’ll make sure of it.” Chapter 5 : The Pirate Queen “Comms check. Can you hear me, Bodhi?” There was silence for a moment. “Yes, yes…sorry. I hear you, Jyn.” She heard a metallic clanging sound as Bodhi clearly fumbled a tool in his haste. “We’re getting ready to leave. Keep your comm with you just in case.” “Roger that.” There was a pause. “I can fix this, Jyn. The shuttle.” She wasn’t sure if he was trying to convince her or himself. “I believe you, Bodhi-” “So, so you don’t have to do anything, you know…dangerous. Because I’m going to fix it, okay?” Jyn felt guilty. Here they were hedging their bets against him being able to do just that and he was trying to reassure her. “I know, but we have to explore all of our options.” She checked her weapon and then spoke into the comm again. “Did Danva bring you the blaster?” “Tonc brought it.” Bodhi didn’t sound too happy about that. “But I don’t know how much use I’m going to be with it.” “Keep it on you anyway.” When he didn’t answer, she followed it up with a stern, “I’m serious, Bodhi.” “Okay, okay…yes. I will.” Another pause. “Just be careful, okay?” he said at last, so quietly that she barely heard him. Jyn’s smile was small and sad. “You too.” She cut off her comlink and surveyed the cargo ship. Tonc was outside, already on guard near the ramp. Danva was standing on the path to town, waiting impatiently for her. There was only one thing left to do and she’d been putting it off. She turned to Cassian. His eyes were unfocused until he noticed her looking at him; then, with an effort, he concentrated on her face. “Remember everything I said,” he reminded her. His voice was firm and even, but she wasn’t fooled. She could tell he was in pain and barely holding on. “That won’t be hard, you haven’t said much,” Jyn quipped. She’d intended to sound sharp, biting, but she couldn’t manage it. She studied him a moment longer and wanted…something, but she wasn’t sure what. To punch him and demand that he be everything he was when they first met - strong, confident, in control? To wrap her arms around him and promise that it would all be okay? To yell at him until he was so angry that he’d stay alive just to spite her? She wanted all of those things and none of them. Above all, she couldn’t shake the feeling that if she left now, she’d never see him again. It made her chest feel tight in a way that had nothing to do with her injuries. “You’d better be here when I get back,” she said severely, in an effort to hide her feelings, “or I swear I will hunt you down.” Cassian smiled at that, fleeting and wry, as if they were sharing an inside joke. “I’d expect nothing less.” Jyn nodded and limped off the ship. She waved at Tonc, but resisted the urge to turn back for one last look at the shuttle as she walked away. Soon she and Danva were well into the forest and the ship was hidden from sight. —— The journey took longer than it should have, which Jyn knew was her fault. The brace on her knee stabilized it but also added weight. So, while she started off well, her strength soon began to wane. She and Danva plodded along in silence most of the way and that, at least, was a comfort. Jyn had to will herself forward with every step and she had no energy left for small talk. Several times she worried that they had lost the narrow path in the growing twilight, only to see it emerge again further on ahead of them. Along the way they passed various ships, freighters mostly, hidden among the trees. Occasionally she spotted someone lounging near a ship, watching them with suspicion as they walked by. Guards for the smugglers, she guessed. Good, at least Tonc wouldn’t look out of place back at the shuttle. Danva walked slightly ahead of her now, impatience getting the better of her. The path eventually meandered out of the forest and past the stone walls of a small village. The track was still narrow, but well-worn and easy to spot now as it curved in the direction of the castle on the lake - Maz Kanata’s castle, according to Cassian. Jyn wasn’t sure what to expect, a whole castle for a cantina seemed like overkill. As they crossed the castle courtyard, a statue came into view - a female form with a large head and arms outstretched in welcome. A gentle breeze fluttered the banners hanging on either side. It would have been impressive on any other day, but Jyn was too tired to notice. She wanted nothing more than to sit down for a very long time. Danva waited for her at the base of a set of steps leading to a large red door. She offered her arm to Jyn who leaned on her gratefully, her defiant self-sufficiency abandoned under the weight of her exhaustion. They took the steps slowly, one at a time, and the door slid open as they approached. The noises and smells of the cantina flooded out, surrounding them as they walked inside together. The main room was packed with furniture, all of which seemed occupied. Humanoids, robots, insectoid species, and others too heavily shrouded in robes or armor to be identified, were everywhere. Some stood at gaming tables, wagering credits on games of skill or chance; others sat in clusters, deep in conversation around tables piled with food and drink. In a far corner of the room, a four-piece band was playing a style of music Jyn didn’t recognize. Everyone went about their business without seeming to notice the new arrivals, although Jyn suspected that theories about their identities would soon circulate widely. “You!” called a raucous female voice. Jyn and Danva kept walking, eyes searching for their quarry. “Hey you!” the voice yelled again. “Stop right there!” A small humanoid marched toward them with all the fury of a warrior queen. The figure stopped a short distance away and peered up at them through thick, round spectacles that made her eyes look enormous and bug-like. Her face was heavily wrinkled and she couldn’t have been more than four feet tall, but the force of her personality was obvious in an instant. “Yes, you! You think I don’t know who you are? No politics in here, understand? I have enough issues with the Belligerent Dawn, or whatever else they’re calling themselves this week. You wanna stay? You can stay, but if you start anything with anyone,” she waved her hand toward the door behind them, “out you go.” The woman paused to size up Jyn. “Although this one looks more likely to keel over than start trouble.” Jyn blinked under the verbal onslaught and tried to clear her head enough to respond. “Are you Maz?” The woman was short, loud, and in-charge, all of which matched Cassian’s minimalistic description of the cantina owner. “Well of course I am!” Maz replied indignantly. She paused again and looked at Jyn more closely, adjusting the magnification on her spectacles as she did so. “You…you, interest me. Who are you?” “A friend sent us,” Danva said, taking a step closer to Jyn and putting a protective arm around her shoulders. “He said you’d know him. Dareth Casmel?” Maz snorted in derision. “Oh, you’re two of his sort, are you? Yes, I know your captain ,” she put extra emphasis on the last word. ”That explains why you look like you’ve been chewed up and spit out by a Zillo Beast.” She turned and walked away purposefully. “Come with me,” she called over her shoulder without waiting to see if they did as she commanded. Jyn and Danva shared a confused look and then followed the cantina owner to a small alcove. It was partially separated from the rest of the room by a thin curtain, which Maz twitched out of the way as she entered and then back into place once the two women had joined her. “Sit down before you fall down,” Maz nodded toward a small table and chairs. “I’ll see to food and drinks. You can tell ‘Casmel’ that it’s on his tab,” she said, ignoring their thanks, “and remind him that I always collect my debts.” She left the them alone for a moment as she walked back towards the bar, barking orders at her staff along the way. “That went…well, I guess?” Danva observed hesitantly. Jyn collapsed onto a nearby chair, too tired to reply. Out of the corner of her eye she noticed two heavily armored men staring at her from a few tables over. “We’ll see how long it lasts,” she mumbled, with more than a touch of worry. Chapter 6 : A Friendly Offer With a sigh, Bodhi abandoned his repairs, slung his bag of tools over his shoulder, and climbed briskly down the service ladder on the outside of the cargo shuttle. When he got close to the ground, he jumped the last few rungs and landed with a small, satisfying thud. He quickly spotted Tonc leaning against the ship, eyes scanning the area for any sign of movement. “Any luck?” the soldier asked, without looking at him. “Some,” Bohdi said, “but the rest is going to have to wait until daylight. This flashlight isn’t strong enough to let me see some of the more delicate repairs.” He looked around them. The night was still except for the wind blowing lazily through the trees. “Anything going on down here?” “Nothing. It’s a bit eerie.” He gestured at the cabin. “If you’re going inside, could you grab me one of those ration bars? And check on Cassian while you’re up there. He was doing okay the last time I looked in on him but-“ “Of course, hold on,” Bodhi replied anxiously and scrambled up the ramp. Someone had adjusted the cabin’s lights so that the side with the ladder to the cockpit was well lit, while the side with the cots was dark. Bodhi could still make out Cassian’s shape as he sat on a cot, his back against the side of the compartment. He didn’t move or acknowledge Bodhi in any way as he approached. “Cassian?” Bodhi asked uncertainly. What would he do if the captain was unconscious? Or worse, what if Danva had been wrong in her diagnosis? What if he was more severely injured than they realized? What if he’d survived Scarif only to die on Takodana while no one was paying attention? What if… “I’m still here, Bodhi,” Cassain said wryly. “Calm down.” The pilot huffed out a sigh of relief. He was close enough now to see Cassian watching him with heavily lidded eyes. His forehead glistened with sweat, more than could be explained by the relatively cool evening. “Right, good. Good! Um, do you need anything? I was going to grab some rations-“ “For Tonc, yes I heard.” Cassian shifted slightly and grimaced. “Water, if we have any. Please.” “Right, water, of course.” He began to turn but paused. “You should probably eat something too.” “Probably.” He gave Bodhi the barest hint of a smile. “But I’m not hungry.” Bodhi frowned but nodded. He dropped his tool bag on the floor, pushing it out of the way under a cot, and then headed to the compartment where they’d stowed what food they’d brought with them. He grabbed a couple of ration bars and canteens and carried everything back to the cot. Cassian pressed one arm against his side and reached out with a shaking hand for a canteen. Bodhi tried not to hover as the captain fumbled it open. “I’ll just leave a couple of these here,” Bodhi said as he dropped two ration bars on the cot beside him, “just in case you change your mind.” Cassian covered the canteen and nodded silently. Then he shut his eyes. After a while, Bodhi realized that this was probably a hint that he wanted to be left alone. Bodhi remained close by for a few moments longer anyway, wracking his brains for ways he could help. “Worrying isn’t going to fix anything,” Cassian mumbled. “Go on. Tonc is waiting.” Bodhi sighed and walked back down the ramp. He handed Tonc a canteen and two bars and, finding what looked like the most comfortable place to sit, settled himself on the ground nearby to eat as well. “Thanks,” Tonc said, before tearing the wrapper off one of the bars and munching quietly. They ate in silence, listening to the hushed, unfamiliar sounds of the wildlife on Takodana. “How are you doing with all of this?” Tonc asked suddenly, out of the blue. Bodhi looked up at him in surprise and for a moment he didn’t know how to answer. Tonc seemed to sense this and continued. “I mean, you’re not military. None of this is anything that you’ve trained for and the last few days have been rough.” “Rough?” Bodhi laughed, but it sounded bitter even to his ears. “That’s a massive understatement.” He shrugged. “I dunno, I haven’t had much time to think about any of it, which is probably just as well. There’s too much to do to waste time dwelling, right?” He gave Tonc what he hoped was a brave smile. “I’ll have my nervous breakdown once we’re back and safe.” “Sure,” Tonc said, although he didn’t sound like he believed it. “Just don’t…not deal with it. Trust me, it’ll catch up with you sooner or later.” Bodhi was saved from replying by a rustling noise in the woods. It seemed to come from the direction of the path Jyn and Danva had taken earlier. “Who’s there?” Tonc called out, his voice lower and rougher than Bodhi was used to. Bodhi scrambled to his feet as Tonc hooked his canteen on his belt and reached his free hand for his weapon. For a few seconds there was silence and then they heard a small chuckle. “Easy, friend, easy,” came the reply from an unfamiliar voice. “I’m just out enjoying the night, seeing who else is around. I don’t mean any harm.” “Glad to hear it,” Tonc said, motioning Bodhi behind him. “Why don’t you come out and tell us who you are?” A humanoid form separated itself from the shapes of the trees and stepped slowly toward them. Soon the stranger was close enough to be illuminated by the light from the cabin and they could see that she was a woman. Her face was shrouded by a large scarf that was draped around her head and shoulders and she didn’t seem to be armed. “See,” she said, holding her hands out in front of her, “I’m not a threat at all.” Her voice was smooth and calming, with an odd accent that Bodhi didn’t recognize. Although he relaxed slightly, Tonc didn’t move his hand away from his blaster. “That’s close enough,” he said. “Who are you?” “Elle,” she replied, taking one more step before stopping. She smiled reassuringly. “Elle Wesell. I’m a passenger on a ship that’s docked a bit further down the path.” She gestured behind her, toward the town. “We’re on our way to the Outer Rim. What about you?” Bodhi started to speak, but Tonc spoke over him. “Name’s…Dremaeck.” He nodded toward Bodhi, “He’s Fisk. We’re…delivering cargo.” Elle looked curiously at the ship behind them. “Cargo shuttle, huh? I don’t recognize the type. Where’d you say you were from?” “We didn’t.” “Ah,” she said with a smile, “well, it gets cold here at night. Why don’t you and your friend come back with me to our ship? Some of the other passengers have a made a fire and we’ve got hot food and something a bit stronger than what you’ve probably got in that canteen. I promise you, it’s a far better way to spend the night than standing out here.” Even to Bodhi this offer sounded suspicious. “Thanks, but we’re fine,” he said in what he hoped was a confident tone. Meanwhile, he was trying to remember where he’d put the blaster Tonc had given him. “I’m sure you are, but there’s nothing wrong with being friendly.” Elle took another step forward. “Just a couple of drinks - what harm could it do?” “We’re not interested.” Bodhi turned at the sound of Cassian’s voice to see him leaning against the side of the vessel’s open airlock. He was silhouetted in the light from the cabin so that his face was hidden, but Bodhi could see that he had one hand behind his back. “Thanks for the offer, anyway,” Cassian continued, sounding surprisingly relaxed and casual. Elle shrugged. “Another time perhaps?” She smiled again before retracing her steps back to the path. Bodhi noticed that she did so without ever turning her back to them. Tonc grabbed Bodhi’s arm and pulled him to the opposite side of the ramp so that they were standing directly beneath Cassian. “Trouble?” he asked the spy in a whisper. “Definitely. There was a second one watching from the trees.” Cassian made a grunting noise as he shifted. Bodhi was astonished he was able to stand at all. “We should retract the ramp and close up the ship, just in case. It’ll make it a little easier to defend if it comes to that.” Tonc and Bodhi hurried up the ramp. Once they were both clear, Tonc hit the door control. Cassian remained standing until the hatch was completely closed. Bodhi could see the blaster concealed behind his back now. After the door was sealed, Cassian tried to turn but his leg buckled underneath him. Bodhi and Tonc both rushed to catch him before he fell. “What about Jyn and Danva?” Bodhi asked worriedly, as they helped him back to the cot. Cassian collapsed with a groan of pain before steadying himself. “They should be at Maz’s place by now, so we can call them to let them know. Hopefully they’re close to making contact.” Bodhi hurried to the pack with his tools and ferreted out the blaster he’d been given. It looked like he might need it after all. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the In a Kinder Universe series Next Work →