Double Star The little droid rolled up to where Poe sat. The medbay had slowed down since their last big battle. Assault on Starkiller Base , he had heard some mechanics call it. BB-8 had told R2-D2 all about it, and why it should be called “Destruction of Starkiller Base”. Most of the people who were injured had been released from medbay by now. Bacta did wonders. BB imagined it was like getting an oil bath, but for squishy beings. Still, bacta only did so much. The droid looked up at the bed, Finn’s form still sleeping soundly. Poe had fallen asleep hunched over on the bed. The pilot had barely slept since the battle. BB had tried to press it, but he had yet to get anything out of the man. The droid bumped Poe’s leg, waking him up. The man already had a bad back; this would only aggravate it. Poe woke up, moaning at the sudden feeling and blinking at the bright medbay lights. “Huh? Whaddi miss?” Poe sleepily mumbled. <Your back will hurt tomorrow if you sleep like that.> Poe groaned and sat back in the chair. “Hmm, that’s fair.” He sighed and stretched the other way, draping himself on the chair. <The General wants to know when you’ll be back to report for duty.> Poe frowned, not moving from his spot. He stared up at the root-covered ceiling. “… I don’t know, BeeBee. I don’t know.” The droid rolled a bit closer, concerned. <Are you worried about Finn?> “Yeah,” was the quiet reply. <Me too.> The two sat in silence, listening to the noises of the medbay. The quiet hums and rhythmic beeps seemed like a cruel reminder of what was happening, who they were waiting for. “…He’s probably never seen a real jungle planet.” Poe commented. BB raised its head, looking at his master. <Probably not, no. He mentioned he grew up on Starkiller and various destroyers. What prompted this?> Poe sat up straight and adjusted his clothes. “If… When he wakes up, I’m going to take him to Yavin IV. And Endor. And anywhere else he wants to see. He needs to see the galaxy.” BB beeped in agreement, and then looked at the figure on the bed. He went back into his memory banks and played the events of that crazy day again. How he didn’t trust Finn at first, how Finn gave up everything. When he heard that Finn was hurt, he nearly knocked Rey over rolling to the medbay. <I hope he wakes up.> “Me too, buddy.” BB turned its head to face Poe. <Do you… do you like Finn?> The little droid couldn’t contain its curiosity. Poe raised an eyebrow at that. “’Course I do. Why wouldn’t I like him? He’s a great friend.” BB rolled impatiently in small circles where it was resting. <No, like like. How the General liked Captain Solo.> Poe gave BB a sad smile, but BB did notice a slight raise in the pink tones of Poe’s cheeks. “I don’t know, BeeBee. It’s more complicated than that.” BB tilted its head. Poe sighed. “I don’t know how I feel. Squishy beings aren’t binary, like you.” BB nodded in understanding. This war would be so much easier if the squishy beings were binary. “Besides, even if he--” Poe’s rambling was interrupted by a soft sigh. BB moved as fast he could, getting a good look at the figure on the bed. Finn was slowly moving, and seemed to be blinking awake. Poe’s face lifted into a smile. “BeeBee! Go get the doctor!” He was on his feet, leaning over Finn, gently helping the former trooper. BB zipped off as fast as his motors could handle. His beeps couldn’t contain his happiness. ~ K-2SO walked into the medbay. The medbay was overflowing, so many hurt from the recent battles. Not just Scarif, but also what he guessed was being called the “Battle of Yavin”. Which was a stupid name. The battle didn’t take place on Yavin, it was by the Death Star. It should really be called “The Battle of Coordinates 17293729.39 by 10932973930.39893”. There were people waiting for bacta. The nurses and doctors and medical droids couldn’t work fast enough. The death toll was rising as well, as a count of all the unaccounted for pilots was being taken. Kayteu knew the list would be long, and only getting longer. The droid hoped that there was one name not on that list, one name that would never be on that list. The prospects were slim, though. He made his way to the bed where the Captain lay, motionless and bruised. Jyn was sitting by the bed, staring at Cassian. She didn’t even blink. Just stared at him. Kayteu sat across from her, looking at her, accusing. It was her fault that this happened to Cassian. That they had the battle in the first place. Her, and her father. “How long have you been here?” He asked. Jyn seemed to snap out of a trance, blinking and looking up at the droid. She was quiet for a while, seemingly not knowing how to respond. “… Ever since we arrived on base.” “Have you received medical aid yourself?” She nodded, looking back at Cassian. Kayteu examined her, the slight whirring of his motors filling the air along with the beeps of medbay. “You are supposed to give a report to Mothma the moment you have been seen by medical.” Kayteu supplied. There was an anger in his voice, despite him knowing that Jyn wouldn’t know this protocol. His way of testing her, he guessed. She seemed a little surprised. “O-oh. I’ll go soon, then.” Kayteu waited for more, but it never came. His circuits seemed to heat up a little. “Did you save him?” The droid asked. Jyn looked at him, as if she had to remember what happened only a day ago. “Yeah. I got him to the ship. He had just enough energy to put it in hyper.” Kayteu worked it over in his circuits. “Well, thank you, then.” They sat in silence for a while, watching the still man on the bed. Kayteu felt like he couldn’t compute something. He wanted Cassian to live, even though, logically, he would just be reassigned, and move on. But he felt so attached to the man who reprogrammed him. And here he was, sitting in medbay, waiting for him. “He has a 14.8% chance of a full recovery.” Kayteu said. He never liked silence. “If there’s a chance, then there’s hope,” Jyn said. She reached out and took Cassian’s hand in hers. Kayteu looked between the two, not hiding how surprised he was. “Jyn, do you like Cassian?” He sounded a bit offended at the situation, like she was infringing on his man. Jyn looked up at Kayteu and shrugged. “Of course I like him. He helped me escape the Empire.” “No, I mean romantic and or sexual attraction to him.” Jyn seemed to deflate, looking back at the man on the bed. Kayteu couldn’t read her expression. He could only place it as ‘conflicted’. “It’s more complicated than that, Kay.” He pulled back, tilting his head. She made no sense. “This doesn’t seem like a complicated issue. Either you like him or you don’t.” “I don’t want to talk about it here.” Jyn huffed at him. Her annoyance filled the room. “I-” Her words were interrupted by a soft moan. Both the human and the droid looked to the source of the sound. Cassian’s head fell to the side, and his eyes screwed shut at the light. “Jyn?” His voice was weak and scratchy, but his Fest accent still shone through. “I’m here, Cassian,” Jyn sprung to life, standing and gently shifting Cassian toward her voice. “I’m here.” Tears welled up in her eyes, Kayteu noted. “Kay, get the doctor or a medidroid or anyone .” For some reason Kayteu didn’t understand, he understood the desperation in her voice. He ran as fast as he could, nearly screaming for help. Chapter 2 : Protostar Summary: The droids are helpful and get some food. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) BeeBee was on a secret mission. Well, sort of. Poe was grounded for the time being, so there wasn’t any real mission to speak of. The battle had taken a toll on every member, even those not physically injured. Poe didn’t seem to really mind it, despite his nightmares. Being grounded meant they got more time to spend with Finn. The former trooper was bedridden, only getting up for short periods of time. He was given a private room in the medbay, where Poe and BeeBee spent most of their time now. Unfortunately, that meant the doctors monitored Finn pretty closely. Which is why BeeBee was on its current secret mission. It was having a little trouble. Poe sent BeeBee to sneak in a list of things the doctors wouldn’t like. Cookies, sweetcake, Koyo melon, and a can of Fizzade for Poe. This is where the trouble came in. Normally, BeeBee would just hide them in his body, but he didn’t want to shake up the carbonated beverage by rolling around. That meant he had to hold the can outside his body, and make sure it didn’t roll with him. But people would notice if was just rolling, holding a can of liquid. He certainly wasn’t going to drink it, it was a squishy being drink. It hid behind a corner, waiting for the perfect opportunity. A group of mechanics walked by, and BeeBee hid some more. Now was the chance to make its way down the hall and- “Going somewhere, BB-8?” BeeBee froze, little head spinning around. It beeped in surprise when it saw Leia behind him. She was dressed in a beautiful green dress, with her hair done up. Oh, that’s right, she was going to meet with the leaders of the remnants of the Republic today. <No…> it beeped. She moved and sat on the floor, next to the little droid. The action surprised BeeBee, who moved a little out of the way to let her sit. She gave it a smile, and BeeBee realized now they were both hidden behind the corner. “When did you start drinking Fizzade?” She asked, her voice low so they wouldn’t be heard. <It’s not for me. It’s for Poe.> BeeBee learned it shouldn’t lie to the General. She would always find out the truth. She smiled again. “Poe. How is my star pilot? I hardly see him these days.” <Good. Spending time with Finn, mostly.> Leia smirked at that, although BeeBee didn’t know why. Was this because of the ‘complicated’ feelings Poe had? BeeBee looked up at Leia, rocking back and forth. <Poe is happy when he’s around Finn.> Leia smiled. “Good. I’m glad.” <He smiles around Finn.> Leia thought for a second. “I guess he hasn’t been smiling all to much, recently.” BeeBee gave a sad beep. It was true; Poe wasn’t smiling as much. He smiled around Finn, though. And that’s what mattered. “How else does Poe act around Finn?” Leia asked. The question surprised BeeBee. Why was she interested? <Well, they talk a lot. And watch holos together. And sometimes they tell each other secrets.> The General raised an eyebrow. “Secrets?” <Yeah!> “How do you know they are secrets if you don’t hear them?” <Well, Poe whispers something in Finn’s ear, and then they both giggle. According to my information on squishy beings, that’s how you tell someone a secret!> Leia seemed to have a slight smile on her face. She turned and leaned back on the wall, seemingly lost in thought. “Good,” she commented. She had a wistful look on her face, like when she talked about her adventures fighting the Empire, or when she talked about Han. She stood up, smoothing out her dress. “Now, shall I help you sneak that drink into the medbay?” BeeBee gave a happy spin. The General was so nice. Leia lifted up her skirt. It was so puffy, BeeBee could easily hide under there without anyone noticing. It rolled along as Leia walked down the hall, being very careful not to make any noise or hit her leg. He only got out when she lifted her skirt again and winked at him. ~ Kayteu couldn’t believe he was being reduced to the errand boy. With every member of Rogue Squadron (including the new people, like that moisture boy) grounded until further notice, there was little for Kayteu to do within his normal duties. The physical and emotional strain the recent battles had caused left a heavy cloud on the Rebellion. Cassian hadn’t even mentioned the battle. He just wanted to know if the superweapon was destroyed, and then seemed to be in his own world. Kay’s master was bedridden. Of course he was. His ribs were just starting to heal. He was moved to a private room, but even that short walk exhausted him. Jyn had helped him move, and now she seemed to never leave his side. Even when the doctors came to check on him, she stayed by his side. Which is why Kayteu was being sent off as the errand droid. The doctors were being a bit more flexible with what they were allowing into the medbay. As long as they monitored it, food from the mess could be brought in. Cassian and Jyn gave him a list of things to get. Cookies, sweetcakes, and two cans of Fizzade. They even gave him a little basket to hold all the food in. He had the basket on his arm and held a can in each hand. Kay was walking back to the medbay when Mothma stopped him. “Kay, I wished to speak with you.” She was dressed in white, although not her Senatorial dress. She was being followed by a girl. Kay recognized her as Bail’s daughter. “Yes, General? Princess?” Mothma smiled. “This is Princess Leia Organa. She received the information you were able to transmit from Scarif.” “We just wanted to both thank you and Rogue One for your contributions,” Leia said. “We’re putting off the medal ceremony until all of the squadron can be in attendance. We want to present all of you with our highest honor.” Kayteu didn’t want to mention how a round chunk of metal meant nothing to him, but the gesture was nice, at least. “Thank you, Princess. I will tell Captain Andor.” “Are you bringing this to him?” Mothma asked. She motioned to the food he carried. Kayteu nodded. “He said he’s sick of the mush they serve in medbay.” Mothma seemed to think at that sentence, but Leia suppressed a chuckle. “Is Jyn with him?” “I believe so, yes. She hasn’t left his side since we returned from Scarif.” “What do you believe is the nature of their relationship?” Mothma asked. Leia seemed to become more serious at the question. Kayteu didn’t know how to react. “Well, they seem to be quite close. They take meals together, and Jyn only leaves to sleep.” “I see…” “They also seem to confide in each other. In what, I don’t know.” Mothma seemed to think this over, lost in thought. Kay couldn’t know what was on her mind, but he did notice how Leia raised an eyebrow at the whole thing. For someone so young, she seemed to have a good perception of the galaxy. “Very well. Please tell Captain Andor and Jyn about the ceremony. I’ll comm you if anything changes.” “Very well,” Kayteu repeated. “General. Princess.” He nodded in lieu of a farewell. The two women walked off, leaving Kay in front of the medbay. He looked down at the stuff in his arms, and back at the two. In a moment of pure fancy, he violently shook Jyn’s Fizzade before walking into the room. Notes: Kayteu is really fun to write Notes: Hey remember how I was writing a Kylux+Phasma fic and then I saw Rogue One and it took over my life hahah absolutely WILD