Home Rey has never been as happy, as safe, as cared for as she is on the small, jagged island that has become her home over the last few months. The sea gulls crying out in the morning while she meditates, the harsh rise and fall of the ocean as it crashes on the shores of Ahch-To, and the feel of the moist mountain grass always cushioning her feet, keeping her grounded, are a part of her life now. Something as necessary to her existence as breathing. Luke, once a legend she heard whispered over campfires while trading parts, has now not only become a real, live person, but her mentor. Her jedi master. And herself, once a lonely scavenger fighting to survive and yearning for a family, has now become a jedi apprentice. A member of the Resistance. And supposedly, the key to the only battle there is, the only battle there ever has been: between the dark side and the light (at least, that’s what she keeps being told). To say that it’s a lot of pressure, especially for someone who wanted nothing else but to live a small, hard earned life on Jakku until her family finally returned, is an understatement. Luke’s practice saber crashes against hers as she fiercely attacks, trying to keep up with his fluid, graceful moves. They’ve been training with wooden sticks for a while, Luke refusing to use real sabers until she learns how to stop relying solely on her survival skills and starts becoming one with the force. Of course, in her mind, this doesn’t make any kriffing sense. Was it just survival skills that got her out of Starkiller base in one piece? But she doesn’t dare complain to Luke...she knows their relationship is fragile in a way, and Luke is still wary of having a new apprentice. So she does her best to muster as much patience as she can, and try to wrap her brain around her master’s confusing instructions. Rey spins and the two wooden sticks meet again, the sound echoing through the mountainous island. After completing what seemed like a well thought out move, Rey realizes she’s left her top half open for attack, and quickly dives down, rolling across the grass before Luke can strike her. Despite her ferocity, Luke meets her at every turn, every attack, forcing her to lose precious ground until she’s almost at the edge of the cliff. When their sabers lock together, Rey can’t help but be transported to that snowy night when she fought what seemed like death itself. His words echo in her ear... You need a teacher. I can show you the ways of the force. It's almost as if he’s standing next to her now, whispering into her ear. It leaves her trembling and wondering if he could be in her mind now. Before shaking the memory away, she’s reminded of one more thing. Closing her eyes, she reaches out, feeling the Force surrounding her and every living thing on the island. She feels her soul intertwining with the light not only around her, but inside of her, and filling her with a strength that can’t be described with words. Suddenly she is flying, dancing through the field with grace and precision, her saber an extension of her very being. And then Luke’s saber is in her hands, and the battle is over. “Well done, Rey. This is what I’ve been trying to make you understand. Only with the Force can you truly fight with a lightsaber. I am very proud of you, my Padawan,” Luke says, patting her shoulder affectionately. “Thank you, Master Luke.” Rey beams, feeling a warmth inside of herself that she’s only ever felt since meeting Finn. Part of her knows he probably went easy on her, but that doesn’t diminish the pride and the exhilaration she feels at connecting with the Force. He can be infuriating, but he is one hell of a teacher , she thinks. Her thoughts are interrupted by the distinct sound of what could only be one ship landing. The Millennium Falcon. Rey turns to Luke, silently asking his permission to leave their practice and go to the south side of the island, where she knew the ship would be landing. He nods at her, chuckling under his breath at her obvious excitement. Without waiting a moment more, she sprints past him, unable to keep her joy under control. Running by their stone huts, she takes the ancient stairs three at a time, briefly reminded of the first time she climbed them, when she knew her destiny could lie with the man at the top. Rey reaches the end of the steps, and refusing to stop to take her breath, turns the corner to see the Falcon in all of its glory. The ship is just powering off, so she’s not too late to ambush them with a surprise hug. As soon as the door opens, and he gets out, Rey rushes at the former stormtrooper, the man who became her first friend and came back for her despite all the danger and consequences. “Well I missed you too,” Finn says jokingly, laughing into her hair and pulling her close. They reluctantly separate, still giddy as two reunited children. But then she turns around and- There he is. Somehow he is more handsome than ever, giving her that cocky grin she just can’t seem to get enough of. His eyes seem to radiate happiness and something else when he spots her, something that makes the very core of her tremble. Without any rational thought they’re wrapped around each other, kissing with a passion that seems uncontainable. Her hands are lost in his dark hair, roaming across his back, while his wrap around her waist and caress her cheek. Finally, when it seems they’ll be consumed by their kiss, he pulls back and they’re both left panting for air. Poe’s hand is still on her waist, keeping her close. “Hi, Ace.” She giggles at the affectionate nickname, feeling overwhelmingly like a schoolgirl. “Hi to you too.” While trading stories of recent missions and jedi training, the three make their way up the steps. The whole time, Rey can’t keep her eyes of Poe. His mouth. His hair. The way his carefree laughter seems to brighten even the darkest of places. And she can’t believe that after everything, she’s found someone like him. Someone who when it seemed no one else could, teared down everyone of her walls with a single kiss. When they make it back to Luke, Finn is halfway through telling her about a near death encounter with a Rancor. By the way Poe rolls his eyes, he’s probably exaggerating most of it, but Rey loves listening to his larger than life stories. The greetings with Luke are awkward, as they’re hard not to be with the last living Jedi. “Master Luke, sir, it’s umm...very good to see you again. Have you, uh, been working out?” Poe stutters, trying to retain his cool and confident self. Luke waits patiently for Poe to collect himself. He knows there’s some kind of request coming. Because when Poe attempts to flatter him, there’s always a request. “So, as you may know, it's Rey’s 20th birthday. A very, very important birthday, if you ask me,” Poe winks at Rey before continuing, “And I think that with all this jedi training, Rey deserves a little celebrating, don’t you think?” He remembered . Under all that smooth, sometimes annoying, confidence, Rey realizes there’s a hopeless romantic. How the hell did she, the stubborn survivor from Jakku, end up with a hopeless romantic? Before Luke can respond, Poe gives a couple last ditch attempts at persuasion, “It would only be for a day, and we wouldn’t stay out too late, and we would keep her safe, and we won’t go too far and-” “Poe,” Luke interrupts, “who am I to stop you kids from having a little fun? Go ahead, you probably need it.” Finn and Poe let out simultaneous sighs, and after a quick goodbye, start heading down to the Falcon to prepare for the trip. Rey always loves seeing the surprise on people’s faces when they realize Luke isn’t some grumpy old man. “Listen Rey, I want you to enjoy yourself, but do know that you’ll have to remain focused when you return, perhaps even more so than before. You’re training has just begun.” “I understand, Master,” she quickly says, a response that she’s said so many times it now comes without thought. She begins to turn away as he adds, “Happy birthday, Rey.” And Rey has a feeling that it’s going to be a very, very happy birthday. Chapter 2 : Paradise Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Rey steps inside the Falcon, it’s like returning to a childhood home...or at least what she thinks it would be like. There’s a sense of bitter sweetness of being back on the ship...it’s a reminder of Han Solo, the father she never had, and how his death still haunts her. But this is also the first place that ever made her feel like she belonged, and she thinks that Han wouldn’t want his death interfering with that. When Rey steps into the cockpit, itching to finally pilot the Falcon again, an amused smile creeps onto her face when she sees Poe in her seat, pretending to fiddle with a thruster. “Um, just what do you think you’re doing?” Rey feigns annoyance, but really she loves the endless affectionate banter between the two of them. “Piloting, as I am only the best pilot in all of the Resistance. At least that’s what everyone says…” Poe smirks, and Rey isn’t sure if she wants to slap him or snog him right then and there. “And I’m a Jedi Master,” she says sarcastically. Poe shrugs, and continues to play around with different pieces of equipment, completely ignoring her. And he knows full well just how annoying he’s being. Nerfherder . Rey changes her strategy, instead batting her eyes and sweetly saying, “Well, it is my birthday, and I heard that birthday nights can be extra special. Guess I was wrong.” Poe smiles at her, in a way that makes her feel like she’s the only girl in the world. He quickly jumps up and ushers her into the pilot seat. “Guess I had the wrong seat.” Then he leans in and hotly whispers into her ear, “Trust me, tonight will be special.” Blushing, Rey playfully elbows Poe, and he sits down in the copilot seat without taking his eyes of her. “So where to?” Rey starts powering up the navigational system, waiting for coordinates. “It’s a surprise,” a laughing voice says behind her. Finn stands at the entrance of the cockpit, amusement written all over his face. “While you lovebirds are...enjoying yourself, I’ll be taking a nap.” Once Finn has left, Rey turns to Poe and whispers, “I wonder how much he heard.” ------ If paradise existed, it would be right here on this planet. A tropical breeze runs through Rey’s hair, which falls in loose curls around her shoulders, free from her usual trio of buns. It pleasantly offsets the heat, while palm trees and colorful flowers greet her curious eyes at every turn. She can see a marketplace in the distance, the pleasant smells and sounds of trading and laughing filling her ears and making her mouth water. In front of her is a small forest of vibrant greens and reds and blues that obscure her view from other surprises Marawai might have in store. They’ve arrived just minutes ago, but Rey has already fallen in love with this small, colorful outer rim planet. “So what do you think?” Poe murmurs in her ear from beside her, gently tucking a flower into her hair. “I think that I have no clue how you’re going to get me to leave this place,” Rey says, smiling at Poe and relishing the way his embrace makes her feel. “And,” she shifts in his arms so she can look him in the eye, “I think I love you.” Suddenly she’s off of the ground, Poe spinning her in the air before finally dropping her back down again. He kisses her with fire, in a way that says I am yours and you are mine . Once they’ve separated, out of breath, Finn approaches with a backpack slung over his shoulders. “You guys good to go?” “Yeah,” they both say too quickly, still panting and on a high from their kiss. Finn rolls his eyes, muttering something under his breath about Poe’s pants. “Well, then, come on. The day’s just beginning.” Slinging an arm around Rey’s shoulder, he starts to set off towards the forest ahead, Poe following close behind. After a few moments of walking, the forest begins to thin out, opening up towards something she still can’t see. Birds lazily flit by, floating from plant to plant, making Rey wish she had wings. And suddenly the roar of an all too familiar sound fills her ears, and she’s standing in front of clear, sky-blue ocean that seems to go on forever. She turns to Poe, still in disbelief, jaw no doubt hanging open in awe. “You always said that you wanted to go to a real beach, see an ocean that makes you feel lazy and free all at the same time. Well,” Poe says, turning her back towards the beach, “there’s your ocean.” Before she knows it, she’s stripping off her jacket and boots, and heading towards the water without a second thought. It greets her with as much excitement, the warm current turning and twirling around her. Fine sand squishes between her toes, nothing like the harsh sands of Jakku. The ocean reminds her of the Force, the way it embraces her and, when it seems she might drown in it, always keeps her floating. Rey is happily lost in the moment until a spray of water flies into her face, temporarily blinding her and leaving a salty taste in her mouth. She whips around to see Finn, guilt written all over his face. He raises his hands innocently, knowing he’s started a battle he can’t win. As Rey starts splashing back, giggling as Finn dives underwater to protect himself, a blast of water hits her from behind. She arches an eyebrow at Poe, who now shares Finn’s guilty face. “Really?” Water and laughter is everywhere as Rey soaks both guys, maybe (definitely) using the Force to hit them with perfect precision. “Okay, okay, I surrender.” Poe puts up his hands defensively when Rey eyes him, not fully convinced. Sweetly, he comes up to her, putting his arms around her waist and leaving goosebumps everywhere he touches. And then Rey is up in the air, kicking and squealing, as Poe pulls her up and out of the ocean. Just as suddenly, he throws her back in. Now submerged in the tropical water, Rey swims back over to Poe, grabbing his feet and pulling him underwater with her. But when they both come up, breathless, laughter is replaced with passion as they share a brief kiss, unable to resist each other. There is something about the way drips of water roll over Poe’s defined stomach muscles that makes butterflies flutter in Rey’s stomach. For what seems like a lifetime, the three play in the water, overcome with friendship and love and happiness. In a way, it's the perfect moment. The perfect birthday. Eventually they return back to shore to change into dry clothes, and once Rey wrings out her hair and brushes it back into a ponytail, hunger sets in. The smells of the market are all too inviting, so without much thought, Rey, Finn, and Poe start walking towards the vibrant life ahead. Notes: Hey! Thought I would post one more chapter tonight since I'm so excited about this fanfic. I have almost eight chapters written, so let me know if you liked it and if I should keep writing. Btw, Kylo Ren will be coming into it very soon. Get ready for the angst ;) Chapter 3 : Enemy Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The market almost overwhelms Rey’s senses. The bustling people, loud bargaining, exotic foods and clothes, and on top of that, the exciting feel of Poe’s hands in hers, are almost too much to process. They stop by any and every stand, trying on bizarre hats and eating creatures that Rey had never even heard of. All the while, Poe keeps his eyes on her, always making sure she’s having fun and not being too intimidated by the business of the market. Rey drags Poe over to one stand selling bright sugary drinks in different neon colors. They look delicious and almost too ridiculous, exactly the way Rey likes them. After choosing a neon green drink in a sparkly cup, Poe pays for the two of them and leads her over to a bench in a less crowded area. Finn is already standing next to it, accompanied by an elegant woman, and Rey tries desperately not to laugh at his all too obvious (and awkward) attempts at smooth flirtation. After an inevitable slap spurred by a failed compliment Finn tried to give, one that...well, could be easily misunderstood, he joins them on the bench. “I still don’t understand. What did I do wrong?” Rey shakes her head at him and laughs. “Everything.” Beginning to sip on her drink, Rey feels the hint of something in her mind...something dark. A presence. One that she thought she had gotten rid of. It startles her out of her blissful happiness, but Rey continues to contribute to the conversation, chalking up the unpleasant feeling to a spoiled ingredient in her drink. “Yes, yes. I love this, trust me. You guys can drive me crazy, but you sure know how to celebrate.” Poe chuckles under his breath and then unexpectedly leans in close. Rey meets him halfway, pleasantly surprised by the sudden kiss. His hands tangle into hair and- Suddenly she hears that sound, the distinct crackle of a lightsaber that has haunted her dreams. It is accompanied by a shrill scream, and Rey feels fear seep into the air. Quickly, she breaks away from Poe and whips around to see him . Her enemy . Kylo Ren . He’s not wearing his mask, no doubt destroyed at Starkiller base, but his face still sends shivers down her spine. A thin, angry red scar extends from the left side of his forehead, across his nose, and down to his chin. It’s scary by itself, but a scarier thought is that she gave it to him. She had the ability to cause such damage. His hair, long and dark, messily flies around his face in the wind, and short and labored breaths are audible even from where she sits. His lightsaber, still burning as fiercely and undeniably red as on that snowy night, is ignited by his side. And that’s when she sees the destruction around him, several stands charred and broken into wooden shards with their possessions strewn across the floor and their owners fleeing. And when she realizes that black, consuming anger is coming from him, radiating from his Force signature in waves that make her feel sick to her stomach. It almost feels like jeal- “Rey, we got to go. Now!” Poe yells at her, jerking her back into her senses. He grabs her arm and pulls her, away from Kylo and away from the dark. As they sprint through the market, Rey glances behind her, seeing the glint of white helmets. A lot of them. Poe grabs her just in time to avoid a laser blast, and Rey thinks she hears a deep, enraged voice in the distance say something about not harming the girl. Finn runs beside them, his eyes darting around, watching out for incoming stormtroopers. “The First Order must’ve tracked us...but we were so careful. I-” “Finn,” Poe interrupts, “I need you to go get the Falcon. If we split up, we might be able to divert some of the calvary.” Finn glances at Rey, worry etched into his face. “But Rey-’ “I’ll keep her safe. I promise.” With one final nod, Finn sprints away from them and towards the awaiting ship. In the moment, Rey can’t help but wonder if that could be the last time she’ll ever see him. Poe leads her past fruit stands and confused sellers, and Rey feels like it's all happening in slow motion. She can feel him, in her head, calling out to her with the Force, and she shivers involuntarily. And she knows that this time, she can’t outrun him. Those dark eyes will follow her to the ends of the galaxy unless she faces him. Unless she finishes him. As Rey and Poe dive past another laser blast, one of few since the first, they are confronted with two stormtroopers, blocking their only escape path. In an instant, Rey has her lightsaber in her hands, ignited, and ready to fight. Poe on the other hand is unarmed, and with the overwhelming urge to protect him at all costs, she pushes him behind her, guarding both of them with the lightsaber. Rey strikes down the first stormtrooper before he can even raise his blaster, her saber a flash of deep blue clashing against the trooper’s stark, white armor. The second trooper proves more of a difficult fight, as she has to deflect several shots from his weapon before she can even get in an attack. However, aware of the ever closer presence of her pursuer, she takes him down quickly with two more clashes of her lightsaber. This time she grabs Poe’s hand and leads him away, his eyes still wide and proof of his shock at her skill as a fighter. She pulls him towards an empty alleyway, perhaps the only opportunity they have at losing Ren and the First Order. If Finn was piloting the Falcon now, and he spotted them, then they’d be home free. And maybe she wouldn’t have to face him. Maybe she could go back to Luke, back to her home , and stay perfectly ignorant to the danger she’s in a little longer. But then she hears the distinct thud of marching stormtroopers, and five appear at the end of the alley. It would take too long for her to fight them, and with Poe still without a weapon... Okay , Rey thinks. New plan . Poe still in hand, she turns around, and she’s greeted with an even worse sight. Kylo Ren, looming over her, blocking their exit out of the alleyway. His eyes darken at something, and Rey realizes he’s staring at her and Poe’s hands, still intertwined. The anger coming off of him is no longer in waves, but in a full fledged storm. With each step taken sending more panic through her body, he slowly and purposefully makes his way towards the pair. Poe suddenly throws her behind him, blocking her body with his own. “Stay away from her!” Idiot . Doesn’t he know he’s unarmed ? The deep timbre of Kylo’s voice cuts through the tension filled air. “When did you start needing other people to fight your battles?” He says it mockingly, in an almost childish way, but it still strikes a nerve. “I don’t.” Surprise takes over both Kylo and Poe’s faces at her small but strong voice as she steps in front of Poe, like they’d forgotten she was there. Igniting her lightsaber, Rey let's all other distractions fade, including Poe’s desperate protests, and focuses solely on Kylo. There’s something off about him...the walls are down, even in her access to his mind, letting his emotions run rampant. This she can exploit. Closing her eyes, she reaches out to the Force, letting it flow through her, filling her with serenity and strength. When she opens them again, Kylo’s eyes are boring into hers, a certain wonder in them, almost as if she’s a mystical creature he’s stumbled across and is afraid to disturb. For a moment, she wants to reach out to him, try to convince him to come home like Han did. But it's the thought of Han that reminds her that this man is a monster. He’s gone too far. So without a second thought, she charges, allowing the Force to guide her every movement. When their lightsabers clash for the first time, sending purple sparks flying, she feels exhilarated and powerful. Every attack she parries with grace, utilizing Luke’s lessons on balancing her ferocity with skill and precision. Kylo, on the other hand, is nothing like how she fought him last. He’s just as powerful, but his confident, calculated movements are now overshadowed by his anger. As they continue to battle, their steps becoming an almost rhythmic dance, Rey catches Poe in his own fight from the corner of her eye. Somehow he’s gotten a blaster, and he’s trying to hold off the five stormtroopers that blocked their way before. She wants to run to him, help him fight, but she knows, the Force tells her , that she can’t run away from her own problems. And, at least, Poe seems to have it covered. Eventually, exhaustion creeps into everyone of her muscles as the battle drags on. But she somehow still feels strong, and suddenly she’s gained the upper hand. Spinning and twisting and attacking, she forces Kylo back into the other end of the alley, where Poe is finishing off the last stormtrooper. Knowing that this now leaves Kylo outnumbered, and with her already having the upperhand, she allows herself to internally give a sigh of relief. It will be over soon. But then all of the sudden, he backs away, lowering his lightsaber and reaching out with his opposite hand. For a second, Rey is completely confused. Her eyes wander to where Kylo’s arm is reaching out to, and there's Poe, choking on an invisible force around his neck. Panic sets in, and it feels like it's her who’s choking. “Surrender or I kill him.” His voice is malicious, sharp enough to cut like a blade. Rey can’t think. She can’t breath. She extinguishes her lightsaber because it's the only thing she can do. She’s about to speak when a sudden, searing pain shoots through her leg, and she collapses on to the floor. It's like her entire world has become hurt. It's all she can feel. Stars dance in her eyes, and through the ringing in her ears she can just barely hear yelling. “....not harm the girl!” “Sorry, sir, I-” The sound of a lightsaber, and pure rage. “No one else touches the girl but me!” She’s weightless, floating, cradled by a darkness she wants to curl into. And then silence. Notes: So what do you guys think of Kylo Ren? I'm really excited to explore the relationship between him and Rey in the following chapters. Btw, I hoping to post a new chapter every couple of days, depending on schoolwork. But this is my first fanfic, so I'm a little new to all of this :) Chapter 4 : Dream Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe smiles at her from across the table, the cafeteria around them crowded with Resistance pilots and officers taking the rare opportunity to chat and laugh. Lunch time is always busy in the base on D’Qar, but there’s a certain buzz in the air. Then again, it could be how nervous she is, an inevitable feeling when she’s with Poe. He’s sitting across from her on the metal table, laughing at something she had just said, his mouth upturned in an openmouthed grin. And she finds herself staring, memorizing his every feature. Again. She can’t even remember when it started...maybe when he saved her life on Coruscant from a bounty hunter. Or when she barged into his room late one night, angry about something and prepared to speak her mind about it, only to be left speechless by a surprised and very shirtless Poe. What she does know is this feeling is kriffing annoying. The daydreaming, the blushing, the nervousness...It leaves her shaky and stuttering and everything but the strong, stubborn woman she’s been forced to become. Rey doesn’t (and won’t for that matter) rely on anyone, especially not cocky men with leather jackets. And it doesn’t matter anyway. He wouldn’t be interested in someone like her. Suddenly feeling oddly irritated at the thought, she leans over and grabs Poe’s chocolate dessert, immediately digging in without a glance at him. “Hey, what was that for?” Poe’s chuckling, somehow misunderstanding her clear annoyance for playfulness. Who does he think she is? One of those dainty, young officers, following him around like a lost droid? Ugh. Rey makes sure to add an extra layer of bitterness to her voice. “You eat too slow. You know there’s some people here who haven’t been playing perfect hero since they were born, and were instead starving on a junkyard planet without any family.” She’s breathing hard, barely holding herself to the seat against the instinct to jump up and run away. She doesn’t want these feelings. She doesn’t want him to have this kind of control over her. She just wants Poe to...do something. Push her away like everyone else in her life has. Her eyes remain glued to the metal table, refusing to see the hurt in Poe’s eyes. It’s his voice that finally makes her look up. “Have you ever flown an X-wing?” His face is soft and open, nothing like the smooth, confident Poe she knows, and nothing like she expected to see. “What?” Rey’s stupefied, reaching for words she can’t just seem to find. “Umm, well….uh, no.” “Well, come on then.” Suddenly he’s grabbing her arm, pulling her out of her seat and away from the table. What the hell does he think he’s doing? She’s about to yank her arm away from him, and snap something about the fact that he’s an arrogant prick, but something about the eagerness in his eyes makes her resist. They’re dark brown and have this sort of spark in them, the kind of eyes you could get lost in if you looked too long. She follows them all the way to the north hangar, feeling an inevitable, small smile creep onto her face at the determined pilots running back and forth, starting up the roaring engines of their ships. Poe places a too large helmet on her head, and it's odd how it makes her miss those quiet moments on Jakku, eating her small rations and pretending to be someone she thought she’d never be. A strong hand grips hers and pulls her up into the X-wing. The cockpit is small and stuffy, but she can picture how one could become attached to it. Poe starts settling into his seat in the front, running checks and preparing for take off like it's the most natural thing in the world. A crackly voice in her intercom breaks through the deafening roar of the fighter. “You ready for this, Ace?” “Ready.” After they finally land, Rey stays in her seat, staring at her shaking hands. She just did that. Every cell in her body is filled with excitement and exhilaration, and she feels completely and truly alive. Her eyes close and she pictures being back up in the air, feeling more powerful than she ever had in her life, soaring across a clear blue sky. When she climbs back down to the ground of the hanger, she’s swept up in all of it, still half-living in the experience she just had. And then she sees Poe, pulling off his helmet, shaking out his jet black hair. He’s turning around, turning to her, about to say something and then stopping himself. In that moment, it’s just the two of them. No bustling Resistance pilots. No wars or battles or the fate of the galaxy resting on their shoulders. No more walls holding back emotions begging to be let free. Her legs quickly carry her to him, and before she knows it, they’re kissing. Neither of them will ever know who kissed who. Perhaps they met each other halfway, like they always did, like they always would. His lips are soft and gentle on hers, but still passionate, and she responds in turn, parting her lips slightly. He caresses her cheek, a whisper of a touch, and tucks a stubborn piece of hair behind her ear. He tastes like warmth, freedom, home, and she wants this moment to last forever. Then suddenly they’re moving, bursting through the door to Poe’s room. And although every muscle in her body is screaming at her to run or to fight him, to not let him in, she finds herself relaxing in his embrace. Her fingers run through his hair, but its longer, shaggier now. His lips are still as soft, but somehow different...more powerful. She finds herself moaning into his mouth, overcome with need. His hands find her waist, pulling her close and making her feel small against his tall, muscular frame. This is not Poe. She jerks back, confused. Pitch black eyes meet hers. Kylo Ren. Rey wakes with a start, eyes blinded by a harsh overhead light. Everything is covered with a haze of pain, leaving her lightheaded and with the urge to drift back into the darkness. Tentatively stretching out her hands, she realizes she’s on a small cot. Four metal walls surround her, confining her, making her feel incredibly claustrophobic. The room around her is bare, besides one thing. Kylo Ren, the man she had been dreaming of. Notes: Duh, duh, duh...;) Sorry that this chapter is so short, but I've just kind of been going with the natural flow of the story, and I really wanted to show the history of Rey and Poe's relationship. Also, thanks to everyone for their lovely comments. It really means a lot! Chapter 5 : Monster Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Run, run, run , her body screams at her. Despite the protesting of her leg, Rey viciously thrashes against the restraints that tie down her wrists and ankles. Kylo only silently watches her from across the small room, making no move to stop her violent struggle, acting like she’s no threat at all. Oh, she wants to show him how wrong he is. But eventually, realizing the attempt is futile at best and self-damaging at worst, she stills, focusing on deep, calm breaths. Escape could wait. For now, she just wants to rest. “Why am I here?” Rey tries desperately to keep the fear out of her voice, but it comes out as a pathetically hoarse whisper. “You’re injured,” Ren states simply, keeping his face bare of any emotions. “Yeah, I know,” Rey mutters under her breath. She shifts her body to try to get a better look at him, and a shock of pain ripples through her. Grimacing, she clears her throat, and with it hopefully any trace of her discomfort and weakness. “But why am I here ? What do you want with me?” She pauses, and attempts to reach out to him through the Force, read his thoughts. Nothing. She’s scared and pissed, so she does the one thing she knows how to do: lash out. “You must be desperate, trying to find Master Luke,” Rey makes sure to emphasize her connection with him, “but I’m not telling you anything. Guess you’ll have to keep disappointing Snoke.” It's a risky move, trying to agitate Kylo until he slips up, but it feels good to spit the words at him. The tension in the air is almost palpable. When he finally speaks, his voice is strained. “That man is no master. He will disappoint you.” Like he disappointed me she hears him whisper in her head. “And you would’ve been a better one?” She snaps back, remembering his oddly desperate offer on Starkiller base to be her teacher. He could’ve killed her as her body had dangled helplessly over the edge of the cliff, but instead he has wanted to help her. The memory haunts Rey, and she wonders if it haunts him too. There is a silence between them, deep and impenetrable. Neither of them moves a muscle, and Rey can hear a soft mechanical whur, perhaps that of a ship. Deciding to take advantage of the quiet moment, Rey studies Ren. He’s a completely different person than she encountered on Marawai. He’s stoic, calm, more statue than man, and it's making her feel uncomfortable...like she’s being scrutinized by a machine. But she can’t help but stare at the sprinkle of moles on his nose and cheeks. She noticed them the first time she was held captive by the First Order, and for some odd reason, that small detail on his face made him more human in her eyes. In that interrogation room, she could almost see traces of a lost, lonely boy under all that darkness. Looking at him now, though, she knows Kylo has crushed that part of him. Or perhaps it died when Han did. She also can’t help but think of the dream, how her mind could come up with such a peverse thing as her...with him. And then she realizes. “How did you get into my head?” Rey feels betrayed, violated. Invading her mind is one thing, but twisting a memory of Poe like that...it makes her sick to her stomach. But what did she expect from a monster? “Protecting your mind. Yet another thing Luke,” he snarls the name, “has failed at teaching you.” But I stopped you before, on Starkiller Base...I pushed back. “That was before the Force bond.” “The Force bond,” Rey whispers in confusion. What the hell was he talking about? But that's when Rey realizes Ren just answered a thought she never said aloud. Ren sighs heavily, almost with disappointment. Like she’s disappointed him. In the process, a few strands of dark hair fall in front of his eyes. “Haven’t you felt it? We’re connected by the Force. We have been since we fought on Starkiller Base.” “When I beat you on Starkiller Base,” Rey mumbles under her breath, unable to help herself. “And look where that got you.” His voice is vicious, making her feel small and weak. “You’re injured. Here. With me.” He gets up from his chair, beginning to slowly circle her like a predator stalking his prey. “All alone...no Rebel scum to protect you. And soon...you’ll be delivered to my master.” No, no, no . This can’t be happening. A shiver runs down her spine at coming face to face with Snoke. Rey knows she’s strong...but strong enough to withstand the man that brought the galaxy to it’s knees? She finds herself shaking her hand involuntarily, blinking back tears as she silently pleads with Kylo. No . Ren’s face softens, but only for a second. And then the callous, unfeeling facade is back. “He will not kill you.” Rey is barely listening to him. She’s gone cold all over, her hands trembling. Whether it's from the pain in her leg or sheer fear, she can’t tell. His hushed voice makes her jerk back into reality. “I’ll make sure of it.” He’s not looking at her, like he’s off in his own world as well. He finally glances over at her small, shaking form. A flash of worry take over his features, and she can feel his presence in her mind, which she now recognizes as their Force bond (if what he said is true). She knows her mind is screaming one thing: COLD. “Damn stormtroopers don’t understand temperature,” Ren says to himself, then starting to head out the door, he turns around to face her. “I’ll get you a blanket.” For a moment she’s left alone, cold and confused, and pondering the odd interaction they just had. When he returns with a black, wool blanket, which he gently drapes over, she can’t help but blurt it out. “Why do you care so much about my safety? Why would you care if I lived or died?” She searches his face, but it remains blank, void of emotion. He continues to adjust the blanket around her, not showing any sign that he even heard Rey. Seemingly satisfied with the blanket, he finally speaks, “Tomorrow I will take you to Snoke, regardless of your condition.” He nods curtly, as if trying to convince himself. He begins to walk away, when for some inexplicable reason, Rey reaches out and catches his wrist as it brushes by. Her small fingers can barely fit around it, and through her thumb she can feel his racing pulse. The nervous presence in her head says you are not supposed to do this . But she keeps her hand gripped tightly, and she looks up at his face, with wide, desperate eyes. “Please,” she whispers hoarsely, “please.” For a second, it seems like he’s conflicted, that he’s actually considering her pleas. But then it tumbles out of her mouth in a moment of weakness. In a moment of hope. “Ben.” He snatches his wrist away, briskly exiting the room without a second glance. And she’s alone again. ------------- It's impossible to tell the passage of time in the small, metal room. It feels like Rey has been lying there for weeks, months, but she knows it can’t be more than five or six hours. She knows that every second brings her closer to her fate, closer to Snoke. But the helplessness is killing her. She’s a scavenger, raised by an unforgiving desert and taught to work herself to the bone. Sitting here, doing absolutely nothing and having no control over her survival is like some sick sort of punishment. Every once in awhile, Rey feels herself drifting to sleep, her heavy eyelids drooping closed. But sleep would leave her vulnerable, would leave her mind open for Ren to invade again. So she makes sleep her enemy, and she fights it off with a vigor, since it’s the only thing she can do. It at least gives her some kind of purpose. Eventually, though, her exhaustion catches up to her, and before she can protest, she feels herself slipping into the darkness. She dreams of an ocean, grey and stormy, whose waves seem to touch the sky. She dreams of an island. Notes: Hey, my lovely Reylos! And so the tension finally begins...I outlined around half of the story today, and it only gets more exciting from here :) Btw, thanks for all the feedback. I'm loving how supportive the fanfiction community is, especially for young writers. Chapter 6 : Mask Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) A gentle shake sends her eyes flying open, her mind still lost in her surprisingly pleasant dream. It takes a moment for the world to come back into focus, and when it does, Rey nearly screams. A metal monster is leaned in close to her, its face gleaming in the harsh light. Rey tries to jerk away, but the restraints are too tight. That’s when she realizes she knows that face, more accurately, that mask. Her heartbeat slows, but only slightly. Kylo Ren. She remembers being in the dense forest of Takodana, desperately trying to escape what she could only describe as a creature. He had stalked her, came in for the kill the way an animal would. But then he had taken off the mask, revealing the strangely handsome face behind it. She remembered thinking, but why would such a man hide behind a mask? There was no ugly burn marks or scars or rotting flesh. Just a perfectly normal, possibly even attractive face. She hadn’t seen the mask again since, nor thought about that question. But it’s in this moment that she understands. By looking like a monster, he was forced to become it. And last night, she had made him feel human...he needed the mask to be the monster again. As Kylo begins untying her restraints, it unnerves her to not know what he’s thinking. Now armed with the knowledge of the Force bond, she tries to use their connection like he did. It’s completely different from trying to invade his mind: as opposed to knocking down all his walls with sheer will and the Force, it’s like there is a small, fragile bridge between their minds. It could be easily overlooked, but now Rey knows it’s there. Slowly, she crosses the bridge in her head, trying not to tip off Ren to her presence. But when it seems she’s getting somewhere, her access to him is suddenly cut off, the bridge disappearing. So there is a way to control this bond and protect herself from Ren. She just doesn’t know how yet. Kylo finishes removing the restraint on her left ankle, not acknowledging what just happened. Was it not him who cut off their connection? Silence stretches between them as he slowly rises to his full height, looming over her. Finally, he speaks. “Come.” The deep, mechanical voice makes her shiver. “Aren’t you worried I’ll escape?” Rey glances down at her now free hands and feet. “That won’t happen again.” Arrogant bastard . If he’s going to keep underestimating her, then he will just keep getting surprised by her strength. Rey can’t wait until the next time she kicks his ass. She still hasn’t moved yet, but when she senses Kylo’s impatience, she begins shifting herself into a sitting position. So far, it’s not so bad. There’s a dull ache from her leg, but Rey’s dealt with worse before. Maybe that ass-kicking will be sooner than she thought. Her legs dangle from the edge of the cot, and she takes a deep breath. Slowly, she lowers one bare foot, and then the other. The ground is cold and hard, just like everything else surrounding her. She uses her hands to push up into a standing position, and although she feels a little dizzy from the movement, Rey figures she’ll be fine. Its when she takes her first step that it all goes to hell. In what is probably a combination of her injury, exhaustion, and time spent cooped up on the cot, her legs give out underneath her. She’s falling to the floor, just like she did when the stormtrooper shot her, but this time Kylo steps forward, like he’s going to reach out and catch her. But then he stops and watches her collapse. Hitting the ground hard, tears prickle in Rey’s eyes and she furiously blinks them away. She feels weak and foolish in front of him, and she hates it. She hates him. Fueled by her rage, she manages to get back up with the help of the cot. When Kylo suddenly grabs her arm, stabilizing her as she attempts another step, she viciously snatches it away. To fully get across her message, she shoots him a look of utter disgust. Rey doesn’t need anyone’s help, including his. Especially when he's picking and choosing when it suits him to give it. As she carefully makes her way towards him, she uses the Force to keep herself upright and balanced. Once seemingly satisfied with her progress, Kylo turns around and heads out. For a moment, she is hesitant to leave the room. Inside, she was guaranteed safety, as uncomfortable as it was. Outside...she doesn’t know. Glancing at her small cot one last time, she follows Ren's billowing cape out the doorway. It’s hard to keep up with his long strides on her shaky legs as they enter a seemingly endless hallway with a shiny black floor. It's dark, and it takes Rey’s eyes a moment to adjust. In the distance she hears echoes of commands over an intercom, and the sound of tie fighters taking off. It’s overwhelming after sitting in her own silence for so long, and the sudden sound of marching from her left startles her. Rey jerks away from the noise and stumbles right into the hard white armor of a stormtrooper. Panic rushes through her as the stormtrooper raises his blaster and shouts, “Don’t move!” Shit . She really doesn’t want to get shot again. But then Rey blinks, and Kylo is in front of her, shielding her small body with his own. “Stand. Down.” There’s clear restraint his voice, but both her and the stormtrooper know that at any moment he could be tipped over the edge. She notices Kylo’s hand hovering over the hilt of his lightsaber, ready to strike. The stormtrooper quickly nods and flees the scene, leaving her and a seething Kylo Ren. This time, when he grips her arm, so hard she already feels bruises forming, she doesn’t immediately pull away. Black anger seeps through whatever wall Ren built in their connection, so it’s definitely in her best interest to not piss him off right now. “Thank you,” she reluctantly mumbles. But I could have handled that , she thinks smugly to herself. And gotten yourself killed. Or shot. Again , she hears Ren say in her head. Tired of his bullshit, Rey sighs in defeat. “Whatever.” The hand on her arm pulls her forward, keeping her moving towards a large hangar whose walls seem to stretch up forever. As they walk, she can’t help but notice that everytime a stormtrooper passes by them, his fingers tense, keeping her grounded at her place by his side. Eventually they reach a jet black, medium sized shuttle. Its impressive wings point straight towards the ceiling of the hangar. It seems vaguely familiar...perhaps she saw it on Takodana? When she’s lead aboard by Kylo, she’s surprised to see it empty besides the two of them. “I will personally be delivering you to Snoke.” This is the only good thing to come out of Kylo’s mouth all day. It would just be the two of them, no stormtroopers or blasters, for however long it took to reach their destination. It would be difficult, but Rey knows she can take him down given the right opportunity. This means she might actually have a chance at escaping him and getting back to Poe. Poe...he must be so worried right now, and knowing his headstrong nature, it’s only a matter of time before he gets into trouble trying to find her. What about if he’s already been captured by the First Order? What if he gets himself into some kind of mess and she’s not there to save him? Rey is pulled out of her thoughts by something cool and smooth encasing her wrists. She glances down, only to see that Ren has handcuffed her to a pole. She yanks against the cuffs frantically, not ready to lose her freedom when she’s only just gained it. “What the hell?” She yells at him, her fear and anger catching up to her. “You,” she snarls, “you said I couldn’t escape anyway. Why restrain me now?” He ignores her cries, instead firmly pushing her down onto a hard slab of concrete, a sad excuse for a bench. “You will remain respectful and calm,” he says, glancing at her form, which is quivering with anger, “when I bring you to Snoke. For now, you will sit here, and you won’t try anything. That is, if you want to remain alive.” Rey is flabbergasted. For the last day, all he’s done is keep her safe, and now he’s threatening to kill her? Although part of her knows that logically this is an empty threat, for some reason she can’t possibly fathom, she feels betrayed. As Ren starts walking away from her, towards the cockpit, she yells after him, “You don’t need the mask. You’re already a monster!” His dark figure freezes, and for a moment, she thinks he’s going to turn around, destroy her in a flash of red and crackling heat. But then he’s moving again, disappearing from her sight. Rey curls up on the bench, her anger giving out to fear and sadness. She misses Poe and Luke and Finn. She misses the jagged rocks of Ahch-To and the blue milk Luke always serves in the morning. She wants to go home. Overcome with emotions, Rey allows herself to finally feel it all. Hugging her knees close, she finally lets herself cry. Notes: Hey! So what so you think of Kylo threatening Rey...he clearly cares about her, right? ;) The next couple of chapters are really exciting (lots of actions and lots of adorable Reylo—the best combination ever), so I can't wait to post them. But its getting harder to keep up with writing them, so I might start posting chapters farther apart. Anyways, thanks for reading! You guys are the best♥ Chapter 7 : Explosion Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The next few hours are silent and solemn, Ren coming out of the cockpit every once in awhile to check on her. Everytime, she refuses to look at him, deciding that if he can ignore her, then she can too. It’s became a sort of game of wills. His constant hovering dares her to face him, while her ignorance forces him to walk away. Rey wants to yell at him, scream out every emotion, but there’s more satisfaction in giving him the silent treatment, something that he wouldn’t expect from her. When she finally feels him head back to the cockpit, she returns back to the only thing keeping her sane. Escape. Rey’s used everything she can find to try to pick the lock surrounding her right wrist. Currently using a rusty nail, she feels the lock starting to give, and then the top half of the nail breaks off. Heartbroken, Rey screams in frustration and chucks the useless piece of steel across the floor. For what must be the hundredth time today, she feels the urge to give up. And this time, she’s done fighting it. All of the sudden, she hears Luke’s words in her ear, like the Force is whispering them. “ Rey, to beat your enemy, you can not simply rely on your survival skills. You are a scavenger by nature, but a jedi at heart.” He had gently laid a hand on her shoulder before continuing. “My padawan, you must realize that you are not alone. You’re family may have abandoned you on Jakku so many years ago, but the Force never will. And neither will I.” Rey touches the handcuff, the smooth metal cool under her skin. She closes her eyes, and the Force is all around her, flowing through her. She focuses her mind, seeing the lock inside her head and imagining it bending to her will. She’s just about to release herself, the taste of freedom on her tongue, when the whole ship violently shudders and she’s thrown against the wall. Her ears ring, echoes of the explosion still rippling through her body. The lights above her crumpled form flicker and then go off entirely, leaving nothing but the shrill sound of warnings from the ship. Something slick and wet slowly trails down her forehead, and her hand instinctively goes to her face. The unmistakable stickiness of blood coats her fingers, and when the lights suddenly come back on, the splotch of red on her hands confirms it. What the hell was that? Had they hit a meteor? By the time a second explosion jerks the ship to the right, Rey is back on her feet, frantically trying to reconnect with the Force and finish unlocking the cuffs. As soon as she hears the click of the lock freeing, the restraints falling from her wrist with a clang, she is sprinting toward the cockpit. But then she stops, something catching her eye. A single escape pod sits to her left, just waiting for her to hop in and be free of all her problems. But it’s not that simple. If she takes the pod, leaving Kylo Ren on this dying shuttle, she could be condemning him to death. She hates him, yes, but intentionally leaving him to die doesn’t feel right...And she has no clue where they are in the galaxy or if the pod has been damaged during the explosions. The choice is easy. She needs to get to the cockpit and save both of their asses. The door is jammed when she reaches it, and after trying the handle once more, she doesn’t waste another second. Knowing the pain it will cause her, Rey bites down on her lip, and then kicks down the door. It leaves her leg screaming with agony, but the door gives, and she burst through the cockpit. “What the hell is going on?!” She yells at Ren, only to find that he’s hunched over a mic, talking to someone. And then her eyes drift upperward to the cockpit’s window, only to find the Millenium Falcon staring them down. She nearly flings herself at the glass when she sees Poe’s smirking face in the pilot’s seat, Finn and Chewie next to him. He’s alive. He’s alive. He’s here. She hears Poe’s crackly voice over the intercom. “You’ve got nowhere to run, Ren. Just release her and we’ll...Rey?” He’s staring at her, disbelief and hope and longing in his eyes. Finn and Chewie simultaneously follow his gaze, a huge smile plastering the former’s face and the latter letting out a roar of joy. Kylo obviously hasn’t noticed her until now either, as he whips around to face her. For a second, the two stare each other down, his mask shrouded in shadows and her face illuminated by the light of the Falcon. “Ace, listen to me, it’s going to be okay,” Poe says, his voice dragging her back to reality and causing a sob of relief to wrack through her body. Her hand presses against the glass, the only barrier between them, and her head bobs up and down, conveying all her thoughts in a single nod. Then Poe’s eyes land on Kylo again, and he takes on a more serious tone. “Ren, your ship has been disabled. If you hand over Rey, unharmed, I might not kill you.” But Kylo is completely ignoring him, instead preparing the ship for lightspeed. Wait...lightspeed? “Have you lost your mind? You’ll kill us,” Rey cries as soon as she realizes what he’s doing, “This ship...it can’t survive hyperspace!” She carelessly lunges at him, too panicked to think first, and is instantly frozen in place. Usually, she could fight back and regain control of her mind from Kylo, but the pain coming from both her leg and her head makes it impossible. “Give her up, now,” Poe says over the intercom. Rey tries to shout, to warn Poe of what’s going on, but it comes out as a strangled scream. Both of them are silenced when Ren finally speaks. “That’s not going to happen.” The finality in his voice sends shivers down Rey’s spine. He doesn’t care if he kills them. “Rey, what’s going on? If you so much as touch a hair on her-” Poe is suddenly cut off, and she looks down to see that Kylo has turned off all communications. As he reaches up and pulls the lever that will send them hurtling through hyperspace, dread fills her very being. She’s going to die on this ship, just because he is too stubborn to give up his “prize.” Her eyes take in the trio in the Falcon, burning every detail into her mind, this probably being the last time she’ll ever see them. As their faces are replaced with the distinct bright blue of hyperspace, she sends an I love you into the galaxy and hopes that Poe somehow hears it. The once agile ship has now lost all stability, clumsily racing through the flashing tunnel at lightspeed. It feels like the shuttle is being ripped apart from the inside out, and Rey is violently thrown into the copilot seat. She’s not sure if it's by Kylo or the shockwaves coming from where the left engine use to be. She quickly seat belts herself in, almost laughing at the incredibly insignificant protection it provides. Suddenly, they’re chucked out of hyperspace, and a clear blue sky and barren yellow sands fill up the window. But they’re too close, and Kylo is trying to pull up, trying to save them. No matter how hard he pulls on the thrusters or how loud he yells, though, the ship refuses to listen to him. It’s on a one way path to the ground and there’s nothing they can do it about now. She thinks it’s right, in a way, that the desert is what gave her life and is now what’s going to take it away from her. As the desert and their fate close in, Rey thinks she hear a voice in her head. I’m sorry . And then the ship is spinning, crumpling, colliding with the ground in an explosion of heat and fire. Notes: So what do you guys think? I love ending chapters on cliffhangers, so expect many more to come. Also, from now on, my chapters get longer (I've just kind of been using the natural breaks in the story, since I'm pretty new to this) so I'll probably have to start posting less often in order to keep up with my writing :(