The annoying buzzer on her alarm startled her awake in the morning, just to be amplified by two once her roommate’s buzzed just as annoyingly. Through the thin walls she could hear the room next to her buzzing, and the room across as well. Alyah groaned as she rose out of bed and got her maids uniform on to start the day. Her roommate and friend followed suit as they walked out together to meet the other maids to see their cleaning assignments. “Morning Alyah, morning Pez. Ready for the day?” Their flamboyantly homosexual neighbor Marc asked them. “Oh yeah, super ready to clean up after inconsiderate Storm Troopers!” Pez said to their friend as they looked at the screen with assignments. “Ugh, great. I have the training facilities restroom.” she groaned. Alyah looked for her name when Marc gasped in surprise. “Commander Ren’s private quarters. Are you kriffing serious?” Marc said. “Since when does Ren want us to go in his private quarters?” Alyah asked. Another maid from the side piped up hearing Alyah’s question. “When I was cleaning Hux’s quarters yesterday, he and Ren were arguing with Phasma about the state of his quarters. Aparently our great Lord Commander doesn’t do a good job at keeping everything orderly. Ugh, I wish I was you, Marc. Maybe you’ll see him without his mask.” the other girl, Loui, said to him. Marc did another groan as he walked away and Alyah proceeded to find herself on the list, finding herself under Captain Phasma’s quarters. “At least Phasma is easy to cooperate with.” she said to herself as she picked up her cleaning caddy and got ready to head upstairs. Pez got off at the training floor whilst Marc and Alyah walked together to the top floor where the important people were all housed. “I’d rather have to deal with Stormtroopers calling me a fag than have to walk into this quarters.” Marc said to her. Alyah held back a laugh. “Just pray that he isn’t there and if he is don’t speak to him unless he speaks to you first and don’t look him in the mask.” Alyah said to her friend. Truth be told, she was scared for Marc. Commander Ren isn’t exactly the friendliest looking person and he scares the kriff out of her. When maids are not on duty they are to stay on the lowest of the floors in the base, but word travels fast of Ren’s anger issues and how he’s quick to force-choke Stormtroopers for just even thinking something wrong. Alyah is thankful she was not assigned to that, but also fearful for her friend. The two reached Ren’s quarters and Marc stopped outside the door. “Say a prayer for me.” “You’ll be fine you wuss.” Alyah said, walking away. “Says the girl who isn’t afraid of anything!” “Not true! He terries me!” she said, knocking on Phasma’s door. Within the seconds she finished knocking, Phasma sans helmet opened the door. “Hello Maid Alyah. Please come in.” she said to her. Out of uniform and off duty, Phasma was a great conversationalist and she tended to help Alyah do some of the cleaning. She was easy to cooperate with when off duty. “There is not much to be done today, only a little stain in the carpets from when Ren was in here yesterday.” “Lost his temper?” Alyah asked her casually. Phasma simply nodded as Alyah went down onto the floor and started to scrub away at the stain with items from her caddy. Phasma went on to get ready for her day and Alyah kept scrubbing. She kept thinking to herself how Marc was doing one room over from her and kept praying that Commander Ren wasn’t in his quarters for Marc’s sake. She finished quickly, getting almost the entirety of the stain out, before Phasma dismissed her. She thanked her and left quickly, practically freezing in her steps once she left, seeing Commander Ren coming out of his quarters. They exchanged glances for a second, Alyah giving a faint nod before he broke their staring contest and sulked away quickly down the hall. Alyah realized then and there that he probably heard the conversation between Marc and her before they started working. Alyah felt her breath finally release from her lungs as she stood in the hallway for a mere moment to give him time to get down the hall before she decided she was going to go the same way to get back to the maid’s quarters. When she got to the elevator he was no where in sight and breathed a sigh of relief as she got in, going to the maids quarters and putting her caddy back in her station. “Wow, you’re back early.” Loui said to her. Alyah shrugged. She didn’t have a particular like or dislike to the girl, she just annoyed her with her constant questions and her infatuation for Commander Ren. “Well, Hux said he didn’t even need me today. So I’ve just been down here. Marc is still so lucky. I wish I had his quarters to clean.” “I saw him when I was leaving Phasma’s quarters.” Alyah said casually, praying that the girl would leave her alone. Bringing Ren up probably wasn’t her best idea. “You what? What happened? What was he like?” Loui asked her. “Listen, it was terrifying. He terrifies me, and I’m not afraid of much. I was leaving Phasma’s quarters and he was exiting his and he stared at me and I gave him a nod cause that’s just about all I could think of doing, and then he stopped staring and walked away. Not so glamorous. If you excuse me Loui, I need to go to my room.” Alyah said, excusing herself from the girl and almost running to her room. Pez and Marc were already there to her surprise. “Alyah, it was terrible. He heard everything we said, and he made sure I knew it. Then he proceeded to control me with the force while I cleaned. It was terrible. I didn’t even get to see him without the mask.” Marc explained to them. “I mean, I saw him in the hall but he didn’t do or say anything to me.” Alyah said to the group. “Well honey I mean, look at you. Ass and boobs. All you need to attract any man, thats saying if he’s a man at all.” Marc said to her. “Can we move on from talking about our creepy Commander? It’s Friday night, where are we going?” Pez asked them. Alyah shrugged her shoulders as Marc immediately spoke up with an idea. “A club. A lounge. Anything where I can drink to forget this entire experience.” Marc said to the group. Alyah held back a laugh at her friend’s dramatic tone. Marc could be a little overly dramatic at most points, and clearly today was one of the points. “Well lucky for you I heard some Stormtroopers talking about this club called Rage on my way back down here. It’s new and apparently there is a variety of people that go, so it won’t be just Stormtroopers. We can check that out?” Pez said to them. “Sounds okay to me. We should book a hotel to stay in so we don’t stumble in here at 3 in the morning drunk.” Alyah said to the two of them. “Good idea. You guys handle all that, and I’m going to pick my outfits for the weekend.” Marc said. Alyah was about to shout at him to stay and help but he was already gone. “That boy is something else.” Pez said to her. Alyah nodded in agreement, going online on her data pad to see if there was anywhere they could stay. It was going to be a fun weekend. —— Hours had passed and Alyah was now checking in to the hotel. She had found something nice but pricey and the three had agreed to split the cost three ways. She got the room keys from the desk person and the three went up to see their three-day vacation suite style room. “Holy moly, this is nice!” Marc said excitedly as he ran into one of the rooms to throw his stuff down. “We’re living in the lap of luxury for a weekend ladies!” The two girls rolled their eyes at him as they each went into a separate room and got ready for their night. Alyah had opted to wear a faux-leather high-waisted pair of black shorts with a red crop-top and combat boots. She let her hair fall straight down and barely put make up on, since she knew she would just sweat it all off anyway while dancing and drinking. She knew that out of both her friends she was the one that was dressed most conservative and that they would both most likely complain to her about it, but she didn’t care. It wasn’t her style to dress provocatively and go out to get men, she just liked to go out to drink and have fun. “Let’s go ladies! By the time we get there all the good men will be taken!” Marc shouted to the girls. Alyah gave herself a once-over before leaving her room and finding her two friends waiting for her outside. “Really Aly? That’s what you’re wearing?” “Shut the hell up and get out the door.” Alyah said to him, taking the lead and leaving them behind. Once they got in the elevator Pez spoke up the group. “We make our pact now. No one sleeps with a guy or comes back with one, are we clear?” she said. “You’re ruining the fun.” Marc said. Both girls gave a pointed glare to their friend as he sighed. “But fine. I make no promises about the other things I can do to a man.” “Sometimes Marc it’s better to not say anything at all.” Pez said back to him as they stepped out of the elevator and walked around the block to the club. It was packed on the outside, you couldn’t tell who was a Stormtrooper and who wasn’t. Everybody was out of uniform and piling into the club. Alyah was thankful she only brought her keycard for the hotel and a little bit of money because checking a bag would be a nightmare for her. “To the bar!” Marc said, dragging both girls through the crowd to the semi-full bar. “Three twisted shots as strong as you can get for me and the ladies.” he said to the bartender. He gave Marc a nod as he turned around and Alyah let out a laugh. “You make it sound like we’re your hookers.” Alyah said. “Have to make the other gays jealous first, my love. Now will you please, for the love of god, let lose? Make out with a stranger! Sleep with someone in the closet! Strip!” Marc said to her. “I’m here to drink and dance. That’s it.” “Sure honey. You’re going to be the first one of us in the night to break the pact.” “No I’m not!” She bickered back to him. “Yes, you are. Tall, dark and handsome in the corner over there has been eyeing you since you walked in.” Marc said to her. She went to turn around before he stopped her. “Don’t just turn around! You have to be discrete!” “How the fuck am I going to be discrete if I can’t turn around to see if he’s hot?!” Alyah said to her friend as their shots got delivered. Without hesitation Alyah took hers and downed it before the other two did. “What’s he look like?” Expecting Marc to answer she braced herself for over exaggeration, but Pez beat him to it. “Looks pretty tall, maybe about six feet. Black curly hair, a little long but still looks good. Totally your type, he’s hot. If you don’t snag him I will.” Pez said. “You need to get his attention. We need to dance. You need to shake your ass.” Marc said to her. “I need a few more shots to do that.” “No need. He’s coming over here.” Pez said. “WHAT?!” Alyah said, downing another shot that appeared on the table. Sure enough she felt a presence in the seat next to her order a drink. “I see man candy over there. Pez, you’re my wing-woman.” Marc said, dragging Pez away from the bar and into the crowd of people. “More shots?” the bartender asked. “The strongest shit you’ve got.” she replied. She heard a chuckle from the seat next to her and decided to turn and look. Shit, Pez was right. He’s hot. “Seems like you’re in for a night.” He said to her. “My friend had a bad day and he gets to be a bit much when he’s stressed. So yeah, I need this.” She said to him. Alyah was not the best socialist. She turned very awkward when she came across people most days and with men and flirting, she was totally useless. Who ever this guy was, Alyah could safely admit that he was attractive. She remembered that Marc said to let lose and she wanted to with this guy. There goes the pact. “What do you do in the base?” he asked her. Smalltalk, she despised it. She played along for the sake of conversation. Plus she had no clue were Marc and Pez went so he was her only source of entertainment. “I’m a maid. My friends are too. Assignments are random but nine out of ten times I clean up for Captain Phasma. My friend cleaned for Commander Ren today, thus why we’re here drinking our lives away.” she said to him. Bringing in Marc’s experience with the Commander might not have been a good idea, but she was half-way to drunk at this point and didn’t really care. Plus, it’s not her problem. “It couldn’t have been that bad where you have to drink this much.” he said, finishing up the second of his own drink. Alyah slowed down a bit, seeing as she was on her fourth shot and she could feel the world turning slightly. “I don’t know, I just like to drink and dance. It’s an excuse to get off base.” she said to him. He laughed and she took another shot. Once she took that shot, things started to get blurry for her. “Excuse me for a minute.” Alyah tried to stand up, but almost fell over. The man she was with caught her before she hit the ground and stood her back up. “You shouldn’t walk alone.” he said to her. She rolled her eyes as he didn’t let her go. “Unless you want to come to the bathroom with me then let go. I can handle myself.” Alyah didn’t know how clear that sentence came out, but judging by his face it probably wasn’t clear enough. “At least let me get you there. You can barely stand on your own two feet.” He didn’t even give her the option, he just took her arm and lead her through the crowd to the back bathrooms. They didn’t make it into the bathroom, as Alyah accidentally opened up a closet by running into it, causing the two of them to both fall into it. Thankfully no one was inside and she took this as her chance to listen to Marc’s advice. “Do you know how attractive you are? Like seriously?” she asked him. There was no filter currently and she couldn’t exactly read his face, there was one light in the closet and it wasn’t that bright. She heard a click of the door and saw that he locked it. “Depends, do you know how attractive you are?” he said. Without giving her a chance to listen, he crashed his lips onto hers and started to intensely make out with her. Alyah wasn’t in a state to argue so she put her hands in his hair and continued to make out with him back. After that, it was all a blur.