the kid is a barista at starbucks, for godsake. his nametag says “armie” and he turns into a goddamn garden tomato every time ren makes eye contact with him. ren orders a double shot nonfat macchiato and slips the kid a ten dollar tip each time. but not in the tip jar. actually reaches over the counter and tucks it in his apron. every time, armie looks like he might go nuclear, stutters all over himself and the tips of his ears start to match his hair. god, ren loves gingers. so ren takes his time. “armie, huh?” he says one day when there’s no line behind him. “i prefer hux, actually,” the kid says. his voice cracks, like a teenager. he swallows. “uh huh,” ren replies. he leans on the counter as a girl makes his drink. “how old are you?” “i turned eighteen last month.” fucking barely legal twinks are gonna be the death of him. of course he couldn’t just say eighteen like a normal goddamn person, but eighteen last month . as in, previously seventeen. it’s almost like a challenge. maybe an invitation. maybe ren is easier to read than he thought. “you in school?” ren asks. “no, sir.” christ. kid already pulled out the sir card. maybe ren is easy to read, or hux is just perceptive. “why not?” “i’m taking a year off.” ren huffs a laugh. “you know, i said the same thing. never went back.” hux looks ren up and down, at his charcoal gray slim fit armani exchange suit, WSJ tucked under his arm, hair styled with some nice-smelling shit that cost as much as the car hux probably drives. “you seem to be doing alright.” “well,” ren says. the girl behind the counter hands him his drink. “i’m the exception.” he winks at hux and leaves. then on, ren calls the kid hux like he prefers and makes some small talk every morning. winks at him when the kid says something right. bites his lip and lets his gaze devour his thin frame. hux is writing ren’s name on a cup and says, “i have a smoke break in ten minutes.” ren meets him behind the building, with all the broken-down boxes and overfull trashcans. hux is shaking while he smokes, maybe because of the chill, maybe because of nervousness. ren is tempted to calm him, but he’d rather make it worse. he takes the cigarette out of hux’s hand and tosses it on the ground, snubs it out with the sole of his five hundred dollar shoes. “no smoking,” he says. hux glares at him. “why not?” “i said so.” ren places his hand on the brick beside hux’s head and leans in so that their noses are almost touching. he reaches up and cups the kid’s face, thumbs over his bottom lip. “and you always do what you’re told, right?” hux’s mouth goes slack and his pupils dilate and for once he’s not red but ashen. trembling. ren wants to eat him alive. ren pitches his voice low and adds, “you’re a good boy, right?” hux nods, just barely. “i want to hear it.” ren brushes his lips against hux’s, not a kiss, just enough to taste him. hux’s voice shakes as he whispers, “i’m a good boy.” “good,” ren says. hux chases his lips, mesmerized. still not kissing, just breathing each other’s air. “i want you to come over tonight.” he slips his card in hux’s apron. hux comes over after dark. ren hands him a glass of wine and sits him on the couch. “no smoking, but drinking’s okay,” hux says. “anything’s okay as long as i’ve given you permission to do it,” ren replies. he watches as hux’s pretty lips turn a little purple from the wine, stops him after the second glass because he doesn’t want him drunk for this. takes him by the hand and brings him into the bedroom. untucks hux’s shirt from his thirty-inch waist jeans and runs a hand over his soft stomach. “you know how this works right?” hux nods, gasps a little when ren unbuttons his pants. “you’ve done this before then?” “of course,” hux says. ren reaches into his pants. hux makes a noise that probably embarrasses him. “don’t lie to me.” ren gropes at hux’s cock, in front of his underwear that feels like they might actually be white cotton Y-fronts. he’s got a cute little package; hux is already half-hard, and all of him can fit into ren’s palm. “with…with toys,” hux stutters. “not with another person.” ren buries his face in hux’s neck and breathes in. his skin is soft and smooth and he smells like baby powder. “you want me to be your first?” hux is completely hard now. ren pinches the tip of his dick between his thumb and forefinger, as thick as a cigar. “yes,” hux says. ren undresses him except for his – confirmed – white cotton Y-fronts, and manhandles him back on the bed. he himself remains fully clothed, hasn’t even taken off his shoes or jacket. a wet little stain has made its way to hux’s underwear, and ren thumbs over it. he settles between hux’s legs and looks and looks and looks. runs his hands over hux’s thighs. he’s nearly hairless but for the brightest dusting of red peeking out his underwear. he’s got freckles all over and doesn’t have a single defined muscle on his whole body. his cheeks are red; the flush spreads all over like strawberries and cream. he leans over hux and takes him by the throat. squeezes a little. feels hux’s fluttering pulse against the pad of his thumb. “bet you bruise like a summer peach,” ren tells him. he squeezes a little harder and can feel hux’s cock jolt, his muscles tense. “bet you like it, too. like it to hurt.” hux nods with what little movement he can manage. ren reaches down with his free hand and pinches the skin between hux’s thigh and his balls. when hux yelps, ren grips his throat into silence. “gonna be a good boy for me, right?” ren asks. “gonna tell me if something’s too much? tap out if you need to?” he lets go of hux’s throat a little so he can breathe. hux lets in a big breath and says, “yes.” “ah-ah.” his voice is hoarse, high. ren can feel his adam’s apple bob against the palm of his hand. “yes, sir.” “good.” ren lets go of him completely and kisses him. he’s sweet and warm like a spring day, sloppy like he’s never had his tongue in someone’s mouth before. ren clutches his face and forces him neater. bites his lips and sucks at his tongue. hux ruts against him pathetically, moans into his mouth like the desperate little slut he is. when ren pulls back, a bruise is already starting to form on hux’s lips. “we’re gonna go slow, okay?” hux nods, fidgeting on the bed, looking stupid and helpless. ren turns him onto his belly, takes the elastic of his underwear and yanks up until hux yelps again. the fabric is trapped between his asscheeks, balls squashed into nothing. he clutches the sheets in his hands and struggles, so ren slaps the back of his thigh to get him to stop. red welts burn in the wake of his hand. hux stills, breathes, fucks himself against the mattress in tiny compulsive thrusts of his hips. ren shoves his thumb over the taut, fabric-covered hole and circles it around, pushes the cotton in. hux grips the sheets until his knuckles turn white. “stay like that,” ren says. he gets out of bed to pick out the lube in the bathroom. takes his time. whistles. can hear little hitched sounds from the bedroom. ren settles back in place between hux’s legs. his handprint is still on his thigh – pale skin like paper, anything can leave a mark. he takes hux’s underwear and pulls it down mid-thigh, trapping hux’s legs closed. his ass is pasty white and tiny. ren kneads it with his hands and spreads him open. his hole is like the rest of him: pretty pink and toy small. ren takes two fingers and slaps it; hux makes a shocked noise that stays in his throat. ren leans over and spits on it, rubs his saliva around with the pad of his thumb. hux relaxes a little, enough that ren enters him, just to the bed of his fingernail. the muscle clenches against him, and ren goes a little hard at the thought of fitting his entire dick in there. he coats his fingers with lube and coaxes his middle finger inside, all the way to the knuckle. “that hurt?” he asks. hux nods. “good,” ren says, and shoves in a second. hux shouts, makes horrible noises, but doesn’t tell ren to stop. so ren adds a third, and the resulting sound is a sob. ren’s dick throbs against his thigh. he fucks hux with three fingers, slow and steady, until the tension gives a little and hux’s body melts against the mattress. with his other hand, he unbuckles his belt and undoes his fly, pulls his cock out and fists it to full hardness. he takes his fingers out of hux and says, “come here.” hux’s whole body trembles when he tries to move. he gets slowly to his knees and turns around. ren tosses his tie over his shoulder and stands from the bed, holds his cock in his dry hand and whistles at hux, like a dog. hux gets the drift. his underwear falls to his knees as he crawls across the bed. he stares at ren’s cock like it’s the fucking mona lisa. from this angle it looks like it could barely fit in hux’s mouth, let alone his ass. he tentatively takes ren’s cockhead into his mouth, suckles it gently like a doctor’s office lollipop after a booster shot. ren loses patience and grips him by the hair, shoves himself down hux’s throat until he gags. “there you go,” ren says once hux’s has worked past his gag reflex, let his jaw go slack so ren can fuck his face. drool slides down his chin, tears out the corner of his squeezed-shut eyes. the sight is so pretty ren wants to come all over it. he will, next time. he pulls out and says, “on your back.” hux struggles to lie down, still trapped in his Y-fronts. ren finally takes them off, because he wants to see hux spread-eagle underneath him, watch his little cock dance with the force of his thrusts. he slicks himself up, lines his cock with hux’s hole, and pushes in. hux cries. when ren bottoms out, he holds still, leans down and kisses up the tears from hux’s face. “that’s right,” he murmurs. “such a good boy for me. tell me you’re a good boy.” hux lets out a broken sob and squirms underneath ren’s massive body. “I’m a good boy.” “tell me you like daddy’s cock inside you.” “i like,” hux swallows. his throat is blotchy red and bruised all over. “i like daddy’s cock inside me.” “tell me you want daddy to come in your slutty little hole.” “i want.” he lets out another sob. tries to breathe and fails. “i want daddy to come in my slutty little hole.” ren kisses him, murmurs against his lips, “baby boy, so good for me.” “good for you,” hux mutters. ren pulls out and fucks back in. hux screams, so ren clamps a hand down on his throat again. he fucks him hard and fast, until hux’s body goes completely pliant. his hole gives way, slick and open. ren grabs hux’s cock and jams his fingernail under the head, so hux will pay attention again. “don’t leave,” ren says. “look at me.” hux’s eyes are all bright blue and glassy, nothing behind them but a mix of pleasure and pain. ren runs his thumb up and down hux’s cock because his hand is too big to actually grip it. it’s as hard as it probably gets and leaking out little clear beads onto ren’s fingers. hux’s cries turn into moans as ren jerks his tiny cock with his fingers in time with his thrusts. “gonna come like this, baby? come on my cock?” hux nods, says, “please daddy.” “come for me, baby,” ren says, and clutches hux’s throat tighter until hux’s surprised gasp gets stuck. hux comes with his whole body pitifully tensing, his load only a single cloudy spurt onto his belly. “that’s right,” ren tells him, pooling it on his fingers and putting all four into hux’s mouth. “good boy.” hux licks it all up. his body is loose when ren flips him to his knees. he enters hux again, and this time pounds into him mercilessly, clutching his hips and fucking him back onto his cock. he shoves hux’s face into the mattress, yanks his hair. “daddy,” hux gasps. “come in me, daddy. please.” ren stills, doesn’t make a sound as he comes, just revels in the feeling of his cock pulsing hux open wider, filling him up. hux moans like a whore. when ren pulls out, he settles on his heels and thumbs over hux’s puffy red hole. it’s slick and bright, opens and closes over and over, pushes out fat drops of ren’s come, dribbles down his miniscule ballsack. ren leans in and licks it up. shoves his tongue inside. doesn’t lick him quite clean but close. hux’s noises are muffled in a pillow. he’s gonna put hux’s underwear and pants back on in a minute, when the kid gets back to his own head. let him wet himself, get all soaked and uncomfortable. he’ll send hux home with an embarrassing stain and a candy bar and kiss, sweet and easy like he deserves, and see him for coffee in the morning. Chapter 2 “please,” hux begs. ren wonders if he even knows what he’s begging for anymore, or if he’s just saying words compulsively, in the way altar boys pray. ren makes a noncommittal mm noise and scrolls down to the next news article on his ipad. with his other hand, he fucks two fingers slowly in and out of hux’s slicked-up ass. they’re on the couch, hux on his back and gangly porcelain legs spread wide. he grips the sofa cushions because he knows better than to touch his pretty little dick, which isn’t even hard anymore. ren has been at this for about a half hour now. he hasn’t finished the WSJ yet, nor his coffee. hux can beg all he wants, but until ren has to start making his way to work – he’s already dressed in his suit and tie, hair slicked back, clean shaven – he’s more than happy ignoring hux, aside from gently massaging his prostate. “please,” hux says again. “daddy, please. anything. fuck me. touch me. please .” in and out. in and out. to the steady beat of his heart. “mm.” ren rests his ipad on his leg and reaches for his coffee. hux is naked except for one of ren’s white t-shirts. the collar falls off his shoulder and there’s a wet stain where hux’s cock has been leaking a filthy puddle all over himself. hux’s thighs are shaking and have turned a pretty shade of freckled pink. last night’s welts are still streaked across his ass cheeks, droplets of ren’s come still flowing out of him. “daddy,” hux says, over and over. he sounds like he’s crying, broken pained breaths gathering in his lungs. ren likes the sound, feels himself fill out his pant leg. to make it worse, he jams his thumb under hux’s balls, hard. hux screams; his back arches and he starts sobbing. ren sets his coffee cup down and looks at his watch. ten minutes until he has to leave. he pulls his fingers out of hux’s ass and wipes them on the t-shirt, then unbuckles his own belt and fly and pulls his dick out of his slacks. “c’mere, baby,” he says, and whistles while he gives a little nod to his lap. hux’s face is all wet and red from crying and his whole body is trembling. he crawls clumsily over to ren, almost leans down to take him in his mouth, but ren says, “nope,” and pats his own thigh. “you’re going to fuck yourself on my cock.” “yes daddy,” hux mutters, and wipes his face with the back of his hand. he climbs on to ren’s thighs like a shopping mall santa and lowers himself on ren’s dick. ren holds the base of it, lifts the hem of hux’s shirt so he can watch himself sink inside. “that’s right, baby,” ren says. when he’s sunk to the hilt, hux shifts a little, bears his weight on the coffee table in front of them, lifts up and pushes back down again. “like this daddy?” “good boy, just like that.” hux fucks himself on ren’s dick, bouncing up and down, cracked little moans low in his throat. ren checks his watch again, needs to speed up the show, so he gathers up the back of hux’s shirt, from hem to collar, and pulls. hux’s back bends, and ren snaps his hips into him at a brutal pace. his other hand wraps around hux’s front, shoves his clean thumb in hux’s mouth. hux sucks on it greedily. it comes back wet, and ren brings it down to press at hux’s hole, beside his own dick, opening him wide. hux shouts against the stretch, starts crying again like the little wimp he is. kid never wants to stop, ren thinks. the pain just gets him hotter. ren can feel hux’s hole flutter around his dick and thumb, knows he can’t last when his baby is crying his name. he yanks hux’s shirt again, makes him take ren’s cock as far as it can go. ren comes soundlessly, cock throbbing, filling him up for the third time since hux showed up at his door last night – blushing, a backpack over his shoulder. he said all sorts of sweet things, like, i need your cock, daddy , and i think about you all day long. i can’t stop. and the way hux looks at him, it’s different now. all doe-eyed and loving. open and curious. ren can’t say no to that. “thank you, daddy,” hux says, breathless, stilling on ren’s softening cock. “on the table,” ren says. hux maneuvers himself off of ren’s cock and onto the glass coffee table. he sits down gently, wincing, and ren adds, “legs up. you can touch yourself now.” hux hitches his heels up and takes his little dick in his hand while he braces himself behind him with the other. he gets hard in an instant. a pool of ren’s come falls steadily out of him, fat drops with every clench of his hole. ren tucks himself back in his slacks and buttons his fly, his belt. he picks up his ipad again and takes a gulp of coffee. hux, petulant, starts moaning, whining for attention. “i want you to watch me come, daddy,” hux says. “please.” “mm,” ren says, and takes another sip. in his peripheral vision, he can see hux’s fist work furiously on himself, the puddle of ren’s come growing. hux swipes his fingers in it and sucks them into his mouth. daring. ren can’t keep his eyes away now, not when hux is so close, not when he’s eating ren’s come. his tiny cock is flushed purple, his knuckles pale white as he gives himself one final tug and comes. he gushes high on ren’s t-shirt, on his own chin and cheek. his asshole squeezes out more come and he fucks himself into his own fist while he lets out a loud, cracked cry. ren can’t stop himself. this is bad, he thinks. he leans in and grips the front of hux’s shirt, kisses him, licks the come off his chin and cheek and tongues it into his mouth. bites and sucks at his lips. so sweet. like sugar. like something a person could get addicted to. something that could ruin a man. when ren lets him go, hux looks him in the eye and says, “are you going to make me leave?” taken off-guard, ren asks, “what?” “while you’re at work. do i have to leave? or can i…stay?” “here?” hux’s face goes even redder, somehow. he nods and says, “so i can be here when you get home.” ren should say no. tell the kid to get lost, knowing full-well he’ll be back in a day or two or a week or whenever finals are over. “please?” hux asks, and for once all morning, ren doesn’t ignore him. he thinks, somewhat ironically, he hasn’t had enough coffee, and that must be why he says, “okay.” Chapter 3 hux gets in the back of the limo. he’s paler than normal, porcelain skin tinged a little green. he’s wearing the tux ren had picked out for him – they were alone in the fitting room. ren watched from a chair in the corner, The New Yorker propped in front of him while hux dressed, fumbling clumsy fingers over his shirt buttons as if he’d never worn anything nicer than a Sears button-down. ren folded his paper and stood, making his way into hux’s space, where he brushed his hands away and buttoned the remaining three, hovering at the collar to feel hux’s warm skin at the back of his knuckles. he roped a tie around his neck and tied it, watching the rapid pulse of hux’s flushing throat. “how does it feel?” ren asked. “good,” hux whispered back. “do i look –” ren interrupted him by lifting his hand under his chin and leaning in for a kiss. brief and sweeter than anything ren thought he could offer. hux returned the kiss with his usual unbridled fervor, a pathetic kind of desperation that ren found pitiable at first but now thrilled him. he found himself daydreaming idly about the boy’s kiss during lazy office afternoons, thumbing over his phone hesitantly before opening a text: come over, 7pm. don’t be late. ren let his hand fall between them, and cupped hux’s erection in his expensive pair of yet-purchased slacks. “don’t stain these,” ren told him, murmured against the mouth that haunted him day in, day out. “yes daddy,” hux said with a gasp. – and runs his palms over his thighs while the driver closes the door. “i’ve never been in a limo,” hux says, staring out the dark tinted window. his hair is over-styled and he has a drying patch of shaving cream behind his ear. ren reaches out and wipes it away, which startles hux into finally looking at him. “are you wearing them?” ren asks. hux flushes deep pink and looks down with a little nod. he fidgets again in his seat, more nervous than he’s been since they first met. ren can’t tell if it’s the gala they’re about to attend, hux as ren’s date, or something else – “you want me to be your date?” hux asked. “like, publicly?” “do you have a problem being seen in public with me?” ren replied. “of course not.” “then what’s the problem?” “i’m –” “a bright, handsome, charming young man,” ren supplied. hux let out a choked sound as if he’d been offended, or perhaps just shocked. ren realized belatedly that, in truth, he hadn’t been entirely forthright with his growing feelings for the boy, opting for cruelty in the bedroom that often didn’t extend to the time they spent outside of ren fucking him into oblivion. “you really think that?” hux asked. “of course i do,” ren said absently, followed by the lowering of his zipper. “now get on your knees.” – “let me see them,” ren demands. “here?” “yes, here.” “but –” ren jerks hux’s chin toward him, thumb and fingers squeezing his mouth into a moue. “i said, let me see them.” he lets go, and hux reaches for his belt. the tuxedo fits well; his tailor did a beautiful job. ren has the entire evening to gaze at his handy work, but only a short drive to the banquet hall in the relative privacy of the limo. hux manages to unbuckle his belt and unbutton his fly. he lifts his hips to slide his pants down to his thighs. underneath them is a gift ren had picked out privately for him, a black-lace thong. hux’s dick is so small, only the soft mound of it trapped in the lace is any indication of his manhood at all. he reaches over and lifts up hux’s shirt tails to get a better view, runs his hands over the pretty little package inside them until hux’s cock hardens, to the side, trapped in the elastic. he can imagine the scratchiness of the lace against his oversensitive skin, sticky wetness filling his panties. ren gestures to his lap and pats his thigh. “come here.” he unzips his own fly and pulls out his dick. hux immediately crawls over to him and sits on his lap. ren slides the crotch of the thong over and feels for his slick opening, prepped and ready as he’d been instructed. he maneuvers to hux’s entrance and hux sinks down onto him with a long exhale. he takes hux by the hips and holds him still, letting the bumps in the road do all the work for them. hux writhes on his lap anyway, an instinctual grinding motion that gets ren closer to the edge faster than he’d ever admit. he kisses the back of hux’s neck and whispers, “daddy’s going to come in you, and you’re going to have to keep it in all evening.” “but –” ren shuts him up by shoving two fingers in hux’s mouth. hux sucks them in greedily and starts riding ren’s lap in earnest. ren reaches around him with the other hand and grinds his palm on hux’s tiny cock, soaking wet through the fabric until it probably chafes. “and then you’re going to come for daddy, all over yourself, and sit with your filthy mess in your panties for hours.” hux groans around ren’s fingers, bouncing desperately on his lap. ren keeps his mouth against the nape of hux’s neck, leaving bites and kisses and feeling the soft warmth of his skin against his lips, damp boy sweat and too much hair wax, a special kind of scent he associates with falling asleep in the bed he’d just fucked hux senseless in – face buried in it and breathing him in, wishing he had stayed the night. but he never does, and ren doesn’t offer. he can feel hux’s body tense, cock throbbing against ren’s palm as he gets close. out the window, ren can see the banquet hall approaching, where they’ll reach the entrance and have the door opened for them, in front of dozens of wealthy onlookers who will all see hux debasing himself for ren, coming all over himself – the thought of being found like this pushes ren over the edge. he comes hard inside of hux, who clenches around him with his own orgasm, filling his panties, come seeping through the lace. they’re about a block away. after catching his breath, ren lifts hux off of him gently and rights his thong while hux yanks up his slacks. ren shoves his waning dick back in his pants, and both of them are mostly presentable by the time the chauffeur puts the car in park and opens the door – later, at the end of the evening, back at ren’s apartment, ren will praise hux for his performance, his quick wit and surprising charm. “ did you know you have a knack for this?” ren will ask, lips grazing hux’s warm cheek, trailing kisses down his neck. “for what?” hux will ask, offering a rare shy smile “stealing hearts.” perhaps ren will have too much to drink, let his tongue slip loose and follow sweet words with a gentle kiss. hux will break away and say, “let me stay tonight.” and ren will find himself replying, “of course.” Notes: Original posts: part one | part two | part three