Chapter 1 Rey stared up at the old house in front of her, a hand shading her eyes from the sun. The turn of events wasn't at all what she planned or hoped for, but she would have to make do. It was only temporary, or at least she hoped. She felt a hand on her shoulder, and she turned around to find her grandfather, Ben Kenobi, smiling warmly down at her. "I'm glad you'll be joining me. It's quite lonely out here." Rey returned his smile, the situation wasn't all that bad. Sure, her father kicked her and her mother out of the house, and yeah, her mother decided it would be best to just abandon Rey, leave her with her grandfather and decided to run away, but at least she was able to spend some time with Ben, whom she never even knew existed until recently. Rey wanted to look on the bright side of things, she was never one for seeing something as "a glass half empty". So with a smile, she followed her grandfather into his house. It was nice, rather old styled and needed a new paint job, but over all, it was a comfy looking house. The front door led straight into the small foyer, that had a nice area to place shoes, a rug that said "Welcome", and a doorway that led to a pair of stairs and the living room. Ben took off his slippers by the door, and motioned for Rey to follow him to the living room. "Your room is upstairs, first room to the left," He stated and gestures towards the stairs as he made his way to the kitchen connected to the living room. "Would you like something to drink?" He asked, glancing over his shoulder from the fridge. "Water, please." Rey replied. He nodded and pulled out a pitcher of water, placing it on the counter, then finding two cups in the cabinet above him. "So, Rey, how are you holding up?" Pouring water into the two cups, he glanced up at her with a look of genuine concern and worry, and a tiny smile on his features. Rey shrugged and began spinning back and forth on the bar stool. "Alright, I suppose. There's nothing I can change, now." She said simply, and Ben nodded as he placed the pitcher back on the counter and picked up the two glasses. "I'm sorry we hadn't met sooner, but your parents and I... don't exactly see eye-to-eye." He sighed as he handed Rey a glass, she took it gratefully, and took a sip. Letting the cool water drip down her dry throat, clenching any thirst she had before. Ben leaned again the counter in front of her, and took a sip from his own glass, staring absentmindedly at the wall behind Rey. "I remember the day your mother ran away. She left late at night, while her mother and I were sleeping. She left a note about how she met some man and decided to run away with him. We wanted to bring her back, but we had no idea where she had gone. Not long after, we received an email from her, telling us that she had given birth to a baby girl," He smiled at Rey. "and telling us we needn't worry about her. Her mother was worried sick, and tried to track the email. But it was of no use, she had blocked it." Ben frowned at the counter, then finally looked back to Rey. "She would have loved to meet you; your grandmother, I mean." He took a sip of his drink. "You look just like your mother. I'm sure you get told that quite a lot." Rey returned his smile and took a sip from her cup. They sat in silence for a bit, just enjoying each other's company. Rey placed her glass on the counter and absentmindedly tapped the side of it, thinking about all the changes in her life with only a month. Her thoughts were disrupted when Ben started talking again, but she didn't mind. She much more preferred talking to someone, than having to lock herself in her room while her mother and father argued. "Tell me, how was it in England?" "Home, I guess. There's not really a way to describe it." She responded with a small chuckle and scratched the back of her neck, pulling some loose hairs from her messy bun. Ben nodded and took up her glass, taking both his and hers to the sink. "I'll never understand why she decided to move so far, or why she's determined to never come back home." He began filling the cups with water, then turned the faucet off once they were both filled. He turned back to Rey with a smile. "Well, I'm sure you're tired of me talking, why don't you go unpack your things and get settled in? I'll get you when dinner is ready." "Alright," she stated, and hopped off of the stool. She walked back to the front door to retrieve her items from Ben's car. As she opened the door she was greeted by the chilly air of September. She pulled the sleeves of her tan jacket down over her hands, and made her way towards the car. ~ Her room was rather dull, no color to the walls, only a cream white, and only one window facing the seemingly endless woods surrounding the house. She was glad she packed a few of her posters and some pictures from back home, and immediately got to work to putting them on the walls. And, because she was still a child at heart, she bought stick on glow in the dark stars to put on her ceiling. Of course, she had a reason. It reminded her of her home when her mother and she would lay out in their back yard late at night, looking at the stars. She had always been close to her mother, since her father was never around, and when he was, he was drunk. It never made sense to Rey why her mother had ever married such an awful man. Though, her mother swore he was a good man. Rey wasn't blind. She knew he did terrible things to her mother, she saw the bruises and scars that were left on her skin, covering up her beautiful features. She knew it was best for them to leave, but she didn't understand why her mother continued running. Perhaps she was afraid of facing Ben, after all the years she had left him. Rey shrugged the thought away and started placing a few stars on the wall next to the empty mattress that she would use. She grabbed a chair from the hallway outside of her room, and placed it by the mattress. She steadily climbed on it, being careful not to slip or loose her balance, and started placing the rest of the stars on the ceiling. As she was placing the last star, she had the strangest feeling of being watched. She slowly pulled her hand away from the star, and started looking around the room, but just as fast as the feeling had appeared, it disappeared. She shook her head and slowly got down from the chair, placing it back where she found it. ~ "What is it you plan on doing after you finish college?" Ben asked over dinner, spooning some mashed potatoes onto his spoon. Rey simply shrugged as she poked at her untouched food with her fork. "Haven't gotten that fair yet. In all honesty, I didn't originally plan to go to college." She wasn't lying, she never thought that far ahead, and she figured she would just stay with her mother until she found a house or apartment, or maybe a boyfriend. But all that changed when she was placed under her grandfather's care. She was nineteen, going on twenty, taking online college, and unsure what to do with her life. She could've moved out on her own, but the thought made her shiver. She wasn't ready to live alone just yet. And if she wanted a well paying job, she needed a degree of some sorts. Ben nodded and took a bit or if his mashed potatoes, before glancing down at Rey's full plate. "Not hungry?" He questioned and Rey shrugged. "I've just...had a long day. Sorry." Rey chewed at her bottom lip out of habit and Ben waved her off. "No need to apologize, it's understandable. You can go ahead up to your room of you'd like. I'll clean up." Rey was grateful of his kindness, and accepted the excuse. She made her way back up the stairs to her new room, and took down her bun once she made it to her mirror on her closet door. Letting a wavy flow of tangled, brown hair fall to her back. She examined her reflection, starring into her hazel eyes and glancing over her freckles across her nose for a moment before deciding to change and get some rest. She started pulling her shirt over her head, and slipped off her jeans. Disregarding them on the floor next to her small closet. As she reached her hand back to unclasp her bra, the sudden feeling of being watched returned, but a bit stronger. She furrowed her brows in slight confusion and inhaled a shaky breath, before the feeling disappeared, as if it was never there in the first place. Licking her dry lips, she shook off any thoughts of it and continued undressing. Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Darkness. There was only darkness. Rey couldn't move, couldn't open her eyes, so she laid helplessly. " Rey ," an unfamiliar voice spoke up. It sounded desperate. There was a sudden vision, but it went black once more, as if she blinked. She felt something wet roll down her cheek, a tear, she supposed. But why was she crying? A vision appeared again, and she saw a slight glimpse of brown hair. " Don't leave me, Ben... " She recognized the voice as her own. Was she dreaming about her grandfather? She had no idea, nor could she figure out who else was in the dream. Another vision. That one stayed longer, but all she saw was what seemed like a portal. The brunette was no where to be seen. She felt a sudden overflowing sadness, unable to control it. And when that vision disappeared, she was finally able to open her eyes. She laid still for a moment, her breathing uneven. Slowly sitting up on her elbows, she looked around. It was morning, and she was in her new room. She thought back to what she was dreaming of, but all she found was darkness. She had already forgotten about the dream. Rey rubbed the sleep from her eyes, stretching her back out. She slowly pushed the blankets off her, slinging her legs to the side of the mattress, and standing up. She slowly made her way down the old stairs, yawning. As she reached the bottom step, the scent of bacon and eggs filled her nostrils, immediately waking her up fully. It was a delightful smell, much better than an occasional bowl of stale cereal she had back home. She quietly made her way to the kitchen to find Ben standing at the stove in a tan bathrobe, and his brown slippers he wore yesterday. Rey smiled to herself as she sat down at the dinning table behind Ben. He glanced at her before turning back to the stove. "Good morning." she said tiredly. "Good morning," He replied, turning off the stove and grabbing two plates. "Sleep well?" Rey sighed and rested her chin in her hand. "Not really," she admitted , and Ben slightly frowned as he handed her a plate of bacon and eggs. "Sorry to hear that. Would you like some coffee?" He placed his plate down across from her, and padded to the coffee maker. Rey nodded as she scooped some eggs into her mouth, letting a satisfying hum escape her. Not caring if Ben heard. She heard Ben chuckle from the coffeepot. "Do you like it?" He asked with his back to her, grabbing two mugs from a nearby cabinet. "It's delicious," Rey said mid-chew. All manners forgotten in favor of eating. Ben chuckled once more as he placed a mug of coffee in front of her and sat down at his own seat. They ate in a comfortable silence, and Rey took in her surroundings. Her eyes stopped on the newspaper laying on the table. Curiously, she picked it up and scanned through the black text. She took a bite of her bacon and read over bold words that read, "Help Wanted: Resistance Cafe" Rey hummed in thought, sipping her coffee before placing the paper back down. "Where's the Resistance Cafe at?" She asked. Ben pointed to his left as he swallowed the last bit of his breakfast. "About a fifteen minute drive down that way, just follow the road until you reach a small town." Rey nodded and stood up from her chair. She picked up her plate, then Ben's, and brought them to the sink. Ben smiled in appreciation, finishing the last drop of his coffee. "Would you mind if I borrowed your car for a quick trip?" Rey questioned as she turned off the faucet, dripping a few drips of water before stopping. She turned around to face Ben, finding him rubbing his white stubble in thought. "I don't see why not," he finally said with a shrug and a smile. Rey grinned in reply, scurrying to the stairs to change. ~ A bell chimed from the cafe door, signaling the workers they had a costumer. Rey examined the inside of the small cafe, it was old fashioned, like everything else in the town. The walls were an off-white, with pictures beside the brown booths. There were a few scattered tables, and in the far back, was a counter filled with delicious looking cakes and pastries. Rey stuffed her hands in her pockets and inhaled the coffee scented air. "Welcome," A cheery male voice stated from the counter. Rey looked up and found a man wearing an orange apron, and smiling at her. He had a dark complexion, and a smiling face. Rey couldn't help but smile back and give him a small wave. "Can I help you?" He asked, moving to the register by him. Rey moved towards the counter, admiring the pictures she passed. "Um, actually, I'm here for the job opening." Rey stated, and the man's eyes lit up. "Oh, great! I need to ask you a few questions first. I'm Finn, by the way." "Rey," Finn leaned forward on the counter, still smiling. "Do you have any experience in working at a cafe?" Rey scratched the back of her neck before shaking her head, Finn wrote something down on a notepad he took from the pocket of his apron. "Alright," he stated and looked back up. "That's not a problem. All you need to know is how to hand a person their order. Now," He sat up a bit, biting his pen. "Are you still willing to take the job without much pay?" Rey nodded, and Finn smiled again, scribbling another note in his notepad. "Alright, last question, do you have a boyfriend to go with that pretty face of yours?" Rey chuckled and shook her head. "No, actually." Finn grinned and opened his mouth to say something, but the door behind him opened and a rather short lady walked out, giving him a small glare as she walked behind him to place a tray of fresh donuts on the counter. "Finn, get to work. You're not paid to flirt with the costumers." She stated as she placed the donuts down and wiped her hands on her apron. Finn sighed and pushed himself off from leaning on the counter. "Actually, this is someone here for the job." He crossed his arms over his chest and the lady's eyes widened slightly, grinning as she approached the girl. She examined Rey up and down, or at least what she could see over the counter. "Having a cute waitress may boost our business." She muttered, and Rey's face flushed a bit. Finn nodded in agreement. "Can you start tomorrow?" Rey was taken aback by the woman's question, she hadn't expected to actually get the job or start so soon. She quickly nodded her head, unable to hide her smile. The woman smiled back. "Great, now tell me dear, what's your name?" "Rey," "I'm Maz, I own the cafe now. It used to belong to the Solos but after..." Maz trailed off and shook her head, as if to forget a memory. "That's not important now. But we'd love to have you working with us." The bell chimed, interrupting them. They turned their heads to the door to find a man with curly, dark brown hair, wearing a brown leather jacket and grinning sheepishly, standing there. Rey turned her attention back to Finn and Maz, she saw Finn's expression change a bit. As if he was nervous, but he quickly covered it up with a smile and a wave. "Morning, Poe." "Hey, Finn." Maz looked between them with a knowing look, and started walking to the back room, gesturing for Rey to follow. Rey looked between Finn and so called Poe, who had walked inside fully and sat down at a table, before moving behind the counter and walking through the door Maz had disappeared in. When Rey opened the door, she was welcomed with a scent of fresh baked goods. Rey inhaled the delicious smell, earning a chuckle from Maz. She didn't care, though. It had been so long since she smelled something so sweet, her mother was never one to bake. "This is where I work. I'm known for my cupcakes. Here," Maz grabbed a cupcake covered in white icing from the tray beside her and made her way to Rey. "Try one." She pressed, and Rey arched a brow. "Are you sure?" Rey hesitantly reached for the cupcake as Maz nodded. As Rey picked up the cupcake from Maz's rather small hands, she examined it and brought it to her mouth. The scent was divine, and as she took a bite from it, an explosion of flavor took over her tastebuds. Vanilla was the main flavor, with a hint of what tasted like custard from the center, and the icing was vanilla. There was another flavor that she couldn't quite place, but it was delicious nonetheless. "This tastes wonderful!" Rey exclaimed with a mouthful of cupcake. Maz chuckled and crossed her arms across her chest. "Thank you, dear." Maz's gaze moved from Rey to the door. "I swear. That boy is clueless." Maz sighed and Rey slightly tilted her head in confusion, finishing off her cupcake and leaving a bit of icing on her lip that she licked off before asking, "What do you mean?" "That Poe guy has been coming here the same time everyday. Finn has this certain look for him, and it's obvious he has feelings for him. But he's denying it, he's been flirting with every girl that walks in here because of it. Either that or he's just plain stupid." Maz shrugged and uncrossed her arms. She moved to the oven and opened it, inhaling the scent from it, before grabbing an oven mitt nearby and taking a tray out from the oven. She placed the tray on a table and smiled at Rey. "As much as I'd love to talk to you, I'm sure you've got better things to do. I'll see you tomorrow, at eleven if convenient." Rey nodded and gave her a wave as she walked back to the door, walking out and spotting Finn chatting with Poe. It was obvious they felt something for each other, from the way they looked at each other. But Rey decided not to interfere and let them realize it themselves. So she walked past them, giving Finn a "good bye" and opened the door leading out of the small cafe. The cafe fit in perfectly with the area, the town was small and old fashioned. It has barely been a day and she was already feeling welcomed and at home. But she couldn't help the nagging feeling that something was missing. For some reason, she felt incomplete. Rey put her hands into her pockets of her tan overcoat and furrowed her eyebrows, trying to ignore the feeling.