Chapter 1 “Can I take the shot?” Ben whispered excitedly in his ear. They were crouched behind some crates right now, forced to huddle together as they hid. It was not the first time their work had required them to relinquish their personal space and Armitage was really getting sick of it. For all that he would begrudgingly admit to enjoying Ben’s company once in a while, being this close to someone – having Ben’s hand resting on his shoulder while they both leaned in close to peek through the gap between two crates – just wasn’t for Armitage. His heart was beating far faster than it should. It was probably good he was getting a chance to build up a tolerance to proximity like this it before he and his fellow cadets had much field training, because surely there’d be situations like this then too. “You’ve only had two lessons!” Armitage hissed back. He’d been teaching Ben how to shoot and had discovered that he really didn’t have the focus for it. Or, more likely, it was boring to him compared to the training he’d run away from and so he couldn’t be bothered to really try. “I feel like I could get it.” There was a slight chuckle in Ben’s voice and his breath was tickling his neck. They needed to get on with the job, now. “Speaking as your teacher; no you couldn’t. And we only have one shot.” The shot they were referring to was meant to snap a rope. The group of desert nomads they were spying on stored their food and some other goods in a rope net suspended from a rocky outcropping. This protected it from animals, and they seemed to have no fear about their rope breaking and sending all of their things tumbling into the canyon below. The nomads themselves were barely aware of life existing off of their planet, but a smuggler Ben and Armitage had met through a different client had formed a relationship with them where she would trade all kinds of useful things (and occasional useless trinkets) to the nomads in exchange for their safeguarding goods for her occasionally. The reason Armitage and Ben were currently spying on the camp of sleeping nomads was that there had been a mix up. The smuggler had accidentally included an item in her last payment to the tribe which she was supposed to deliver to her own clients. She couldn’t ask for it back without offending the nomads, and couldn’t steal it back without risking the relationship. She also couldn’t get anyone too well known to do it without risking spreading rumors about her own incompetence. So, she hired Ben and Armitage. They were actually starting to build a reputation. It was only as all-purpose criminal errand boys, and only within space that could be said to ‘belong’ to their first client, Jojo. But still. It was progress. Aside from that hiccup the first time they’d stolen something a couple weeks back, things had been going well. Armitage had worried that almost getting caught was going to be hard to come back from, but since it hadn’t negatively impacted their clients it hadn’t actually mattered. He had also been worried that they would figure out that they’d looked at what was in the box – a memory chip containing coordinates and a list of numbers that hadn’t made sense to him or Ben – but they hadn’t seemed to. Perhaps they did assume they’d look and just knew it wouldn’t make sense to them. Either way, there’d been no real fallout. Or, at least not any work-related fallout. Ben still hadn’t volunteered any kind of explanation for what had happened to make him freeze up, and Armitage suspected that whatever it was had happened a few more times. Ben would stare off into the distance, frustration or sorrow clear on his face, and when Armitage tried to snap him out of it he would just go away for a while and come back smiling like nothing had been wrong. Armitage may have been wrong to let the whole thing go the first time. Aside from those few incidents, things had been going well and Ben’s good mood had been unbreakable for the last few days. Currently, he was practically vibrating next to Armitage. He was really excited about this shot Armitage wasn’t going to let him take. Ben would miss and wake up all the nomads. Armitage’s blaster was almost as loud as an ancient firearm (it was still the most decent thing they could afford) and they knew that it was going to wake people up, but that would only be a problem if they missed. Once the bundle was falling they would be free to get out of there and head for the ship. The thing they were after – they had been told it was a memory chip this time – wouldn’t break in the fall and they could just pick it up at the bottom of the canyon. It could be simple, but it could also get complicated quickly if people started waking up before they were ready to run. “Come on, I got this!” “You most definitely do not ‘got this’.” Armitage stood slowly and raised the blaster, trying to focus on the shot. “You can walk me through it, it’ll be fine.” Ben stood as well and bumped Armitage’s shoulder with his own. “…You’re going to keep distracting me until I give in, aren’t you?” “That’s the plan.” “Brat.” Armitage huffed out and handed over the gun, only to watch Ben fail utterly and completely at even aiming the thing right. “You aren’t good, but you’re better than that.” “I dunno, I think you’d better help.” Ben had a look like he was trying not to smirk. Armitage resisted the childish urge to roll his eyes as he realized what Ben really wanted. “Give it back.” “No, just…show me.” Ben whined when Armitage didn’t immediately go along with his obvious little plot. They risked someone waking up and catching them every second they stood there disagreeing, so Armitage relented. Gently, he put his hands on Ben’s and arranged them to hold and aim the blaster properly. It was difficult not to think about how warm Ben’s skin was under his fingers…Ben, of course, grinned like a maniac the whole time Armitage was touching him. “Now the only problem might be the kickback. If you wanted to help hold me steady…” “Just take the shot.” Armitage bit out. Ben laughed, took the shot, and actually made it. The rope snapped and the bundle of goods started falling. Ben let out a loud ‘whoop!’ in victory, waking anybody who hadn’t been awoken by the sound of the blaster. “…That was a lucky shot.” Armitage had not expected that. It would have been a difficult shot for him. “Nah, you’re just a good teacher. Come on.” Ben squeezed his shoulder and started running. They ran back to the Breakaway before many people could figure out what had happened, never mind think to chase them, and flew immediately down the canyon in search of the box they were looking for. It had splintered into a million pieces, but the memory chip they were looking for was well protected in a spongy casing. They also ended up retrieving everything else that had fallen down (mostly bags of preserved foods) and dumping it near the nomad’s camp so they could find it again, because Ben insisted that they were ‘outlaws, but not bad guys’. He was honestly the most ridiculous person Armitage had ever met. He wanted to be a criminal, but not to hurt anybody. He went from overconfident to overly humble – or gloomy to excited – on a dime. He tried to flirt with Armitage every day, but he never made an actual move (not that he was waiting for him to or anything). He was warm and friendly towards someone who had only ever been treated coldly, at least since his mother had been sent away. Armitage was careful not to let himself get used to it. He wasn’t weak enough to desire or expect kindness in his dealings with other people, and once he returned to the Academy and the Order he certainly wouldn’t receive it. Still, Ben… Ben was ridiculous. - Since the voice had come back, Ben had good days and bad days. On bad days, it would whisper the same kinds of awful things it always had – that the people who claimed to love Ben only actually loved the nonexistent person they wanted him to be, that Ben was drawn to the dark side, that his best asset was his potential for violence. The voice had started backing all this up with the ‘evidence’ that Ben was fleeing form the light and the peaceful teachings of his uncle. On the worst days, Ben would believe it. Because he didn’t want to go home and live under Uncle Luke’s thumb, and he did want to control his own destiny, and the power that the voice was offering him sounded like freedom. He didn’t think he wanted a life of blood and darkness, but apparently he didn’t want a life in the light either. The voice always came to him when he was already doubting himself, and if Ben wasn’t careful it would have him half sure that what he was doing right now was running towards it before it left him. On the good days, though, everything was…good. He was living out a childhood fantasy in a lot of ways – having the kinds of adventures he’d dreamed of since he was a little kid listening to his dad’s stories. On the good days, it was enough that he got to fly around getting into trouble with Armitage. If this were just Ben’s life, he thought he could be happy. Except, it all felt temporary since the voice came back. It felt like some kind of in-between phase, and he was scared of what was on the other side of it. He didn’t let himself think about that when he could help it, though. Armitage was an especially good distraction (which made shooting lessons hard to focus on). His future boyfriend (he wouldn’t have kept flirting so hard if he wasn’t pretty sure Armitage liked it) and current partner was striking, especially now that he didn’t wear his cadet uniform anymore. And they’d known each other for more than a month now, so Ben was past thinking that Armitage seemed smart and onto knowing that he was an actual genius. Not so much about anything social or requiring even the slightest bit of emotional intelligence, mind you. Although he was weirdly good at negotiating for them. Usually when they met with clients now Armitage did all the talking and it was Ben’s job to stand behind him and look tough (they had learnt together that Ben could be pretty intimidating, so long as he didn’t open his mouth or try to look intimidating). That was what was happening right now, in the cargo hold of their client’s ship. They had recovered the memory chip for their client, and now they were returning it to her and getting paid. “Did you look at what was on it?” She had instructed them not to. “No.” Armitage lied effortlessly. Of course they looked. Since opening that first box they weren’t supposed to open, they always looked. The memory chip had actually been a lot like that first one; coordinates and numbers with no clear relationship or pattern. “Right then, I’ll transfer you boys your money.” The smuggler – a woman who was not quite elderly – chuckled good-naturedly as she transferred their payment into the account they’d set up a few weeks earlier. “Did everything go smoothly?” “Very.” “Details, Red! Tell me all about it.” It seemed like almost everyone they met called Armitage ‘Red’, and Ben could practically hear him fighting off the eye twitch every time. He always introduced himself as Hux, and people used that too, but friendly and faux-friendly types loved calling him Red. Meanwhile, Ben loved that he was the only one who called him Armitage. “You have your chip. There was no damage done to the tribe whose hands it had fallen into. What other details do you want?” Armitage’s patience was running thin. That happened when you called him ‘Red’. “None I suppose, I was just stalling a bit. Jojo, darling, you’re late!” Ben whipped around to see Jojo – the first client they’d ever had and a man they still got a steady stream of jobs from. Jojo had been an enemy of Han Solo, and neither Ben nor Armitage trusted him. They did think he’d wait longer to betray them, though. “Ah, Mr. Jordania,” Armitage greeted calmly, as if he didn’t suspect anything was amiss. “To what do we owe the pleasure?” He’d been pleased when Ben had told him Jojo’s full name. He really hated saying ‘Jojo’. “You boys have been doing a really good job lately. You had a few bumps at the start, but you’re really hitting your stride.” “Thank you.” “Yeah, I thought it’d be fun to have Han’s boy on the payroll. Thought you’d be pretty amusing to – so much pride for someone so…waifish.” Jojo laughed as he approached, two armed thugs following him in. Jojo and his men were now blocking the only exit. “That’s all done now, though. You kids have been working for way too many people who aren’t me.” “None of our other clients have been your enemies.” Armitage commented mildly, as if Jojo wasn’t obviously there to kill them. Ben’s hand was already wrapped tightly around the hilt of his machete, and he would already be trying to slash their way out if Armitage didn’t seem to have a different plan. He’d started walking slowly towards Jojo as they talked. “Of course not – you boys only operate out of my space! People around here are starting to talk about you, and I can’t have that. I can’t have people resenting me for it when I eventually decide I’m done being amused by you two, so it’s better to just call it off now.” Jojo sighed. “…You know that I know you’re terrified, right Red? I can smell it.” Jojo punctuated that statement by leaning in towards Armitage and taking a big sniff. Armitage took advantage of his close proximity to knee him in the groin and start running. “Come on, Ben!” The goons reacted more quickly than Jojo, who was immobilized temporarily from pain and shock. They chased after them, and one drew his blaster on them on the ramp heading off the ship. He was close enough behind Ben that he could stop, spin, and swing out with his machete to disarm the man (and potentially cut off one of his fingers). The other goon tried to jump at him while he was distracted, but he took a shot from Armitage’s blaster to the back of his knee for his trouble. It was probably a good thing they were forced to engage the goons before they had run too far, because they wouldn’t have been able to simply run from them all the way back to the Breakaway. Ben’s precious Delta was a good ten minute walk outside of the town – a tactic Armitage had suggested to prevent their ship from being commandeered by potential enemies, like Jojo, while they were doing business. They got back to the ship no worse for wear, aside from their primary employer and the man who dominated the corner of the galaxy they’d been working in wanting them dead. They’d have to move on. Also, a quick check showed that the smuggler woman hadn’t actually paid them. “What do we do now?” Armitage asked once they were off the planet. He sounded frustrated. “Everything we’d started to build over the last month is worthless now. We’ll have to leave this system.” “There are other systems.” It wasn’t that Ben wasn’t frustrated too – he was – but he thought that what they’d actually built was a partnership and a skillset. They were starting to know what they were doing, and they worked well together. They could set up somewhere else. “Maybe we should lay low for a while, though.” “Probably.” Armitage huffed. Reputation mattered more to him than Ben, and that’s what they’d lost. “Hey, know what might be fun? Let’s check out some of those coordinates from the chips. Our computer should have them saved.” “How is that laying low?” “We won’t get involved if it looks bad, but why not take a peak? I know you’re curious.” “…I suppose.” For all that he liked to think he was the responsible one between the two of them, Armitage could never resist sticking his nose in where it probably didn’t belong. Ben loved that about him. Speaking of things he loved about Armitage… “You fight pretty dirty.” Ben laughed, remembering how it was they’d escaped Jojo. “Here I was thinking you had some sophisticated plan.” “Yes, well, whatever works.” Armitage’s face was about as red as his hair, which was always cute. “You’re coming along so nicely. I’m so proud of me.” Ben smirked as he found the saved coordinates from that first memory chip and punched them in. “You’re proud of you?” “I found an enemy droid and turned him into a real boy. I deserve some kind of medal.” Armitage got that look on his face that said he was trying very hard not to roll his eyes (or hit him). It was also pretty cute. - They arrived at their destination the next day. It was on the very edges of what could loosely be termed ‘Jojo’s territory’, and it didn’t look like anything special. It was just a planet with a small population. There was one major city supported by a mine of some kind, but the coordinates they had pointed to the other side of the world where there were only small towns. They landed about ten minutes outside of one small village. There were coordinates for multiple villages on the list, along with other numbers attributed to the coordinates. Further, this planet was one of a few planets listed in the file, and they knew of at least one other memory chip with a similar file. Arriving in the village didn’t give them any clues to what any of the data was supposed to mean or why it was being traded on the black market. The village was…nice, though. Dirty and uncivilized, to be sure, but the weather was mild and the sky was blue. Ben suggested they see if there was an inn they could rent a room at while they laid low. There wasn’t – the town wasn’t big enough for that – but someone did have a brother who wasn’t home. They offered to rent his small cabin to them for a few days and the price was far more reasonable than Armitage would have expected. It felt like they were on vacation, which was surreal right after feeling like they were about to be murdered. And considering that Armitage had never been on vacation and had nothing to compare it to. He told Ben as much, which earned him an oddly sympathetic laugh. “We’ll just have to make sure your first vacation is memorable, then.” The evening after they arrived in town they sat out on the stoop of their borrowed cabin and watched the sun set over a nearby lake. Ben yawned unsubtly and ‘snuck’ an arm around his shoulder. Armitage allowed it. Notes: Let me know what you think! There's some fun stuff coming up in this part of the story. And some not-so fun stuff. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Runaways series