Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) lacuna [noun] : an unfulfilled space, a gap, a missing part, an emptiness inside. “She’s strong with the Force! Untrained, but stronger than she knows.” There’s still something about having his mask off in front of the Supreme Leader that unnerves Kylo to his core. He’s always been wary of his looks proceeding his power, enemies judging him based on his youth rather than the strength in his veins. Even Snoke, whom suggested he hide his identity in the first place, seems to alter his gaze when Kylo’s helmet is off, looking at him with an unrestrained anger rather than the gentler look of an impatient tutor. “And the droid?” Kylo opens his mouth to reply but only manages to exhale in a redundant puff of air before another voice chimes in, a voice that never fails to make Kylo’s skin crawl. “Ren believed it was no longer valuable to us. That the girl was all we needed.” Kylo turns briefly, already knowing that Hux is striding into the audience chamber, uninvited and unwanted, his head held high, greatcoat swishing out being him as it tends to with his annoying march. Kylo turns back around, gaze dropped to the floor, incredibly self-conscious of his maskless face. Of course, having shared command with the General for almost 5 years, Hux has seen Kylo’s face before, though only glimpses, seeing as the two don’t have much to do with one another outside of their meetings with Snoke. Hux is a burden , an asinine lightweight whose existence is to question Kylo’s choices and bring him down in the most insulting and irritating way possible. A boy who thinks that he’s of importance because of his father’s achievements, because of favouritism. The Supreme Leader’s faith in Hux and his abilities is a decision that Kylo doesn’t fully understand. Given the opportunity, Kylo is almost sure that Hux would murder him if the chance arose. “Supreme Leader, I can get the map from the girl,” Kylo steps forward, purposefully holding his head higher than Hux is holding his. Hux scoffs before leaving the chamber. Kylo ignores him. “I just need your guidance.” “If what you say about this girl is true, bring her to me,” Snoke orders. Kylo nods, and blinks— ///////////////////////// “Ren, open your eyes, please. Come back to me. Wake up. ” The voice that Kylo is so accustomed to being so sharp and so hateful is strangely soft to his ears, its tone filled with worry. Kylo decides to open his eyes, widening immediately in shock. He’s lying on an extremely comfortable bed in, what appears to be, a private room of a medical wing. It isn’t the Finalizer’s medbay; it’s much too bright and luxurious, filled with expensive-looking machinery and flowers in vases on a dresser underneath the window. There’s an excruciating pain in his head—his mind —a pounding headache that’s even making the Force seem distant. “Oh, thank the stars , you’re awake. I thought I was going to lose you, Kylo.” Kylo looks to his right, seeing Hux of all people, dressed in a white uniform with gold trims, sat on the edge of a chair, his gloved hand holding tightly onto Kylo’s, his thumb gently stroking across the back of Kylo’s cold knuckles. His red hair is messier than Kylo remembers, left to its own rule rather than gelled down like it normally is. A cape sits around his scrawny shoulders too, fastened by a gold chain over his clavicle, its collar embellished with tiny First Order symbols. Hux looks… regal, Kylo thinks. So different from how he’d been in the audience chamber with Snoke. But Kylo blinks hard. He was on Starkiller only moments ago, not here—though Kylo admits that he isn’t sure where here is. Groaning, Kylo tries to think, but it’s as though he’s blocked by an invisible barrier. His soul doesn’t feel right, feels cold, somehow. But as he looks back to Hux, Kylo realises that none of this makes any sort of sense. If someone were to ask him who would be by his bedside, he would’ve guessed his dead grandfather before he would even consider naming the cold and cruel Armitage Hux. What's even more alarming is that Kylo finds himself maskless, his face on show for Hux to stare at, judge him, identify him. Hux's eyes roam his face, albeit softly and not invasively like he'd expect, as though Hux is used to seeing him without his helmet. But Kylo would never want that...never. But as he stares back, Kylo can’t help but analyse Hux’s expression, noting a dampness to his eyelashes and cheeks, his coarse eyes now filled with unrelenting worry, but Hux’s mind is what’s striking Kylo the hardest. With the Force still adjusting to his consciousness, Kylo feels as though he may pass out from the rawness of Hux’s emotions that are flooding into his own mind: relief, joy, love . Love. The sensation of so much love is almost soothing to Kylo’s damaged mind. There’s a part of Kylo that’s telling him to soak it in, drown in it completely. Having been so attuned to other’s emotions since he was a boy, Kylo can tell that this is different. Hux’s feelings are pouring themselves straight into his mind, his soul, not like a tiny hole in a roof but like a break in a dam, showering through with tremendous force, something that can only be achieved in the most connected of souls— A Force bond. It’s weaker on Hux’s side—Kylo hadn’t even been aware that the General is Force-sensitive—but for Kylo, it’s as though his chest is opened and Hux is tearing out his heart, pulling harder with each fresh wave of emotion. Hux begins to gently lift Kylo’s hand to his mouth, eyes closed, brushing his knuckles against the smooth skin of his lips before kissing them, an action as soft as the most though they're the intimate of lovers. Kylo pulls his hand away quickly, turning his nose up. “Explain yourself, General,” Kylo growls, sitting up slowly, hearing Hux stutter in protest, but ignores him and swings his legs over the side of the bed. “And I suggest you do it quickly.” Hux falters, blinking hard. “Ren— Kylo —what’s the matter with you?” Hux says. “Does your head still hurt? I can call the medic if you want—“ The very second that Hux decides to cup his cheek, Kylo feels his patience snap. How dare he! This conniving bastard has the audacity to somehow create a Force bond between them whilst Kylo is unconscious and non-consenting, sit and watch over him in this strange place and then touch him without his permission. With the Force, Kylo shoves Hux back and away from him, satisfied when Hux hits the wall with a thud, though less satisfied when Captain Phasma bursts in, obviously having heard the noise. She’s quick to Hux’s side, steadying him from the obvious dizziness from banging his head. “Emperor! My liege, are you injured?” She asks, her voice slightly echoed through her helmet, her uniform polished and shinier than Kylo remembers— Kylo’s chest clenches. Emperor? Emperor Hux ? What of the Supreme Leader? What of the Resistance? His mind blurs, wondering whether he’s somehow been taken captive in an alternate reality. “I’m fine, Phasma,” Hux says, rubbing the back of his head. “An accident, that’s all. Fetch the medic for me. I sense that all is not as it seems.” “Yes, sir,” Phasma replies and hastily leaves the room, though not before giving a glare to Kylo, though Kylo ignores her. He looks back up at Hux, snarling. They stare at each other, though Kylo admits that his gaze is harsher than Hux’s…Hux’s pale green eyes are soft, so soft, like looking at a lover rather than a rival. “I said, explain yourself,” Kylo repeats, his tone dark, a warning. Hux pulls his gloves on tighter, straightening his white jacket. “Not before you tell me what you’re playing at,” Hux says, folding his hands behind his back. “You call me General , pull away from my touch and throw me against a wall. If this is how you plan on treating your husband, then I take tremendous pity on your enemies.” This time, Kylo thinks he may actually pass out. Eyes wide, he looks down to his left hand, seeing a shining ring on his finger. It’s silver, a darker border around the top and bottom of the band with a tiny but shimmering red stone in its centre. Even with the Force still hovering strangely around him, Kylo can feel a small spark of electricity resonating from the little stone. A kyber crystal; a miniscule piece embedded within the silver of his ring. He immediately looks to Hux’s left hand to see an identical ring, the same silver band with red stone, pulled on over his gloves. This is impossible, Kylo thinks. He despises Hux with all his strength; this interfering, stubborn wench, always getting in his way of the Supreme Leader’s approval, of becoming the man that his grandfather would be proud of. “Ren,” Hux says softly, sitting down on the edge of the bed next to Kylo, their hips touching. Kylo scuttles away, and Hux flinches like he’s been hit. “What’s the last thing you remember?” “ You,” Kylo spits. “I’d finished interrogating the scavenger girl, reporting to the Supreme Leader, when you arrived and humiliated me in front of him. Like you enjoy doing. I don’t remember how I got here. Now, tell me what the hell is going on.” Hux stares at him with wide eyes, watery eyes, mouth hanging open. His face has turned completely white, but Kylo won’t be taken in by this façade. ‘ 8 years,’ Hux is broadcasting loudly, his words accompanied with a tremendous heartache. ‘ 8 years gone.’ “No… Ren . You were brought into the medical wing three days ago with head trauma from a recent mission gone wrong. You’ve been unconscious ever since. You must remember,” Hux says, hand hovering in the air for a brief moment before lowering it back down into his own lap. Lifting his hand, Kylo gingerly feels on a tender spot on the left side of his forehead, finding a bacta patch over, what he presumes to be, a head wound. “ Mission? I don’t…Where have you brought me to?” Kylo repeats, hissing slightly when he presses too hard on his own wound. He remembers nothing of a mission, nothing of feeling anything but hatred towards Hux, and yet here he is; wedding ring and all. “Our home,” Hux says, glancing out the window. Kylo follows his gaze but no memories return to him. All he sees is a light blue sky, white clouds and luscious green gardens. But he feels nothing. “The royal residence on Rosiuum III. The most secure palace ever to have existed. You helped design it.” Kylo huffs, slightly overwhelmed. “And what has the Supreme Leader to say about all of this?” Hux opens his mouth, then closes it immediately. “Ren, my darling . Snoke is dead. You killed him yourself. Don’t you remember?” Hux reaches out, bravely this time, and flattens his palm over the top of Kylo’s hand. Kylo feels sick. His master is dead by his own hand? It’s definitely a bitter and twisted reality that he’s been sent to. This can’t be real, can’t be. He can’t bring himself to look up at Hux, at the man he’s betrothed himself to, bonded himself to. He despises the look in Hux’s pale eyes, the look that’s telling Kylo that everything is true. Hux is Emperor, Kylo is his husband, and the Supreme Leader is dead. “Don’t touch me,” Kylo barks, pulling his hand away from Hux’s with a sharp tug, climbing back onto the bed to sit against the headboard, knees drawn up. “This can’t be true. You hate me. ” Through their bond, Kylo feels the painful spike of Hux’s distress, the epitome of his sadness reached. It’s vile, Kylo thinks, having a mind as untamed and as impure as Hux’s latched onto his own like this, burdening him with his own issues. “However you’ve managed to attach your mind to mine, I suggest you let go before I remove you,” Kylo snarls, knowing that it’d be painful for Hux, but he doesn’t care. “What?” Hux asks, and Kylo feels his confusion. “Your mind,” Kylo repeats, annoyed. “Shield it from me, General, or else.” “You haven’t taught me how to do that,” Hux says, shaking his head. His fists clench on his lap though Kylo has already noticed their shakiness. “You said you wanted to sense me, feel me, at all times— ahh! ” Losing the last ounce of patience halfway through Hux’s ramblings, Kylo summons his darkest of energies and erects the strongest of shields around his own mind, severing the invisible thread that connects Hux’s mind to his own, obviously causing some discomfort to the latter, but Kylo merely puts that down to Hux’s weakness. “R-Ren,” Hux’s voice quivers as he speaks. His eyes begin to water, his palm pressed against his right temple. “What have you done ?” “I’ve shielded myself from you and your obnoxious mind,” Kylo replies. “And I’d appreciate it if you left me to rest.” Before Hux can reply, there’s a knock on the door and a medic enters before waiting for permission. “Oh!” She exclaims, her dark framed glasses slipping down her nose. “My Lords. I didn’t know you were engaged in conversation. My apologies for intruding—” “No, no,” Hux says, standing from the bed, sniffling, flexing his nervous fingers. “I’ve been called to attend a matter elsewhere. I leave him in your capable hands.” He turns to Kylo and, for a moment, Kylo thinks he’s going to kiss him. But Hux merely backs away, all the while keeping his gaze locked with Kylo’s, as though breaking it would mean something awful. “Rest easy, Ren. I’ll check back on you later.” “Don’t bother, Emperor, ” Kylo chides. “I’m sure your presence is needed somewhere else rather than at my bedside.” Hux gives a chuckle of derision. “Never.” And with that, Hux leaves, his cape swishing out behind him, and Kylo gets the feeling that it’s for his benefit, but all he feels is angered by the performance, remembering how Hux used to fan his greatcoat out as he walked to make himself seem superior— He looks down at his left hand, holding it out in front of him, assessing the way the silver shines as the sunlight hits it, the way the crystal gleams. “The rarest ore in the galaxy, I hear,” the medic says, sitting down on the edge of the bed as she begins to assess Kylo’s head wound. “Is it true that the little red gem is from your old lightsaber, sir? I overheard Emperor Hux talking about it once. A piece of the heart of one of the deadliest of weapons, now residing in the rings of the Emperor and his faithful Knight. It really is beautiful, if you don’t mind my saying so, sir.” Kylo hums in response, unknowing of whether he’s agreeing or not. The medic clears her throat, tucking a piece of her blonde hair behind her ear. “Your wound is healing accordingly,” she says, her gloved hands removing the bacta patch from Kylo’s forehead to reveal a line of stiches, held together with thin strips of white tape. “How are you feeling, Master Ren?” Kylo hears her question but struggles to find the words to reply. He stares at his ring, a hole in his chest where something irreplaceable has been lost. “I…I can’t remember. I can’t remember anything.” Notes: EVERYTHING IS F I N E (◕‿◕✿) You know how much I love angst. My tumblr is @solohux ❤️ Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The moment Hux steps out of the medical wing, he has to grab onto the wall for support, fearing his legs may give out from underneath him. He breathes heavily, eyes blurring, chest aching, going over the last few minutes in his mind. Kylo doesn’t remember him; he remembers the cold and heartless General Hux, remembers the hatred that once consumed them both but nothing of the last eight years they’ve spent together . Their first time in bed, the first time Hux told him ‘ I love you’, their proposal, their wedding. Nothing, now an empty space in Kylo’s mind. Hux pays no mind to the tears falling down his cheeks as he walks through the halls of his fortress; none of his staff would dare say a word to him anyway. Most of them are the personnel from the Finalizer, those who gave their full support to both him and Kylo when they announced their rebellion against Snoke and who now bow to Emperor Hux and his loyal knight, Kylo Ren. Loyal. Hux would never have dreamed that an injury would cause almost a decade of loyalty to be ripped away from him. He looks down at his ring, identical to the one that Kylo used to refuse to take off, and sighs. The way the new Kylo had looked at him, sneered at him, had felt like a spear through Hux’s chest; Kylo hasn’t looked at him with anything else but a resonating admiration in years. But it’s true, Hux thinks, that he’d hated Kylo once—and he’s aware that the feeling was very much returned—but things changed after Starkiller, after they’d both been so vulnerable that there was almost no other choice than to find comfort in each other. Killing Han Solo had only made Kylo weaker, and with Hux still reeling from the loss of his life’s work, holding onto one another seemed the only thing left to do. How the mighty fall, Hux thinks. And, oh; Kylo had made him feel so mighty. He dawdles around the palace for an hour and a half before deciding to return to the medical wing, though fearful that Kylo’s condition has only worsened. Would it be possible for him to lose more memories? Will Hux walk into his room and Kylo will demand to be called ‘ Ben’? Will he demand that the evil Emperor release him from his captivity to return to his mother? Hux suppresses a shiver, his body feeling suddenly cold. Even when they were enemies, Hux had never once hesitated to face Kylo Ren, not until this moment. Hands shaking, Hux knocks on the door to Kylo’s private medical room, entering before hearing a response. Kylo is no longer in the bed; he’s stood alarmingly straight by the window, still wearing his white hospital gown, looking down with a harsh gaze to the gardens below whilst a male medic stands by the bed, flicking through notes on his datapad. “Ah. Your Grace,” the medic bows. “I was just about to call for you. I’ve assessed Master Ren’s health and I’ve made the decision to discharge him from our care.” “What?” Hux asks, feeling elated all of a sudden. “Is he—? I mean, does he remember everything?” Hux tries to keep his voice down though he admits it’s difficult. If the medic has deemed Kylo healthy enough to be discharged, then does that mean—? But Kylo huffs quietly and strides into the adjoining refresher, closing the door behind him. Hux stares at the ‘fresher door, almost willing him to come back out. “I’m afraid not, sir,” the medic says with a shake of his head and Hux’s world implodes for the second time that day. “He says that he does not even remember the Starkiller attack.” “I see. So why do you think he’s fit enough to be let go?” Hux folds his arms over his chest. “There’s nothing we can do for him, sir. Retrograde amnesia is a difficult condition, especially when it’s the result of a cranial trauma, and it becomes undoubtedly more complicated when the Force is involved. We…aren’t sure whether the blow to his head even caused the loss of his memories. The Force is…well, it’s unpredictable, sir. We aren’t trained to handle Force-users, no medic is. We can advise him on how to help the memories return to him but…I’m sorry, Emperor.” Hux says nothing in response, only casts his gaze downward to the ground, suppressing the urge to either scream or sob. “Very well,” Hux says, and looks up. “Is there anything I can personally do to aid his recovery?” “Talking will help more than you think,” the medic replies. “Explaining past events to him. There may even be items that will act as cues to bring his lost memories back. But I must tell you, my liege, that…there is a possibility that Master Ren’s memories will not return.” “The spirit of the First Order is built entirely upon possibilities,” Hux says, already being fully aware that their chances of recovery are slim. Idle hope has never looked so good. The door to the ‘fresher opens suddenly, making Hux jump in surprise, even more so when Kylo emerges in his soft black leggings, scruffy lace-up boots and a baggy, hooded top. His eyes look worn, tired, even more burdened that Hux is used to seeing them. Kylo’s brown eyes have only warmed since he and Hux began their life together, grown softer as he grows happier, and Hux can still see that glimmer in his husband’s eyes, albeit fading. “I wish to be shown to my chambers,” Kylo says, gaze falling anywhere except for Hux’s face. “I’ll take you,” Hux answers, and holds the door open for Kylo— for his husband— who merely brushes past him without so much as another word, but the sensation of having Kylo’s body touch his for even just a brief second is almost electric. Hux walks slowly next to Kylo, taking the long way around to their shared chambers on the top floor of their four-story fortress, wanting as much time with his knight as possible. He searches his mind for the right words to say, for the first thing he should let Kylo know—that he loves him? That he’s safe here? That Hux will tear the galaxy apart if it meant giving Kylo his memories back? But by the time Hux plucks up the courage to speak, they’re outside the grand brown doors to their room. “Here,” Hux says, halting outside the door and turning to face Kylo. “These are our chambers.” “Ah. Shared. Of course,” Kylo comments, gazing up at the extravagant door in front of him and then down to his wedding ring, staring at it as though it’s been put there without his consent. “Yes.” Kylo stares down at the ground. “There must be a vacant room I can sleep in. I do not believe that the two of us staying together would be a good idea.” Another spear through the chest. “Ren.” Hux’s hand twitches, seeking Kylo’s, but ignores it. “Look, I understand this must be difficult for you but I only wish to help you. I’m not the man you used to hate. Believe me.” “Are you going to show me to another room or should I find one myself?” Kylo’s entire demeanour is defensive. Shoulders tense angled slightly away from Hux’s body, his fingers flex anxiously by his sides. He looks skittish, even, Hux thinks, like he may spook and bolt if Hux isn’t too careful with his handling of him. Hux sighs, defeated. “Fine. We’ve got guest bedrooms on the lower floor. This way.” This time, Kylo stays one step behind Hux until they reach another door, and Hux feels like there’s a stranger following him, a shadow he doesn’t know, a ghost, an empty shell that’s waiting to be refilled with the emotion it once knew. “This place is too big,” Kylo states, and Hux looks back over his shoulder to see him gazing around at the tapestries on the walls with a frown on his face. “Well. There are precisely 450 rooms in the entire fortress, including 19 state rooms, 52 principal bedrooms, 188 staff bedrooms, 92 offices, 12 dining rooms and 78 bathrooms,” Hux recites, slightly hurt that Kylo is practically insulting the castle that he helped design. It’s definitely not the first time someone has asked about the grandness of his—and Kylo’s—home; but it’s the first time he’s repeated it to Kylo himself. Kylo whistles in response. “Ren? Could I…invite you to dinner this evening?” Hux asks hesitantly. “It may give us a chance to talk things over—” “I’m not hungry. I’d appreciate it if I was left to rest. And have my belongings sent down here.” Hux frowns. “Your…belongings?” “ Yes. My lightsaber, my helmet, whatever else you’ve taken from me whilst I was comatose. I want them back.” Remembering that Kylo recalls nothing after his interrogation of the scavenger girl, Hux swallows hard, unknowing of how Kylo is going to take his next confession. “Ren, your lightsaber was lost on your mission. And, you haven’t worn a helmet in years,” Hux says, unable to stop his gaze from travelling the length of the scar on the knight’s pale face. “After the Starkiller incident, after your scar, after we became something, you chose not to cover your face any longer.” Kylo takes a step backwards, eyes burning. “Now I know this is all a lie,” Kylo huffs. He looks down at his open palm as though puzzled by his own flesh. “I’d never willingly uncover my identity to anyone, especially not someone as weak-willed as you, General. I warn you, do not disturb me.” Hux’s mouth falls open as he stares in shock at Kylo, who pushes the door to the bedroom open before sliding through the gap and slamming it closed in Hux’s face. Heaving for breath, Hux presses his fist against his forehead, the pressure in his head growing almost unbearable; a pounding and relentless headache that’s only been worsening since Kylo had woken up with his memories lost. This is a nightmare, Hux thinks, and there’s seemingly no way of waking up, only ways of drowning further in its maw. Once he’s managed to blink away the blurriness of his vision, Hux slumps off to his chambers, locking the door quickly behind him once he’s inside. He unclips his cape and allows it to pool around him on the floor, striding away from it and towards the cabinet on the left-hand side of the room, unable to look at the grand bed in the centre, dreading sleeping alone in its soft black sheets. He opens the glass doors of the fine wooden cabinet, pushing all other bottles of alcohol aside to the one at the very back, the one Hux had bought especially a few years ago when it looked as though a terribly-injured Kylo wouldn’t make it through the night. It’s a whiskey—named ‘Sunset Whiskey’— and it shimmers a dark gold in its clear bottle. Its alcohol concentration is supposedly doubled in strength during its creation, making even the hardiest of creatures succumb to its powerful taste. Hux isn’t quite sure which system it even comes from, but he’s in need of it now. Since he’d purchased it from an illegal marketplace on a dingy planet, Hux has kept it at the back of his drinks cabinet, saved for the one occasion where he’d want his consciousness to drown in liquid pain. Kylo’s death. //////////////// After running a pool of freezing cold water into his sink, Kylo cups some of it in his hands and splashes it onto his face, repeating the action over and over again until his skin begins to hurt. “Wake up,” he whispers to himself. “Wake up.” He looks up, staring at his reflection in the mirror, but finding he doesn’t recognise the person looking back at him. The man in the mirror is scarred, literally, a faint gash down the centre of his face that leads down onto his neck and shoulder. His eyes are soft, a happiness behind them that Kylo has never known. His body even feels bigger than he remembers; more muscle, more strength, more fight. The only cause that Kylo ever remembers fighting for was that of the Supreme Leader and his Knights of Ren, but he’d never truly accomplished anything for them. But for Hux? Kylo has seemingly conquered the galaxy. He dries his face, and goes back to his bed, slightly amazed that the quarters he’s been staying in are bigger than that of his on the Finalizer. He flops down onto his back, staring up at the ceiling, idly bringing his hand up to trace down the scar on his face. He wonders how it came about; how anyone could possibly get so close to him during combat as to mark him like this. Hux would know. Kylo shakes off the thought of the former General with a quick shake of his head and a low groan. It’s been three days since he slammed the door on Hux, and he’s been avoiding him ever since. He can’t abide the way Hux looks at him; like he’s the most important thing in the galaxy, like he’s in love with him. It’s not the way that Hux is supposed to look at him, Kylo thinks. Hux’s gaze is supposed to be cold and harsh, like the way a predator would look at its prey before it’s devoured, not warm, and certainly not loving. Kylo turns over to lie on his side, and the faint glimmer of the crystal in his ring catches his eye. Somehow, Kylo hasn’t been able to bring himself to remove it, despite it meaning nothing to him. ‘ But it means something to Hux,’ he thinks, sitting up, uncomfortable. With a heavy sigh, Kylo crosses his legs and folds his hands together in his lap, seeking out the quietness of meditation once again, wondering whether this time will be any different from the previous half-a-dozen. Ignoring his furiously painful headache, Kylo closes his eyes and focuses only on the sound of his own breathing and the feeling of the Force around him like live electricity. Ben Organa-Solo had been taught the ways of gentle meditation, but that was the Jedi way. Kylo can feel his anger and rage being concentrated into one sphere of power, fuelling his feelings, heightening his senses until all he can feel is the Dark Side binding him together like an ancient riddle that’s refusing to be solved. “I seek truth,” Kylo whispers, imagining himself sitting in an empty room, awaiting someone to enter and show him the pathway he desires. “Show me. I need it.” The words he speaks are no different from his meditation sessions from the last few days, the sessions that have only brought more pain and more emptiness to his already-barren mind. But suddenly, Kylo’s headache subsides almost all at once, and he groans at the abruptness of its disappearance. He opens his mind’s eye and sees he’s not alone in the room he’d imagined himself sitting in. Hux is here now too, sat cross-legged in the middle of a plush bed with black sheets, his red hair dishevelled and eyes red-rimmed. “Give him back to me,” Hux says, fingers intertwined in his lap, gazing down at his wedding ring. “I need my Kylo here. I need him to love me again, I’m empty without it, I feel so lost. What’s been taken from him—I’ll do anything to give it back. I’m begging. Someone. Help him.” Hux’s shoulders tremble as he cries, teeth gritted and tears dripping down his cheek and onto his folded hands. Kylo can only stare, both in shock and in pity, at the man in front of him, feeling a strange sensation spreading through his chest that’s telling him to sweep Hux up and never let him go. The memories that Kylo has left of Hux, the ones that depict him as cruel and heartless and utterly indifferent towards Kylo Ren, are not of the man in front of him. The Hux that Kylo remembers would certainly not have sat alone in his palace, with jewels and power and wealth in incredible surplus, crying over his lost lover. Kylo even remembers believing that Hux is possibly even incapable of loving, that he’s nothing more than a lifelike droid, only with a despicable sneer and an unrelenting hate for Kylo Ren. But looking at Hux in front of him, Kylo realises that he’s been wrong; about everything. No tricks, no illusion, no manipulation. A simple wound to the head has erased the last 8 years of his life, ripped the happiness from him and reverted him back to the broken boy he used to be before Hux found him. “I’m here, Hux— Armitage,” Kylo whispers, feeling his own tears wet his cheeks. “Help me.” Just as Hux looks up, though seemingly staring straight through Kylo, the scene fades and he gasps, his body jolting forwards as though he’s been physically pushed out of his vision. His dark eyes are wide, seemingly unseeing as he focuses himself back into reality, finding no new memories have surfaced. But he knows where to begin. It’s late in the evening, and the sun of Rosiuum III is low in the blue sky, sitting comfortably on the horizon to make way for its three moons to take centre stage. Kylo scuttles off the bed, ignoring the newfound weakness in his legs, to grab the datapad that Hux had brought to him with a few of his belongings three days ago. He taps his messaging application, seeing that the only conversation there is with Hux. Clicking on his name, Kylo has a quick read of the past messages, feeling as though someone else has written them, but he quickly reminds himself of his mission. REN, K. [1902]: Is the offer for sharing dinner still available? He stares at the bottom of the conversation, waiting for Hux’s reply, hoping that he’ll be given the chance to recover what’s been lost. Breathing heavily, he keeps the image of Hux crying on his bed in the forefront of his mind, knowing that it means something to him now, that Hux is no longer just another empty face that Kylo is supposed to fight against. They’re partners, in every sense of the word. In life, in love and in the war. The datapad beeps. HUX, A. [1902]: Always, Ren. My chambers or yours? REN, K. [1903]: Ours. Notes: OKAY so I know I said that updates for this would be quick and it's sorta been a while...but that's because I've changed the plot for this fic. I did some reading around on Wookiepedia and had another idea for the ending for this fic. It's still going to be happy, don't worry! Just, the journey there and the solution itself is going to be different. So, I'll add extra character tags as they come in, but Luke, Leia, Rey & Finn will be in the story later on, when they weren't previously going to be. I absolutely promise that the twist and ending I've got planned are much better than what I previously had in mind. ヽ(๑◠ܫ◠๑)ﾉ Thank you for sticking with me! My tumblr is @solohux ❤️ Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The walk up to Hux’s chambers is a long one, Kylo decides, despite it only being a few floors up but each step through the corridors of his palace only makes Kylo feel more unnerved, a stranger among the walls that he built. Still, he does his best to remain calm and open, keeping the image of a distraught and begging Hux at the very front of his mind to fuel his determination to get to the bottom of whatever had happened to him. Finally reaching the grand door to Hux’s—and his own, he supposes—bedchambers, Kylo brings his hand up and knocks quietly three times before taking a step back, like a devious cadet waiting for permission to enter their principal’s office. He may as well be, he thinks. He has just as much familiarity with that scenario as he does with this one: none. As though Hux himself has been hesitating on the other side of the door, he opens it much too quickly and the small breeze from the movement wafts his copper hair out of place, giving him a swooped fringe. Kylo quickly takes in the image of the supposed Emperor, standing before him in grey sweatpants and a baggy burgundy t-shirt, looking less regal than ever. “ Ren ,” Hux exclaims, pushing his hair back, giving Kylo a gentle smile. “I’m glad you came.” Kylo says nothing in response, only nods once solemnly before brushing past Hux to get into the room. It’s as lavish as Kylo had expected; primarily black décor with red accessories, some gold. It’s almost like its own single-floored house; main living area with rooms branching off to the left and right. “I’ve ordered dinner for us both,” Hux says, closing the door gently. “I hope you don’t mind. I was under the impression that your food preferences won’t have been changed since…” “That’s fine,” Kylo mutters, immediately chastising himself for his reserved response. He tugs his hooded cape off and Hux immediately holds his hand out to take it from him, moving to hang it next to the door. “I’m sure you know what I like.” Hux hums. “Would you like a drink?” Hux gestures to his grand drinks cabinet, filled with wines and ports, all looking incredibly expensive. Kylo shakes his head. “I don’t drink.” Hux’s expression falls for a moment but then recovers. “ Right. Of course you don’t. I remember.” As Hux grabs a bottle of red wine for himself, Kylo frowns. Does he drink? He chooses not to, knowing that it has consequences for his connection with the Force, heightening his senses to the point where he feels almost overwhelmed by it. But from Hux’s response, Kylo wonders whether that’s changed, that being ‘ free’ from Snoke has made him a little more carefree when it comes to alcohol. “You can sit down, Kylo. It’s alright,” Hux says, lowering himself down onto the plush sofa, sipping from his own glass of wine. For a moment, Kylo wants to scream that everything is not alright, but he refrains, remembering that Hux is his husband, and he’s only trying to help. Gingerly, Kylo sits down beside Hux, being conscious to leave a gap between them, though Kylo sits rigidly straight, hands flat on his thighs. “What made you change your mind?” Hux asks, putting his glass down. “I…had a vision,” Kylo says, looking anywhere but at Hux. He remembers the way Hux had looked in that empty space, trembling and begging for someone to help save Kylo. “You were there. And you weren’t how I remember you. And I thought…Maybe you aren’t lying about what we’ve become, about what I’ve lost. And I want to know.” Kylo decides to stop before he gets too grieved by the thought of having something good for once but not being able to remember any of it. He looks up at Hux finally, and finds that he doesn’t feel repulsed by him. He takes in Hux’s features whilst there’s a comfortable silence between them; the softness of his green eyes, the shimmer of his red hair and the elegant sharpness to his cheekbones. And…the freckles? Kylo hadn’t even been aware that Hux has freckles, but now he strangely finds himself comparing them to stardust. And once Kylo confesses that he wants to know what he’s lost, Hux’s eyes seem to brighten. “Well, the doctors said that talking about what you don’t remember may help trigger some things,” Hux says, nodding. “So, um, if you want to ask questions then I’ll do my best to answer then in as much detail as I can.” Kylo can sense Hux’s hope trying to filter through into his mind, but he doesn’t want to get in too deep yet. “From the beginning, maybe?” Kylo fidgets and Hux nods. “So, Starkiller?” Their dinner arrives halfway through Hux’s recount of the Starkiller attack, and the pair move into the adjoining dining room to eat. They sit opposite each other at the square table, its dark wood giving it an old look but Kylo can see that no expense has been spared here either. “You took a handful of Stormtroopers to the oscillator chamber to intercept the Resistance’s ground assault group but…you encountered an issue before you were able to stop them from detonating their bombs,” Hux says, voice trailing off as he picks at the vegetables on his plate. Kylo frowns, taking a gulp of his water. “An issue?” “Yes. A miniscule problem. So, the oscillator was damaged—” “Hux, wait,” Kylo says, shaking his head, feeling a cold sweat appearing on his skin, though it isn’t his own panic that’s bothering him; it’s Hux’s. “There’s something you’re not telling me.” Hux sips as his wine, eyes downcast, which only seems to make Kylo more worried. What’s Hux trying to hide from him? “It was your father.” Kylo’s chest clenches, his stomach churns. Han Solo, the man Kylo has waited years to confront, and now has no memory of their meeting. “My…” Kylo cuts himself off, refusing to call him by the title he never deserved. “He was there— why?” “He was part of the ground squad who came to rescue the scavenger and destroy the oscillator. Ren, I’m not going to hide this from you but, please, take some deep breaths.” Hux reaches across the table and places his hand over Kylo’s, his wedding ring gleaming in the low light of the dining room from the candelabra above them. Kylo looks to their hands and then up to Hux, utterly confused at the softness that Hux is showing him. “Han Solo…is dead,” Hux exhales, speaking slowly, quietly, and Kylo wonders whether Hux hears his mind roar. “By your hand, Ren.” “What?” Kylo breathes heavily, his consciousness churning to try and process something so monumental that he doesn’t remember. He pulls his hand away from Hux’s, eyes wide and seemingly unfocused, feeling a strange sensation in his chest, a mix of anger and grief, of confusion and betrayal, like it’s a stranger who’s murdered his father rather than himself. “Ren, breathe,” Hux demands, albeit softly. “I know how you’ve struggled with this. You think it should’ve made you stronger but it didn’t. I’ve seen the way it torments you, but that event is a part of you, and you have a right to know.” Kylo hears Hux’s words but he doesn’t reply, hyperventilating consuming his chest and setting his mind alight. “No, I do remember, I—” Kylo gasps in pain, scrunching his eyes closed. There’s a strangely uncomfortable sensation that’s spreading through his mind, as though the Force is trying to push the memories back into his fragile mind. Torn apart, help me, thank you. Red blade, pierced chest, a hand on his cheek. Wicked act. Weakened. Bowcaster. It comes back to him in shattered fragments, a complex puzzle where its pieces are refusing to give him the full picture regardless of how hard he tries. There’s a ringing in his ears, a shakiness to his hands, as it’s as though Kylo is back there on the bridge in the oscillator chamber, on his knees from being shot by Chewbacca, both his body and soul bleeding out from the wound. But there are comforting hands holding him this time as he kneels on the floor with his arms wrapped around his stomach, unlike last time. “Ren, say something!” Kylo opens his eyes and looks up through his tears, seeing Hux—the Emperor— on his knees in front of Kylo, hands like vices around his biceps, a physical promise of protection. “ I did it,” Kylo breathes. His voice sounds as though his throat is raw, and Hux is quick to hand him a glass of water to help. “I killed Han Solo.” Hux nods once, hushing Kylo quietly when his hands begin to shake again. “You did,” Hux answers, taking the glass from Kylo before he spills it. “And I was , and still am , proud of you for conquering that part of you. You’ve told me what your childhood was like. You did what you had to do, Ren.” Kylo stares at the ground, still imagining his father in front of him, the power he’d felt when he’d stabbed him through the chest with his own lightsaber, and the way he’d sunk deeper than ever before once Han’s lifeforce had truly been extinguished. He remembers— he remembers. “What of General Organa?” Kylo asks hesitantly, wondering what other blood he keeps on his hands. “She lives,” Hux says, and Kylo can tell that he’s attempting to keep the disdain from his tone. “Still fighting with the Resistance, along with your uncle and your cousin.” “My…cousin?” Kylo blinks. He has no cousin. Hux nods. “The scavenger. Rey Skywalker. She and the traitorous Stormtrooper are the new Jedi, trained by your uncle.” “Rey …Skywalker?” Her words to him echo throughout his cold mind, taunting him harder now than they did before. ‘You’re afraid that you will never be as strong as Darth Vader!’ Cousin. She’s his cousin, blood related, the same blood as Vader, the same power in her as in him. Kylo’s mind is sent into complete disarray and he groans, pushing the heels of his fists against his forehead. Before he can fight it, he becomes lost in an unsolvable maze in his mind, running around corners trying to get to the centre where its as though his soul waits for him, waiting to turn him back into the person he’s meant to be, where truths of his life wait for him to reclaim them and become the person he once was, but he only ever meets dead ends where horrendous dark shadows claw at him. He keeps running, running, has to find out who he is— Han Solo dead, Rey Skywalker, Vader’s heir, Emperor Hux, husband —. Kylo thinks he hears himself screaming though his mouth remains clamped shut, still trying to escape from the shadows that reach out for him as though wanting to steal more of him away. “No, no, I need to remember, should remember, too weak, this can’t be right—” Only when Kylo feels the tears on his own cheeks does he feel truly lost, doubting whether he’s even Kylo Ren anymore, a mere imposter living in the body of the Hound of Emperor Hux. “Ren, Ren. Ren. ” It’s the voice that Kylo believed he was seemingly programmed to hate, a voice that he’s so used to grating against the inside of his skull—‘ careful, Ren,’— and fuelling his distress until he’s torn apart a communications console and his body aches. But that same voice is now tender, soothing, guiding Kylo back from the edge with tremendous softness. “ Ren, hush now, come on, listen to my voice. Breathe slowly. Come back to me.” Silk fingers are slipping around Kylo’s wrist, bringing his shaking hand upwards to be set down upon a chest, the feeling of an oddly familiar heartbeat thrumming against his fingers. “In time with me, Ren. Like we always do. In, and out. Breathe, that’s it.” Kylo finds his breathing steadying out as he concentrates on the feeling of the heartbeat, steady and strong, as though it’s beating solely for him. “Hux…I—” “Ssh, Ren, not now,” Hux replies, fingers softly holding onto Kylo’s wrist, his other hand combing through Kylo’s dark hair as though nothing has been lost between them. “Whatever you want to say, it can wait. Focus on me, deep and slow breaths, hmm.” Oddly, Kylo nods and obeys, even closing his eyes when Hux tells him to in order to aid his calming. But opening them slowly, he can’t help but see Hux differently; like a caring husband rather than a stubborn rival. Kylo exhales one final time before finding that his anxiety has left him, for now. “Thanks,” he mutters, silently wanting to keep his hand on Hux’s chest. “How did you—?” “It happens quite a lot,” Hux says with a slight smile, lips curving at one end. “You taught me what to do when you get overpowered and overstimulated.” Kylo hums quietly in response, thinking that he should have guessed that his emotional attacks still happen. But he can’t rid himself of a thought that’s at the very front of his mind: throughout the entire ordeal, Hux’s heartbeat had remained constant and solid, and Kylo suspects that’s what Hux has been throughout his life too. //////////////////// Not wanting to compromise himself again, Kylo convinces Hux to allow them both to sleep in separate rooms for this evening, already feeling a little uncomfortable with being seen in such a vulnerable state by someone who he’s used to competing against. “If that’s what you wish,” Hux nods, swallowing the rest of his third glass of wine. His expression tells Kylo that he’s perfectly happy with his arrangement but he can feel Hux’s disdain rolling off his aura without even trying to read him. “It is,” Kylo replies, rubbing his hands down his thighs, suddenly being aware of them sitting too close on the couch. “I’ve caused you enough bother for one evening.” Hux scoffs. “Never, Ren. But we’ll work on eliminating that attitude again, like we have before.” Kylo frowns, but chooses to ask no further questions, suddenly wanting to sneer at the idea of Hux helping him with his self-esteem. “I should go,” Kylo says and stands up abruptly. “I need sleep, and I’m sure you do too, Emperor. ” Expecting a snide comment, Kylo is surprised when Hux makes no reply at all, but he does manage to pick up on his mental response. ‘ I can’t sleep without you beside me.’ And for the first time since his memories had been lost, Kylo feels guilty. “Yes, well, here,” Hux says, sniffling as though holding back tears. He goes to the door and picks Kylo’s hooded cape off the hook and brings it back to him. “The palace can be cold at night.” “Thanks,” Kylo mutters. To Kylo’s dismay, Hux drapes it over his broad shoulders, making sure that it sits correctly, even brushing away invisible lint from its black fabric. Hux’s ungloved hand lingers around Kylo’s collarbone, thumb gliding over the prominent bone through the thick fabric of Kylo’s clothes. Despite their ‘ bond’ being muted, Kylo can hear Hux’s thoughts, the desperation he’s feeling to touch Kylo all over, the grief that’s consuming him for the lover he’s lost. “Hux,” Kylo whispers, watching Hux’s expression carefully, seeing his pale gaze drift downwards towards his lips. Hux swallows hard, hand cupped around Kylo’s neck, thumb over his throbbing pulse point, leaning in closer and closer until Kylo can smell the wine on his breath. His name is a soft whisper on Hux’s lips as they kiss, Kylo’s eyes widening before drifting closed as Hux controls him, makes him want to melt. The kiss is strange, Kylo thinks. It doesn’t feel like he’s kissing someone he’s in love with; it’s like kissing a stranger, unfamiliar with the way their lips taste, unsure of their movements. But Hux, Hux moans, as though getting oxygen back into his lungs that he’s been deprived of, gasping like breaking through the surface of a dark sea, having finally found his lifeline again. Kylo, regardless of the fact that this feels like his first kiss, can’t deny the way his innards are melting, the way his heart is beating wildly and only getting faster as his mind focusses on the situation—Hux’s lips, his hand on Kylo’s neck, his hungry sounds. “I’m sorry,” Hux suddenly says, pulling away, covering his mouth. He shakes his head. “I shouldn’t have done that. That wasn’t fair of me.” Kylo hides his disappointment well. “No, it’s okay,” he protests but Hux has already stepped away from him. “I know…I know you still see me as the man you fell in love with.” Hux looks up slowly, folding his arms around himself as though wanting to be held but knowing he’s alone. “That’s because you are, ” Hux says, voice trembling on the last word. Sighing and shaking his head, he steps to the door and opens it. “Goodnight, Ren.” Kylo feels a cold chill on his skin as he stares at Hux, whose gaze is firmly locked on the floor, almost willing him to look up at him, as though part of him is screaming in agreement at Hux’s statement— ‘yes, I am, Hux, I’m right here, why can’t you see me’— but Kylo silences himself, tearing himself apart again in conflict of the person he is and the person he’s supposed to be. “Goodnight, Hux,” Kylo says, tone as mundane and as bland as though he’s speaking to General Hux on the bridge of the Finalizer and not to his husband in their own bedchambers. Hux closes the door slowly once Kylo has stepped out, the sound echoing down the corridor. Hesitating to move, Kylo stands still. The last thing he fully remembers is Hux humiliating him in front of the Supreme Leader, yet the sweet taste of Hux’s lips linger on his own, and he craves more. The emptiness in his mind is too strong to ignore, it partially being filled with Hux’s kiss, making Kylo feel… better. His wedding ring, Hux’s soothing heartbeat, their kiss—it’s the fuel that Kylo needs to find himself, to turn back into the Kylo Ren, Hound & Husband of Emperor Hux, the man that he's seemingly become. Kylo leans back against the door, closing his eyes, sighing quietly, completely unaware that Hux is unknowingly mirroring him on the other side of the door. “Please,” they both whisper, not knowing that the other is speaking the same desperate words. “Help him.” Notes: Thank you to @dressesandcarresses for giving me motivation to finish this chapter! ≧◠◡◠≦ So Kylo knows that Hux is a massive part of his life, that their marriage isn't a lie...that Hux actually feels real and genuine things for him. ...But is Kylo going to think of himself as worthy? Can be be the man that Hux loves and needs ? The next chapter is gonna be baaaad! Thank you for reading! My tumblr is @solohux ❤️