introductions “He’s not too soft Han,” Ben’s mother scoffs, “he’s just more attuned to things.” “Attuned to what, Sweetheart?" His father chimes. "The flowers? Kids’ll think he’s a queer if they don’t already. And he’s not a ‘boy’ anymore Leia, you can’t keep letting him hide behind your skirts like he is one.” “You know he’s not hiding ‘under my skirts’-” “He’s sure hiding in his room! When’s the last time he even went outside? It’s not healthy!” Ben sighs, miserably. He draws his knees a little tighter to his chest before pressing his face to their shelter. He's been sitting here in front of his bedroom door for at least the last half hour. As a result his back aches where it's been pressed to the wood, and his ass is numb from too long on the floor, but he continues to ignore both discomforts. He sniffles as quietly as possible so he doesn't any more of the continued argument. He knows he should feel bad for eavesdropping - his mom would without a doubt lecture him if she caught him here - but they're fighting at the base of the stairs, and it's not like he could tune them out if he tried. Beside, the conversation regards Ben's own, immediate future, and as much as he dreads it, it's his right to know. “...You know he hasn’t got many friends his age! Who do you expect him to be spending time with?” “ Exactly, ” Ben’s dad drones, exasperation weighing every word. “He’s not going to make any, either, if you keep enabling him like, like this!” Ben's isolation has been the subject of their fighting all week, and he fears the inevitable climax. (A part of hm still hopes it comes soon however, because he can only tolerate their raised voices for so long, especially knowing that he's the cause.) He fails to see what so wrong with spending the Summer in his room, especially when any attempt to engage with others his age invariably leads to trouble. “There’s nothing wrong with how he’s behaving Han - it’s perfectly normal.” A voice of reason, but the tone his dad uses next makes Ben burn with shame. “Hardly.” Ben digs his nails into his palms in embarrassment, because he knows he’s right. Then his mother speaks: “You’re only saying that because he isn’t like you .” This shuts Ben’s dad up a moment, and halts Ben’s train of thought, too, sending him into an entirely new one. He wonders if this is true, instinct telling him yes, though it’s hard to believe. Is this really why his dad is so upset? And if so would that invalidate everything he said before, or only some things? “Yeah, well…” Dad has lost, regardless. He’s speaking just to defend his ego at this point. Ben knows this much. “You’re raising a girl, is all I’m saying.” Ben sighs and feels, even though he hadn’t heard it, that his mother had too. The actual argument is over now, it seems, as they’re carrying on in lower tones, moving into the kitchen. However, Ben can make out less and less of what they’re saying as a result and this has him anxious. He scrambles over to the vent on the other side of his room, clawing some dirty clothes out of the way before pressing his ear to it. “....didn’t mean it like that Leia, all I’m saying is the kid needs to get out more.... kill me if I try and take him out on The Falcon …” The Falcon is his dad’s RV, one that Ben has been subjected to too many terrible vacations in. It’s falling apart, in constant need of repairs, and stiflingly hot inside. Ben doesn’t know whether he hates the vehicle or the close quarters he has to share with his family more. The only real appeal of the thing is that he gets to drive it behind his mom’s back sometimes, generally when his dad’s in a good mood and his mom’s out for the day. Ben will be able to officially drive after getting his permit in October when he turns sixteen. He wonders, hearing his dad grow agitated again after a cutting response from his mom, if he’ll make it that long. When, cheek pressed to the cold grate of the vent he catches the word “camp” a few minutes later, he decides he definitely won’t. Ben's stomach turns in fear at the suggestion and sitting up, he wonders if he stacked enough furniture up against his door they wouldn't be able to make him go. This fantasy is quickly sabotaged by the all-too-likely reality of his dad taking a ladder to his window instead and dragging him out that way. Ben chews at a hangnail and distractedly stares at his door, wondering how long he'll be able to ignore his hunger and avoid both of them. Twenty minutes later, Ben’s mom calls him down for lunch and he realizes; not very long. It’s as Ben’s biting into a peanut butter and jelly sandwich his mom approaches the subject of summer camp with him directly. Her tone is that of wary compassion, trying to sound sweet but sounding so much so Ben knows she’s about to drop something he won’t like. It’s the tone you approach an unfamiliar animal with. It’s bullshit. When his mom suggests he may “make friends” he glares at her over his milk before slamming the glass down on the table a bit too loudly. Were it not empty, milk would have sloshed out. Ben hates disagreeing with his mom, but she betrayed him, selling him out to Dad like that. There’s no way Ben’s going if he has any say in it. Turns out he has even less say than he thought. Ben flinches after his mom snaps at him for a particularly nasty comment he's made. His voice rises, and hers remains cruelly placating if not sharp. She tells Ben he's going whether he likes it or not, and that she'd better not have to drag him there by his ears. Ben quiets at this, and the tips of his ears flush at the insinuation. He doesn't finish his sandwich. Camp starts just a week later. The drive from Long Beach (where Ben has lived his entire, miserable life) to Camp Endor (which is somewhere near Yosemite, though where, he doesn’t know and doesn’t care because escape seems doubtful) is a grueling one, though his parents, blindly, seem to be enjoying the experience of dragging Ben to a two-week daycare. He sulks in the backseat of his Dad’s ugly Ford Station Wagon, head to the window despite how it rattles his skull. At some point Ben falls asleep, as he wakes hours later, disoriented, to his mother tapping his thigh. Sitting up with a burdened groan and rubbing his cheek, Ben discovers a trail of drool smeared there and a muscle in his neck he’s never been aware of before now stiff and protesting. He frowns, making an effort to rub away both discomforts before surveying his surroundings. They’re in the parking lot of some gas station “only an hour away!” his mother cheerfully supplies. Ben marvels over the source of her excitement, because he definitely isn’t feeling it. Though they’re too close to the camp for comfort and the gas station is about as depressing as they come, Ben opens the door and steps out to stretch, grateful for any excuse to be out of the car at this point, and realizes with a sudden urgency how badly he needs to piss. He chases his mother, already some distance away, in, and scans quickly for the men’s room. He finds it tucked in the back corner next to a rack of newspapers and darts inside. Ben gets back to the car before his parents. While they are still in the mart, paying for gas and probably food, he lays himself out in the backseat and stares at the hole that’s been in the material of the car’s ceiling for as long as he can remember. His hand, naturally, goes to pick at it. The car door digs into his shoulder as he lays. He’s way too tall to really stretch out, and his legs are bent at odd angles (like a bug’s, he thinks, looking over himself) but he doesn’t want to stand idly in the parking lot either. Ben’s almost his dad’s height already, and his mom thinks he’ll grow to be even taller. He isn’t sure he wants this, though. He stands out enough as it is. Involuntarily, Ben’s mind wanders to thoughts of the camp. He wonders if he’ll fit into his bunk, if there will be other boys taller than him, if there will be other boys willing to interact with him at all. Ben tells himself that ultimately he doesn’t care (at least about what the others think of him) but doesn’t entirely believe himself. At the sound of the door handle Ben rips his hand away from the ceiling, hoping the width he’d unconsciously added to the hole isn’t too noticeable. His dad would skin him alive. The man treasures this car second only to The Falcon . It’s his dad who steps in first, though he doesn’t seem to notice, and his mom crawls in just after, paper bag in her hand. Before settling, she hands him a bag of peanut m&m’s which Ben almost feels guilty taking after the arguments they’ve had. They’ve always been his favorite, and she knows. He takes them anyways, and finds a small comfort in popping the first couple into his mouth. After starting the car and rebooting the roaring vents which wash hot air over Ben’s already sweaty form, Dad reaches a hand back to ruffle his “too-long” hair before offering something like a smile. Ben hates it; his scattered, distant attempts at being a dad, but the touch, too. “You ready, kid? Would’ve killed to have gone to one of these back in my day.” His mom rolls her eyes at that comment, giving his dad a mischievous glance that suggests just why he may have been so keen to go. It’s disgusting. Ben grimaces, and sinks in his seat until his dad can no longer reach him and relents. He’d kill not to go, he’s certain. Armitage frowns, though it’s subtle enough to pass for a neutral expression. He’s been wearing the same, impassive face for a while now, monitoring his tone and speech and behavior for too many hours, and he’s growing impatient. Father’s hands rest heavy on his shoulders; subtle, an illusion of fondness, closeness, but in truth just a symptom of the man’s shallow trust in him. He parades Armitage around like a trophy dog, doesn’t allow him to leave his sight, and Armitage is growing less and less guilty for wishing that he’d leave sooner. He sighs as inconspicuously as he can manage. Father has been a Counselor here, at Camp Endor, for as long as Armitage can remember, vicariously reliving his boyhood, Armitage suspects, though as to why he’d felt the need to Armitage had never pinpointed. This would be the first year Armitage would attend free of him, as the man has finally accepted his body is no longer fit for the demands of the job, but he will not be here as a camper. Instead, sixteen now, and soon to be seventeen in October, Armitage attends as a Counselor in Training. It is a title he will wear proudly as it is a title, one that will not only grant him authority over his younger peers but a brief independence from his father, but this isn’t to imply that he wants to be here. For one, Californian summers are deplorable, temperatures reaching insane peaks, and he’s expected to endure them, once again, in wooden cabins without air conditioning. Two, invariably Armitage always returned home with angry, red, sunburnt skin covered in bug bites that more resembled welts. As he bears potentially the fairest complexion of his peers, and he’s never been able to pack weight of any kind, ‘Delicate Armie’ was one nickname boys had been prone to calling him in middle school. Thus, though Father has packed him “sunscreen” (a lotion which supposedly prevents sunburns but that A) is horribly uncomfortable, sticky, and greasy on his skin, B) gives him an awful, even paler glow, and C) Armitage has never seen anyone else use in his life), he intends to pour it down the shower drains as soon as he’s able. He wouldn’t humiliate himself in front of his mostly new group of peers, not now that he finally holds the reigns of his own reputation in his father’s absence. For these few miserable hours Armitage has left under the all-seeing eyes of the man, however, he’ll do as he’s told. Armitage is jostled from his small reverie as he’s prompted forwards by the grip on his shoulders, steered to face a girl who looks to be about his own age. The girl has chin-length blonde hair, a little short for Father’s tastes, Armitage knows. Her smile is tight, and there’s a crinkle to her eyes that suggests amusement at the prospect of knowing something Armitage doesn’t. “Make nice with Jacqueline,” Father prompts. Armitage says nothing yet. “Looks like you two will be sharing a cabin.” There’s a chuckle from the adults in the room at that, an implication that makes Armitage’s face burn in silent loathing. Jacqueline, at least, seems to mirror his distaste, wearing a tight grimace now. They shake hands, and Father pats Armitage a little too hard on the back, still tickled by the idea of whatever he crassly believes will go down in the cabin absent of his supervision. Armitage grimaces but grits through it, for now. It’s not as though he can voice his aversion to women in his defense. Far too much time, and far too many glances to the clock on the wall pass before Father finally leaves, but eventually Armitage finds himself free. It’s a more literal weight off his shoulders. As of current, at three in the afternoon of the first Sunday of camp, Armitage’s responsibilities have not yet begun. Instead, he’s at the end of one of the dining hall’s many picnic tables, accompanied by the three other Counselors in Training he’ll be working with, and doing nothing but staring at the open camp brochures in front of them. Jacqueline, the blonde he shook hands with earlier, sits beside Armitage, seeming about as bored as he is. He’s recently learned through small talk that she prefers to go by her last name, Phasma, instead. He obliges. Both Phasma and Susan Unamo (a rather gaunt and fatigued looking brunette who runs track at her school and is surprisingly good at math) are in charge of the girl’s half of the camp. Things have always been divided by sexes, which Armitage has known. Unfortunately however, the third Counselor in Training and Hux’s partner in leading the boy’s half of the camp is none other than Dopheld fucking Mitaka. Dopheld is, at face value, harmless enough. He does what he’s told with a terrified vigor, but six times out of ten manages to screw up in methods never before even considered a possibility. His quivering demeanor isn’t his fault, entirely (though his incompetence may be). Dopheld’s father is a bitter, declining, disabled veteran of Vietnam and far too fast to reprimand his son for any misdemeanor. Armitage, in his years of knowing Dopheld, has walked an uncomfortable line between pitying him and snapping at him himself. Regardless, Armitage doesn’t know how he made the cut out Counselor in Training, and only prays he won’t fuck things up for him too badly. He almost plans on enjoying himself, here. He won’t have his performance sabotaged by his incompetent co-leader if he can help it at all. Armitage has, at some point, allowed his face to drop into his hands, massaging his temples idly to soothe a headache that hasn’t quite broken but is anticipated. It’s an inevitability, he’s certain, but for now the touch is soothing regardless and one of the few things keeping him awake. The table is quiet, all four of them sitting in general silence and observing the incoming campers but of course, Dopheld, blind to social cues, choses to disrupt the peace to chat pointlessly with Armitage again. “Isn’t that the mayor’s kid?” Armitage’s eyes open, and fingers forming exasperated V’s he glances around just to humor the other. When he spots no one outwardly boasting such a title, he looks tiredly back to Dopheld for help, in truth wishing he would just drop the subject altogether. “Over there,” Dopheld points, too vague to be of any real help. “Jean jacket, dark hair, um kinda… kinda... big ears.” He recoils from his own words as though he’d spoken something far more insulting than the size of a stranger’s features. Armitage sighs, then peeling his face from his hands makes a second effort to spot the boy in question. His eyes eventually land on him, his hair the biggest giveaway. Despite it being grown out past his chin, the tips of his ears still manage to peek through. Large indeed. He’s hardly dressed well enough to be the son of any politician, looking a lot more like he benefits from clothing donated to charity, but then again, by his sunken posture and apparent scowl, he also appears quite spoiled. California’s unfortunately all too full of his type. Armitage wonders if he also surfs . “What’s his name, again?” Armitage asks. Though he uses “again”, he’s positive Dopheld’s never told him. “Uh, Ben Solo. I mean, I think. Overheard-” Dopheld trails off when the boy looks up, despite the growing chatter of the hall appearing to have caught his name. Dark, worried eyes scan wildly for a moment before landing on Armitage who hasn’t looked away yet, hasn’t had his fill. Eyebrows shooting up, confusion contorting his features, “Ben Solo” gives an exquisite impression of a deer in headlights, at least before Armitage’s indifferent stare finally forces him to look away again, hurriedly. “Whoops.” Dopheld offers with a nervous smile, then continues, unphased. “Mayor of Long Beach, I forgot to mention. Have you been to The Pike?” Ben realizes suddenly, overwhelmingly, how badly he wants to be home. As pissed as he is with his mom and dad both, as much as they argued, and as frustrating as his dad is to be around, Ben would do just about anything to be back with them at home right now (or even in the car becuase they are probably still in the process driving back.) The stimulus here is too much. There’s constant movement, whispers, laughs, " hello" s, " can we sits here?" s, " mayor’s kid" s, " organa’s son" s, and " is he even right in the head? '" s . Ben doesn’t know just who figured out his heritage. He guesses someone could have spotted him with his mom in the parking lot (she just couldn’t leave without a goodbye kiss to his forehead Ben had squirmed away from). However they found out, whoever they are, Ben is feeling more and more inclined to punch them for having spread it, because there’s no way he’s escaping it now. Anywhere he goes it seems, the shadow of his parents is inescapable. Ben’s doubly fucked if anyone find about his father’s escapades on the Mexican border. As a kid, Ben used to think it was fun to be able to brag about his parents, but he’s grown to learn that’s all anyone ever cares about, and he’s sick of it. That, and he doesn’t need any more attention brought to himself. Ben has a particular talent for standing out wherever he goes and ostracizing himself through persona alone. Ben wonders what thoughts were running through the head of the redheaded boy whose eyes he’d just met. He’s sure they weren’t positive. Even now, the ginger maintains the faintly derisive sneer that had curled his lips at the sight of Ben. Ben doesn’t know what he did yet to have given the other so bad an impression of him already, only that some, stupid, part of him wishes he could somehow take it back. It’s nearly six by the time the last sets of parents and campers make it in, say their goodbyes, and separate. The Dining Hall is a lot fuller now than it had been when Ben arrived way too early, and the steady chatter that has been building since he came has devolved into a steady roar as more and more kids grow more and more excited. Ben had been afforded some solitude at the end of the table, but the hall is now too packed to accommodate for his personal bubble and he’s sitting way closer to the other campers than he wants. He wants to rise and pace instead, but it’s not a wise idea and there isn’t much room for that, anyways. Ben blows a chunk of hair from his face miserably before resettling his head in his arms and wondering if he can somehow sleep this all off. This dream is dashed soon enough by a shrill whistle to cut through the air. Bitter, bleary-eyed, and agitated, Ben sits up again and looks around. The whistle, blown by an adult Ben guesses is one of the counselors, is followed by an obnoxious, clapped rhythm that the campers are expected to repeat with their own hands. The younger ones do. Only a few others seeming to be around Ben’s age remain unmoving. The camp takes kids as young as eight, Ben had learned, flicking through a pamphlet when the boredom of the trip up here had finally won him over, and maxes out at fifteen, his age, meaning he’s among the oldest here. It makes the whole ordeal even worse, as he guesses this means all of their activities are going to be aimed at younger age groups as well. Bored already, and looking for anything to watch, or listen to beyond the staged, plastic “How are we this evening!” the counselor who had whistled supplies, Ben finds himself searching carefully for the redheaded male he’d had that unpleasant experience with earlier. He spots him, eventually, standing a little to the right of the counselor at the front of the hall beside the same three kids he’d been sitting with earlier. His back is unnaturally straight and his stance is forced as if he’s proud or anxious. Ben reads both off of him. He wonders what purpose the four of them are serving up there, and is answered soon enough. After a brief introduction of the other counselors (whose names Ben has already forgotten) and a quick overview of the camp’s rules, the counselor upfront gestures behind himself to the restless teens and lets them introduce themselves to the kid-packed room. Redhead goes first, announcing himself as “Armitage Hux”, and Ben snorts under his breath at that. He wonders what kind of stuck-up parents you need to be placed into this kind of position and then wonders still what kind of kid you had to be to enjoy it, as Armitage, returning back to his original spot proudly, seems to be. By that ridiculous name alone, Ben wonders if there are in fact worse parents in the world than his own. Dinner is served not long after and having eaten everything else on his tray, Ben pokes at the cold lump of unbuttered mashed potatoes remaining with his fork, listening in on the conversations that surround him. There are two girls immediately to his left who know each other through the previous year’s camp and are chattering back and forth in an ever speeding effort to cover the missed time. Further down the table there’s a group of boys, all new to each other but bonding well enough. Earlier, Ben had wanted to join their conversation, but having learned a lot more about them in the past hour and the dumb topics they bring up, he’s glad he never found the courage. It doesn’t entirely ward off the loneliness Ben feels creeping in, though. Somewhere behind him, Armitage Hux has settled back with his group of “Counselors in Training” (which is a bullshit title if Ben has ever heard one. He doubts they’ll even do much more than fruitlessly try to “lead” the other campers.). Ben catches him sometimes from the corner of his eyes, and catches snippets of the English accent Ben learned he pompously carries from his moment on stage as well, but doesn’t dare look directly at him again. Ben remains bitter, but further down, he knows he won’t survive that kind of embarrassment over. Just being here is enough. It’s not long before there’s a call to clear trays, and before they can settle back into their seats, boys and girls are directed to line up against the opposite walls. Ben, after tossing his tray, shuffles into the boy’s line glumly and watches a pail full of paper slips get passed down, everyone drawing one. The slip Ben draws reads “red”, and Ben waits anxiously to learn its significance. Once the pails reach the end of the line and are recollected, it’s announced the slips correspond to cabin colors and the teams they’ll be representing all of camp. Ben, folding his scrap back and forth over the same crease repeatedly, looks less than hopefully for his bunkmates. He has a sinking suspicion it won’t go over well. Ben settles into his bunk shivering, his still-wet hair plastered in odd curls to his forehead and soaking his shitty, flat pillow pretty steadily through. He never wants to shower here again, tallying this experience onto a list of the worst in his life, but recognizes, despairingly, that he will have to. Tomorrow night, in fact. Though he is already in bed, Ben’s other bunkmates aren’t. Just to his left, annoyingly, a pair of legs dangle from the top bunk he hadn’t fought hard enough for, and it’s shaking the entire frame. Beyond those swaying feet, two other boys run laps around the cabin floor, chased by a third who's doing his best to whip them with the belt he’s got folded in his hand. Their shouts get progressively louder, and Ben guesses they’re oblivious to the Counselors making rounds through the cabins. He can hear them through the cabin walls if he listens hard enough. Pretty soon, there’s footsteps traveling up the creaking, wooden steps of their own cabin, and Ben sighs, pulling his covers all but over his head in an effort to dodge the oncoming storm as best as he can manage. Ben’s bunkmates, naturally, don’t notice until the cabin door swings open and a familiar, clipped voice announces “Light’s out!” Ben’s curiosity wins him over, and subtly as possible he pulls his blanket down to see. Just a few steps from the door, Armitage Hux stands, stance sure as ever and thankfully oblivious to Ben. He’s focused instead, impatiently, on the three boys on the floor who have only just stopped running. There’s silence a moment before a slight snigger from one of Ben’s bunkmates erupts into laughter from all three. It’s exactly what Ben had expected. To Armitage’s credit, he stands his ground, looking altogether unfazed by the event. It’s impressive, if not uncanny. “Light’s go out at 10 pm,” he elaborates, as though the laughter hadn’t happened at all. “Tonight, and all your nights at this camp following, you are expected to be in your bunks by this time. Is this clear?” Ben briefly forgets the cover of his blankets in favor of getting a better view. Armitage holds authority better than half of the counselors Ben’s encountered so far, but he can’t be much older than him, either. He glances to his bunkmates, and his fingers tighten on his blanket on Armitage’s behalf when he sees their smiles haven’t faltered. The bolder of the trio speaks up after a moment, once the shock of Armitage’s entrance has receded. “Is this cleah?” He mocks in a cheap imitation of the Counselor in Training’s voice, meant to mimic his accent but far from accurate. Wide-eyed, Ben glances to Armitage just in time to catch a twitch of contempt pass through his otherwise neutral face. It’s a ripple that begins at his eyebrow and catches his nose and upper lip along the way. Beyond this, he hides his anger surprisingly well. When Armitage releases a quiet breath from his lips, Ben realizes he’s been holding it, perhaps even counting in his head. “Lewis, isn’t it?” Armitage replies eventually. The words are phrased as a question, but the tone is assured unlike one. He knows the name is correct, as does Lewis. Lewis looks, for all the better of him, confused and a good bit wary. “Were I you, Lewis,” Armitage continues. “I wouldn’t have considered myself in a position to be mocking anyone’s speech. I doubt you’ve mentioned it to these boys yet, or ever will, so I’d be glad to recall the speech impediment you carried up until last summer, at the age of fourteen . It’d be a shame to forget such a key piece of your history, would it not be, Woowis? ” Lewis is rigid and maybe a bit pale. His lips are curled, either around the beginning of a retort, or maybe, based on the sudden color rising to his face, a sob. Neither come. The cabin remains silent until Armitage speaks again. “As it were however,” he glances to the clock on the wall opposite the door. “It’s 10:05, and as I mentioned you were expected to be in your bunks five minutes ago.” Nobody moves, but Armitage appears unfazed by this. “Counselor Tarkin makes his rounds behind me. I only thought it polite to give you some warning.” At this, the boys unlock, eyeing their bunks but not yet moving. Only Lewis appears unaffected. “Goodnight Red Cabin,” Armitage finishes in a tone that could almost be considered friendly before exiting. The moment the cabin door shuts behind him, everyone scrambles for their bunks. Ben rolls over, never peeling the blanket from his face and replaying what he’d just witnessed over and over in his head until the faces get blurry and he can no longer recall Armitage’s spiteful tremor quite right. He isn’t sure yet what to make of him, only knows that he’s far more curious than afraid. For his tendencies towards trouble, Ben’s mom has always called him “a moth drawn to flame", and recalling the fiery tones of Armitage’s hair as he finally drifts off, Ben thinks, for once, that she might be right. Notes: there's a moodboard for the fic on my tumblr here . reblog it to embarrass yourself in front of your mutuals. (images reflect ALL chapters, as it was made before I made the decision to divide this into six, so take a peak to see what's ahead.) (no definite date on the next chapter, but you can bet it'll be out within like, an hour of me completing it. comments serve fantastic motivation, though, and are always appreciated.) Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Americana series