Unknown Connections Unknown Connections Much had the First Order robbed him of—a true childhood, a name. He was still in the process of discovering even his own identity, and now added to that was the realization that, on some level, his enemy must have felt it. That day on Jakku, Kylo Ren must have felt the stirrings of the Force within Finn. Of course, he had been referred to as nothing more than FN-2187 at the time, a mere stormtrooper. A pawn, he noted with disdain. Finn sat up straighter on the cot he had been assigned after regaining consciousness in the medical ward. His mind was convinced of one truth: Kylo Ren had denied that Finn truly was Force sensitive, dismissing the notion. Perhaps this had much to do with the fact that, in Finn’s opinion, the Force was not as strong in him as it was in Rey. He felt his stomach flip at the thought of the young woman he had met on Jakku. She had accepted him as a friend even after she had learned that he had lied about being a part of the Resistance—a lie it was no longer. He braced his forearms on his knees and slowly started to stretch his back. It would heal, but it would never be the same. That would not stop him from fighting back against the First Order. He would adapt. His mind was once more on Rey, wondering how she was adapting. She had left before he had regained consciousness; the young woman had sought out Luke Skywalker. Finn’s eyes darted to said man’s sister. General Organa hovered near the doorway. She watched him, observing the way the information sank into his head. He was Force sensitive. Leia had realized it when he had awoken, though she claimed to not nearly be as powerful in the Force as her brother. Still, she was perhaps the only individual who could help him, could teach him. The woman moved closer to him the moment Finn’s shoulders slumped, as though he had accepted all the implications of what had been told to him. The moment the First Order discovered his powers, he would become even more of a target. The thought terrified him more than learning he had the power to begin with. He had already faced off against Kylo Ren—it was how he had come to obtain the injury to his back—and this only increased the odds of that occurring once more. He wanted to be ready for it. ~*~ “Clear your mind.” It was not the first time Luke had used a gentle voice to instruct her this way, to tell her to calm herself. Rey did not argue with her mentor. She pursed her lips, exhaled slowly to give herself some time, and readjusted her posture. Her mind kept wandering back to those she left behind, namely Finn. She had not been able to contact the Resistance; the notion that any transmissions would be traced by the First Order kept her from even attempting. She wanted to know whether or not he was awake. The physicians had assured her that he would be well, and yet… “Rey.” That soft tone again. She opened her eyes to gaze at her mentor, who had a sympathetic expression on his face. Luke gestured to her with his mechanical prosthetic. “I can sense your unease.” “Sorry.” She winced when she spoke the apology; it was, in a way, still strange for her to talk with anyone, to feel embarrassed for anything she might say or do. The opinions of others on Jakku had never much mattered to her in that she had been a loner—trust did not come easily for her. Yet she trusted this man before her in the same way that she had trusted Finn. And Han Solo. Her eyes fell to the ground at that thought. “Your anger…” Rey felt her pupils dilate then return to normal as surprise ran through her. She had not even yet realized that she had been angry—angry at Kylo Ren, who had murdered the man she had viewed as a father figure and then nearly killed Finn. That same anger had been channeled by her in the past, and she had almost murdered Ren in return. Something had stopped her—the ground splitting between them, and something else… Shock had stilled her hand. She did not want to be like Kylo Ren. “I’m afraid,” she said, her brow furrowed. “That…that I will give into that anger.” Luke nodded knowingly; Rey, from what little she had learned about the man, speculated that he, too, struggled with the Dark side of the Force. She wondered how close he had been to giving in when he had battled with it…how many times he had struggled the way she was struggling now. “This is why it is important for you to clear your mind… It helps, Rey.” The amount of patience he had with her endeared Luke to Rey. She felt a small smile tugging at the corners of her lips, and she nodded to indicate that she would try once more. ~*~ “One thing Luke taught me was how to clear my mind…and let me tell you, Finn, it is helpful,” Leia said as she sat with the young man in a secluded part of the forest nearby their base. The sounds of nature echoed around them, punctuated on occasion by the louder noises from the base. It was as close to serene as they were going to get in that moment. Finn tilted his head to the side. “You mean, like…meditation?” “That’s exactly what I mean,” she replied, nodding and grinning. “It helped me through…” The way she trailed off, coupled with the pained expression on her face, allowed Finn to know that her memories had surrounded the late Han Solo. Perhaps even her son, Kylo Ren. Finn was still trying to wrap his head around that—Han Solo and General Leia were both wonderful; he did not understand how or why the man could have turned his back on them. “We weren’t perfect as parents.” Finn straightened his posture, his adam’s apple bobbing as he swallowed. “I—“ “Sometimes… The more one becomes familiar with the Force, you catch glimpses.” Her eyebrows rose and she bobbed her head to the side. “My time as senator also allows me to read those around me.” “I don’t mean to be disrespectful.” He fumbled with his words, trying to think what was proper protocol in these situations. Leia shook her head. Finn felt some of his worry ebbing. “What you meant, though—clearing my mind?” “Meditation, as you said. I figure it would be best to start here…and next time we can have you focus more on diving straight into things.” Leia adjusted her posture, and the young man mimicked her. He followed her lead as she lead him through the steps. The hardest part was executing the basic idea: clearing his mind. So much had occurred in the last little bit that it was difficult for him to do this. He wondered, once more, how Rey was faring. Had she successfully found Skywalker? Rey, he thought. Finn? Finn’s eyes blinked open. It was strange, how easily his memory could recall her voice—almost as though she was truly there with him. ~*~ Rey rubbed her forehead, apologizing to Luke once more. She could not concentrate. Her mind would not allow her to, instead conjuring up Finn’s voice—saying her name of all things. “I’ll try again,” she said softly, pushing aside the sound of Finn’s voice for the time being; she would think of it later, perhaps at night…to help her sleep. Chapter 2 Notes: A big thanks to James A. Tillman for suggesting including Maz. That is coming in such handy! Sorry for the delay in an update. I have been having migraines, and I also was focusing on planning out the basics of this entire fic. From now on there should be an update every Friday at least. Ominous Premonitions Luke Skywalker was a patient teacher; in temperament, he was much different than those Rey had interacted with in the past. Jakku was a harsh world, and those who lived on the planet did not have time to spare to train those not related to them. She had been self-taught in a number of things. The Force, however, was something that went beyond her comprehension in a number of ways. It could be overwhelming. It fed on her emotions, both the light and the dark ones. Without Luke to help guide her to the Light, Rey well knew that she would have fallen already to the Darkness, largely due to the fact that she was till angry about Han Solo’s death and the injuries Finn had sustained. The elder Force user sat across from Rey as she reopened her eyes. Though it had taken several attempts, she had well learned how to clear her mind and become more in tune with the Force. Meditation helped keep away the nightmares that assaulted her. The sight of Han Solo being murdered by his son. “Are you ready, Rey?” Today would mark her second lesson in learning how to concentrate the Force in a new way; how to move objects with it. Her Master had informed her that it was in this manner that she would be able to construct her own lightsaber. There was something to be said for having a weapon you had built yourself—Rey had hung onto every word as Luke Skywalker had recounted to her how he had lost his hand, how the weapon she had brought to him had gone with the limb, and from there how he had trained and eventually built his own lightsaber. It made her all the more excited to construct a weapon of her own. There were a number of models. Staffs. Dual blades. Spears. She was not entirely certain which she would make. In all her years, she had used a variety of weapons. The staff she had brought with her from Jakku had potential; if she deconstructed it, she could use its parts in her lightsaber. This idea she had run by Luke just that morning, and he had agreed that it would have its benefits. Familiarity, for one thing. “You need practice before you attempt anything of that caliber.” He always seemed so aware of her thoughts. Rey felt herself relaxing in his presence. “I, too, rushed off early.” His eyes creased in the corners. Rey smiled in return; she remembered well that portion of his story. It was one of the things that had led to the loss of his hand. “Start with this.” A boulder, if you asked Rey, was not exactly small . Yet Master Skywalker had informed her that the size of the object wasn’t what she should focus on. Plus she had experience; the lightsaber had flown into her hand rather than Ren’s on Starkiller. Rey extended her hand, he brow furrowing as she attempted to concentrate. This was different than clearing one’s mind. That was only the first step. Clear the mind to focus on the Force. To feel the Force in all things. Around the boulder, in this case. Her shoulders rose and fell with each breath she took. Her jaw twitched, lips shifting as she started to mouth the word focus . ~*~ Finn curled an arm underneath his pillow, drawing the plush closer to his cheek. He was not conscious of these actions given that he had long since drifted into sleep. Yet Leia was awake, noting each change in the boy’s position. The previous morning he had informed her of the fact that he had been having strange dreams. Nothing like what he had experienced in the past. Darkness yet not—he could not remember the images that flashed before his mind’s eye, yet the emotions he could recall with ease. Or, as was the case, unease. Beside Leia was a shorter female. Maz Kanata released a low hum, her fingers working to adjust her glasses whilst she considered the boy. She had first met him in her cantina on Takodana before the First Order had seen fit to destroy it in their search for the BB-8 unit that held the map to Skywalker. Back then, he had been ready to flee from his destiny. Ironic, she thought, that the young man had failed to realize he had not been running away from his fate, but instead had been placing himself in the best position to meet it. And how bravely he had met his foes. Though she, like Leia, was not a Jedi, that did not render Maz oblivious to the ways of the Force. “It’s just awakening in him.” The Resistance general offered a nod in response. Leia’s lips were pursed. On the bed, Finn’s hand had curled into a fist and his forehead was beaded with sweat. “He underestimates his own capabilities.” “He was taught to be too modest,” Leia conceded, earning a snort from the orange-fleshed female. “That’s not to say he isn’t brave.” “Yes… He became a warrior on Takodana.” “You said he was attempting to flee before that.” Leia could not blame the young man; from what she knew of the training program the First Order had for the stormtroopers, it was a wonder he had even left in the first place. A miracle even. The Force truly worked in mysterious ways. Delivering Finn to the Resistance… No, before that even. For Finn to have been aboard the Star Destroyer Poe Dameron had been held captive in— that had changed things completely. And the girl, Rey, had also landed in their lap in some strange way. The two had been brought together. In many respects, it reminded Leia much of how she, Han, and Luke had been brought together. Her heart ached at the thought of her late husband. And her brother… Relief flooded through her with the knowledge that he was now training the girl. Oh, Luke… This boy is much like you. Unsuspecting that he would wield such power. She swallowed, her throat bobbing as her thoughts flitted to her son. She imagined that, had he not been seduced by the Dark, Ben might have found companionship in Finn. She was a mother, and Leia would not give up on her child. Finn… It would be much to ask of him. Her eyes roamed to the young man’s shoulder, as though glancing through it to view the wound on his back. Not to mention the emotional scars he likely possessed. Leia started when she noticed that Maz was watching her instead of her pupil. “You have a mother’s eyes.” Her eyelashes fluttered, and Leia bowed her head. “And hope—I see that in you as well.” A sardonic smile graced her features. “In that… He’s understanding…beyond his years even.” Maz at last returned her gaze to the young man, whose body had grown more relaxed. The nightmare portion was over. “No one taught him that. It came naturally… Remarkable.” ~*~ When Finn did awaken at last, he recalled the assortment of emotions that had raged through him as he had slumbered. One of the predominant feelings had been fear mingled with confusion. The young man sat up, his legs over the side of the bed and his hands gripping the very edge of the mattress. He wished he could recall what the dream had been about. It felt important —but why? And what was so confusing? Conflicting emotions, his mind supplied. Again, though, that did little to clear any questions. There were any number of things during this war that could cause conflicting emotions. When he had been with the First Order, when he had been in training to become a soldier to kill all those who opposed the First Order, he had felt such conflict. Wanting to obey while also not wishing to sacrifice others. He had been lectured against aiding teammates who would otherwise have fallen behind or else perished. His current dreams, the ones he could remember only by how they weighed on his mind, were, in many ways, more confusing than that. Finn took in a deep breath, his chest expanding as he held in the air. Pursing his lips, he exhaled at a steady pace and focused on calming himself. Meditating. If the Force wished to speak to him—and he was under the impression this was exactly what the dreams were about—then he needed to open himself up to it and nothing else. Falling into a state of meditation had become quite easy for Finn; it was little different than when he had reflected on his actions after a training session. Clearing away all background noise. Boulder is more stubborn than a luggabeast. His eyes snapped open. That hadn’t been his thought. In fact, that had been Rey’s voice he had heard in his head. Finn knit his brow, tilted his head to the side, and repeated exactly what he had done prior to hearing the voice of his friend. Move….move… It hardly budges… Finn listened to her voice. These were words he could not recall her ever having strung together in his presence. Rey? ~*~ Finn’s voice broke through her concentration. Rey lowered her hand, no longer straining to shift the boulder from its position. She could feel her Master watching her, yet this did not distract her in the least. She waited, listening. Finn’s voice once more whispered her name in her head. Rey looked around herself. Luke had not seemed to have heard the voice. If it had not been for the fact that her Master had told her of how he had communicated with his sister through the Force, she would not have realized what was happening. Finn? Her heart leapt in her chest, excitement rolling through her. Finn was awake! She turned to consider Chewbacca. The wookiee was staying with her and Luke on Ahch-To, though he rarely lingered while they were training. Today was an exception. When he noticed the way the girl was beaming, Chewbacca released a noise of confusion. “He’s awake!” The young woman was joyous, and the wookiee soon realized what she was speaking of. Rey next looked Luke’s way. “Finn’s awake!” “The boy is Force sensitive,” the male Skywalker mused. He crossed his arms over his chest, cupping his elbows in either of his hands. “Try reaching out to him.” It was with great pleasure that the student obeyed the Master. Finn… You’re… You can use the Force? She felt a trickle of elation filter through their connection. Somewhat. I’m… I’m still learning. Leia… She’s teaching me—and Maz too. Maz is here. Rey’s smile widened at the memory of the woman. It was on Takodana that she had first felt a connection with the Force. That vision when she had touched the lightsaber that she had later brought to her Master. “Leia’s teaching him,” she repeated for her two companions to hear. “And Maz too. He says that he’s been…having…dreams…” “Dreams?” Luke Skywalker took a step closer to his pupil. “He says…he can’t remember them…” Rey tilted back her head and closed her eyes. She began to tune out the others, not bothering to repeat the words Finn spoke to her. Rey… There’s something… Something wrong. The dreams—I remember all the emotions. Fear…confusion… Are you okay? Her lips parted. Sweat was gathering on her neck. Keeping the link between herself and Finn was taking its toll, but she would not break it. Those aren’t from me… Perhaps… Our enemy? Yes… Rey’s eyes snapped open, the connection dying away as her concentration broke. She had felt nothing from the opposition. All this time she had been in the dark as to what Kylo Ren was up to; what the man’s Master was doing. The former Jakku scavenger looked at her Master. “It’s not good…” Notes: Thanks for reading! Am definitely open to any constructive criticism you all may have for me.