INT. ADMIRALS CONFERENCE ROOM - HOME ONE - HYPERSPACE Rebel leaders MON MOTHMA, ADMIRAL ACKBAR, PRINCESS LEIA ORGANA, along with the droid R2-D2 are seated around the conference table for the Top Secret debriefing of Commander LUKE SKYWALKER. Luke looks troubled as R2 turns on his recorder and the Rebel leadership settles in to begin questioning him. LEIA Don't worry Luke you are among friends. This won't be that unpleasant. LUKE It is not that its just...(Luke trails off) Mon Mothma puts her datapad down on the table and looks at Luke. MOTHMA If you are not ready Commander Skywalker we can adjourn until later in the voyage. We have a few days travel time in hyperspace before we reach Mon Cala. LUKE It's not that Ma'am, its just there are some things I need to share with you, that I am not ready to have become common knowledge in the Alliance. ACKBAR My boy, I think the least we can do is here you out off the record. Wouldn't you say so Chancellor? MOTHMA Droid, cease recording and power down for the time being. Commander.. err Luke, please what is on your mind? Luke looks at Leia who nods and smiles supportively to her long time friend and newfound sibling. LUKE You both are aware that I surrendered to Darth Vader during the mission on the forest moon, and that he took me before the Emperor on the second Death Star.From my initial report you both know that both Vader and the Emperor are dead. I am not sure how much Leia has shared with you both,about the events that led up to this. Luke pauses for a moment and takes a calming breath. LUKE The sad truth of the matter is thereason that I had to surrender myself to Darth Vader is that we had a special connection in the Force and as long as I remained with the strike team the missionwas in danger. What I haven't told anyone besides Leia is that the reason that connection existed was because... Darth Vader in another life was Anakin Skywalker and.. Luke again pauses again looking for permission to continue from Leia. LEIA It's ok Luke. They need to know. LUKE As I was saying, Anakin Skywalker was my father, and the father to my twin sister, Leia. Both Mon Mothma and Ackbar exchange concerned knowing glances. MOTHMA Luke, no one in the rebellion could question either your or Princess Leia's dedication to our cause if that is what you fear. LUKE Thank you ma'am, it is just that I have had so little time to really process and understand what all of this means and frankly I sprung this on Leia just before the battle. She has had even less time. I don't want it to be a distraction... ACKBAR This information will have to come out at some point, but I tend to agree with Commander Skywalker. Our campaign to liberate the galaxy is just beginning and this would be an unnecessary distraction. What do you think Princess you have been rather quiet? Leia looks over at the old Admiral. She shakes her head as if to dispel cobwebs. LEIA I..I love Luke and I trust him, but I still can't accept that that vile monster was my father. LUKE In time you will, just as I did. But we know so little about what led him to the Dark Side and about our mother. We have so many unanswered questions, I beg you to give us time to look for those answers. A bittersweet smile spreads across Mon Mothma's face. Ackbar looks at from Luke to Leia, then back to Mon Mothma. ACKBAR Wait, you don't think??? MON MOTHMA Yes, I do believe so. Well Princess it looks like your adoptive father kept some secrets even from me. I suspect can help you both answer one of those questions. I cannot believe I did not see it earlier. How many hours have we spent together Leia that I haven't recognized that beauty, that intelligence, that passion, that so clearly echo the light that shown within your mother. LEIA Who? Who was she Mon? MON MOTHMA Your mother was Senator Padme Amidala of Naboo. She was one of the first senators to recognize the danger that became the Emperor and had a very close "friendship" with a brash young Jedi Knight, Anakin Skywalker. LUKE Who was she? I don't think I have ever heard of her. LEIA It is not likely you would have Luke. She died during the closing days of The Clone Wars. A small grin begins to cross Leia's face that slowly broadens into a smile. LEIA (chuckling to herself) My father, Bail. Even his secrets had secrets. My father and my mother made no secret that I was adopted, a war orphan he would tell me. Even though he was busy with his duties on Coruscant and Alderaan, he always made a point to spend time with me when he was home. One of his favorite things to do was stroll through Remembrance Park. MOTHMA A truly lovely place. LEIA Yes, a tragedy it is gone. Leia turns to Luke. LEIA The thing is, Remembrance Park is a memorial park to important Alderaanian and select galactic figures. One person is added each year by the Queen or Viceroy to the park. More often than not our walks would settle around the memorial of Senator Amidala. My father often said he had great admiration for this woman who he considered a dear friend. He even showed me some of her speeches as I prepared to join the Imperial Senate. Luke she was amazing... Leia begins to cry. Luke and Mon Mothma get up, cross the table and embrace her. Even the salty old Ackbar covertly wipes his cheek with a clawed hand while no one is looking. Clearing his throat, Ackbar stands up looking out the view port and then turning back to his three comrades, his three friends. ACKBAR If I may, Leia, Luke. I can't say I had the pleasure of knowing your parents well. But during The Clone Wars, which seems like so long ago, I had the honor of fighting by their side. My homeworld of Mon Cala, the home of both my peoples and the Quarren was a largely peaceful world. Then the Separatists came those damn droids and their cursed Karkarodon commanders convinced the Quarren to turn against our King murdering himand deposing his heir, Prince Lee-Char. It was only through the heroic efforts of your parents, the clone troopers, and their Gungan allies that we were able to free both Mon Calamari and Quarren and liberate our planet. I can't pretend to tell you how Jedi Skywalker became Darth Vader, but I can say I have never seen anyone fight so hard to help others, except perhaps Senator Amidala. LUKE I..I..don't know what to say. LEIA Thank you Admiral. ACKBAR If it there is no objection from the Chancellor, I propose we adjourn for the day and reconvene tomorrow. MOTHMA No objection at all Admiral, I think we all have a lot to process right now. LUKE AND LEIA (in unison) Thank you. Luke and Leia turn and begin to head towards the door. ACKBAR One last thing before you both leave. In my duties to King Lee-Char, I assembled some comprehensive holographic accounts of both the political and military developments during The Clone Wars. Ackbar tosses Luke an access card. ACKBAR That card will allow you into my quarters, I believe if you search the holo index you should be able to find a little more of what you are looking for. INT. OFFICERS CANTINA - HOME ONE - HYPERSPACE Admiral Ackbar and Mon Mothma sit together, sipping drinks, looking out at the star lines and laughing. Sharing each other company. INT. ADMIRAL'S QUARTERS - HOME ONE -HYPERSPACE Luke and Leia sit alone in a darkened room leaning against each other transfixed. The only light is cast by the holo-player, we see flashes of different scenes. In one we see Padme still the Queen speaking before the Senate. In another we see Anakin, Obi-Wan and an unknown Togruta Jedi battling a horde of battle droids. In a third we see meeting of Jedi and politicians at the entrance of the Senate building following the rescue of the Chancellor. Leia's communicator buzzes and lights up in the background but in this moment she and her brother are the only two individuals in the galaxy.