Finn moans, a cracked and broken little sound that almost makes Poe want to flip him back onto his back and kiss him deep, nipping those soft lips and licking into that mouth-- He doesn't. What he does though, Finn likes just as much. He presses into Finn, cock wrapped in tight, wet heat that makes him groan as he kisses at Finn’s shaking shoulders, savoring the sweet, salty taste of gorgeous brown skin. The man below him moans, pressing himself right back onto Poe, and he knows exactly what he needs. He knows exactly what that means. More. Poe pulls out, almost to the tip and kisses along Finn’s back as he does so, pressing wet, filthy, open-mouthed kisses to hot skin. “Poe.” Finn breathes, shaky and wrung out and wanting. The air is charged with pleasure and energy, it smells like sex and sweat and Poe is almost dizzy on it. The scent of Finn. How Finn looks, spread out in front of him like something delicious to devour. He's beautiful, all fucked out and moaning with Poe’s cock nestled deep in his ass, right where is always should be. Poe kisses those back dimples that drive him wild and dips back into that warm, tight body under him, savoring Finn’s pleasured cry as he hits that bundle of tight nerves that leaves his lover gasping. Being inside Finn feels like bliss and love and everything Poe craves . “I got you.” Poe groans, fucking into him again, heart pounding as Finn arches his back so fucking beautifully, just like that, in that way that shows off the plump, thick roundness of his ass and presses him flush against Poe, who's cock is fully sheathed in him. “You're so greedy for it.” Poe groans, kissing Finn’s right shoulder. And he's right , Finn is so touch-starved from years in the cold grips of the First Order that when Poe touched him the first time it set him on fire . And now Finn crawls in his lap, needing love and affection and touch and god how could Poe ever refuse? Finn is so fucking cute . So fucking pretty . Finn’s face heats up at his words, and he grinds against Poe and whimpers, eyes half lidded and lips parted, slick and swollen from when Poe pressed his cock to his lips earlier, grinning as Finn eagerly sucked him to hardness. He's making desperate little sounds, moving with Poe and crying out into the pillow, fists clutching the sheets as he begs for moremoremore-- Poe fucks him harder, a gentle hand on the back of his neck, pushing him into the mattress as he pounds into him, that gorgeous face contorted in bliss because Poe is giving everything to him so well , giving him what he needs. Finn is so tight , and yet he opens like a flower for Poe, sucking him in as his hips move to bury himself back into Finn’s body. And Finn, precious and innocent Finn, pants as Poe fucks him, those sounds pouring from him as Poe presses into him over and over again. Finn doesn't have to hang-ups others would have. He has no problem making noise when Poe gets him like this, ass in the air and begging for it. The sensations are so new that Finn could cry. He's so receptive and that makes Poe harder than ever. The fact that he affects him like this. “ P-poe .” he sighs shakily as Poe pulls out, cock slick with lube and the warmth of Finn’s body. He wants to see him. He wants to look into that face as he takes him. Poe’s hands grab at his hips, fingers pressing to soft, supple skin, damp with sweat before he turns his lover around, pressing Finn onto his back and kissing him deep, tasting those lips that he's dreamed about since their first kiss all those nights ago. Finn arches into his touch as Poe’s hands roam his body, greedily clutching and squeezing and feeling -- Finn feels so empty without Poe inside him, and he makes a noise of protest as Poe growls and grabs at his ass, hands full of plump, warm flesh. Finn blushes, a faint cherry tint under dark skin. He knows Poe loves his shape. When he left the first order he lamented the lack of mandatory exercise and the resulting softening of his once-sharp edges. Without having to suffer through stormtrooper training he's gotten a bit softer , well.... everywhere . He wasn't too fond of the change, really. But Poe was, and never hesitated to tell him so. To press his body to Finn’s and destroy him slowly with whispers of ‘Are you kidding me, buddy? Your ass is all I think about’, and things usually along that vein. Poe loves his ass. Which is fortunate because Finn is reasonably sure that 90% of everything he eats ends up there. Poe’s hands grab at him, the fat of his ass giving way under the pilot's searching fingers. He presses breathy kisses to Finn’s lips, parted in a moan as Poe gropes him and digs fingers into the meaty flesh of his rear. “God you're perfect, buddy.” Poe hums, grinding his cock into Finn’s--soft, tender and swollen against his thigh from the four orgasms Poe has wrung out of him, leaving him boneless and his brain a mess of half uttered words and statements. All that matters is PoePoePoePoePoe -- One hand drifts to Finn’s thigh, fingers pressing into supple and soft skin there as Poe lifts Finn’s leg, spreading him almost obscenely wide as he presses back into that honeyed heat of Finn’s body, cherishing how he cries out and arches into Poe, fists clutching the sheets. “Ah!” Finn’s exhales, eyes glazed as he gazes up at Poe like he's the moon and stars, making him feel so good and full and perfect . Poe groans as Finn clenches around him, clamping down on the cock spearing him until Poe kisses him and he relaxes. “ Please .” Finn gasps between kisses, “ Oh, oh Poe please--” “What do you want, sweetheart?” he purrs, grinding himself into Finn’s sore prostate, “ Anything you want, darling.” Finn stutters something, and Poe shifts so suddenly it punches the air out of him, putting his legs on his shoulders, almost bending Finn in half and somehow sinking in deliciously deeper and Finn is so full he could cry -- “Just... ah !” Finn sobs, eyes tearing in overwhelming pleasure as his body trembles. Poe sinks in so deep that he can't think . “Shh,” Poe soothes, holding back a groan as he wraps himself further in the sweet, moist warmth of Finn’s beautiful body, “I know what you want. I’ll take care of you. I promise.” Notes: welp im stormpilot trash You can scream at me on tumblr