The nights welcomed Ben with a steady internet connection and a lock on his bedroom door. Despite his age and dexterity with technology and research, he couldn’t find good porn if his life depended on it. PornHub and RedTube weren’t exactly high brow, and neither of them seemed to produce anything that didn’t make his toes curl in all the wrong ways. In dire circumstances, they might do, but the overwhelming feeling of shame and disgust that comes before his refractory period has kicked back into gear is a feeling that ruins the whole setting-aside-a-few-hours-to-rub-one-out thing. It was an embarrassing sight, really. His room pitch black, face illuminated by the bright orange secondary colours of PornHub, scrolling through pages and pages of solo guy, solo girl, lesbian, roleplaying , cocking an eyebrow, shaking his head, like he was some goddamn pornography connoisseur. His balls were starting to ache, and he was running into a constant stream of dead ends. He contemplated giving up, falling back into his pillows and staring into the darkness of his bedroom melodramatically. He was getting frustrated, but finals were coming up and he knew he probably wouldn’t have the luxury to set aside time like this for a week or more. He’d have to get creative with it, he thought. He sat up a little, propping his pillow against his headboard and pulling his laptop onto his chest. He opened reddit in a new tab, and tried to think of something to punch in after /r/. Just “porn” might be a little uninspired, he thought, so he tried to delve deeper into his pornographic lexicon. /r/lesbianporn, Nothing that different from PornHub. He huffed, sinking a bit further back into his pillow. He wriggled his fingers over his keyboard for a second. /r/femdom. After five minutes of scrolling, his cock twitched slightly in interest, but nothing revolutionary. He was tired, and he wasn’t the most creative person he knew. He closed his eyes and tipped his head backwards. He thought, in the most base, human terms, what he really wanted right now. If he miraculously stumbled across a genie in a bottle, what kind of scenario would he wish himself into. He rubbed at his chin, stubble pricking against his fingers, thinking hard. He was a simple man with simple needs. /r/camgirls. It was easier to swallow and less intimidating than his previous search, and he found himself getting more excited, emotionally and physically, at the prospect of potentially hitting metaphorical oil, here. He’d see the general shape of something that would draw him in in the thumbnail, and click the grey box next to it to expand. It took a couple of minutes before he went further, clicking the permalink of one particular girl. The website wasn’t threatening, and if the video didn’t load, it would just look like some sad relative of vimeo. But the video did load, and he didn’t check how long ago the cross-post was submitted in the reddit thread, but he connected as soon as a slender hand started pulling at the waistband of a pair of sheer black panties. Her figure was slender in an almost boyish type of way, and from where her sweater rode up against her tanned stomach, he could see the muscle definition even through the lacklustre webcam quality. It was enough, though. His hand wandered down his stomach. He was too distracted when she propped herself up on her knees, her back facing the camera, and the distinct line of where her ass met her thighs was enough to make him swallow just a little bit harder, her fingers reaching down to trace it. A feather light touch. She turned around, and he noticed her hair. Shoulder length and wavy, light brown in colour, swinging with her movements. He realised then that there was a chat on the left hand side of the stream, which he didn’t even think about joining, but there were some who were being fairly vocal. It was then he realised that there was a whole audio element he was missing out on. He scrambled, dick out, hanging half off his bed trying to grab his headphones. He fumbled, but when he plugged them in and shoved the buds into his ears, he heard ringing laughter, and a soft British accent that said “ hell no, take that shit somewhere else.” His eyes skimmed over the chat to see what she could be responding to, and he let out a short laugh. > > feet? She was wearing white socks that went halfway up her calves, with a thick red stripe around the opening, which implicitly made it clear how not into foot stuff she was. But he didn’t focus on that for too long, because she scooted back in her bed, against her headboard, just like Ben. With her knees apart, she sat back on her calves and hooked her fingers into the hem of her sweater. Unblinking, he lowered his hand to the bulge in between his legs, readying himself. He made a noise in the back of his throat, approval, when there was nothing underneath her sweater. Her breasts weren’t tiny, but they weren’t huge either, and he didn’t realise until now how much he was into that. The chat surged a little in approval, and she leaned back, the soles of her socked feet against her sheets. Her knees knocked together a little, pulling herself up to bring her laptop closer to her on the bed, and it made it easier for Ben to think that it was just him and her, laptop to laptop. He full-screened the stream to make the chat disappear. With her wedged deeply in her white pillows, you could see the lower half of her face, and Ben would come to notice that she mostly made an effort to hide her features, but didn’t freak out at a slight slip up. Her lips were pink and her jaw slightly square, but her face was soft. A shudder rippled through his torso, travelling down to his balls and up the length of his cock. Absently, she ran a hand down her sternum, between her breasts and across her abdomen, lingering at the waistband of her underwear. He tentatively wrapped his fingers around himself, starting a slow, inconsistent rhythm as she ran her fingers over her underwear, right between her thighs. She squirmed. He could hear ambient noise coming through her microphone, probably music, and the rustling of her sheets. “Impatient,” she said, probably referring to the chat, and Ben huffed, wrapping his fingers a little tighter, his tug a little more urgent. She pulled her laptop even closer, her knees now pointing horizontally, her computer nestled in the circumference of her legs. With that, she dipped her fingers under hear waistband, and the computer was close enough that Ben heard the barely-there slickness of her finger sliding between her folds. A soft noise fell from her lips, and the gentleness of it all made Ben grunt, quickening his pace ever so slightly. He watched intently, pushing his laptop to the vacant spot on his double bed and tilting his head to the side to keep his eyes on her. Her free hand lifted to her chest, palming her left breast and rolling her nipple, now taut, between her fingers. She keened. So did Ben, hips bucking. “You want a closer look?” She said to the camera, and mentally Ben pleaded a god, yes, please. She got up on her knees and swivelled around, her ass in full view, and for the split second that she leaned forward to plant her torso into her covers to kneel, ass first, into the camera, he caught a glimpse of her face. Her high, freckled cheekbones were flushed, eyes bright as she curved her back, running her fingers down the plane of her stomach. Her fingers dove back into the fabric of her panties, but with much more conviction, and from this angle he could see the way her muscles shifted under her skin, her stomach contracting as the tell-tale movement of her wrist shifting back and forth made her whine into her pillow, muffled. If he could only just hear the sounds of her fingers thrusting inside of her before, he could definitely hear it now. It was a slight squelch, but one that made his lower stomach burn and forced his head back into his pillow. His eyes shot away from his screen just briefly, the brightness casting a shadow over his own stomach, his own muscles standing out against the light, his cock red with anticipation. When he looked back, he choked on a moan, undignified and probably a bit too loud. She was edging a bright pink vibrator into the opening of her underwear, her other hand disappearing down her front to most likely rub against her clit, as the length of the vibrator swiftly disappeared into her. Her back arched more than it already was, and from the way her legs were trembling, Ben wouldn’t have been surprised if her knees gave out from under her, but she held firm. Her underwear shifted to the side enough to show Ben exactly what the toy looked like lodged inside of her. The skin was slick and flushed, meshing well with the pink of her vibrator. There was a particularly sudden thrust of her wrist, and she lifted her head from her pillow with a cry, exposing her lips for just a second. Just as red and shiny as the rest of her. Ben gave a strangled moan and wondered what it would feel like to slide his cock against her lips, his fingers tangled in her hair and not groping at his own balls. A bead of sweat was forming at his temple, and Ben’s whole body shook with it, shook with her. She pulled her hands away, and for a small moment, Ben panicked, thinking she was going to abruptly end the stream before the crescendo as many camgirls before her do. To his delight, she simply flipped onto her back, and if it weren’t for her arm draped across her eyes, her whole face would have been visible. Her nipples stood up proudly against her chest, and he longed to wrap his lips around them, to trail them down her toned stomach and between her thighs, to spread her open with his thumbs and— “ Fuck, ” they both groaned at the same time, and Ben was too far gone to stop at the coincidence. His hand was moving rapidly now, his tip building up moisture, wrist straining. The fire in his gut was blazing, and his toes began to curl as he felt himself getting closer and closer, back arching off the mattress with every sound she made, every curse that fell from her lips. He watched her as she tossed and turned, and tried to look between her face in case her arm slipped, and back to where her toy disappeared inside of her. Her hips started to jerk more erratically, and Ben could tell that she wouldn’t last much longer, and he thanked whatever God was stomaching this scene, because neither could he. The slick sounds of his hand against his length were getting messier and less rhythmic, and he bit his lip to try and keep the moans from spilling out. His mind was foggy, and he could see trails of moisture running down her ass and he sobbed. “I’m—“ she breathed, but nothing else came out. Her hips bucked wildly, and she trusted the toy into her with so much force and exuberance that Ben felt the floodgates opening. Her arm slipped and he caught sight of her eyelashes fanning out across her cheeks, still stained red, and the look of pure euphoria that emanated from her. His eyes hastily grazed her—face, neck, tits, stomach— He felt himself spatter against the underside of his chin, just , the majority of it pooling in the divot in the centre of his chest. He panted, hair fanned out around him on his pillow, smelling of sweat and sex. He gave himself a few minutes to recuperate, catch his breath and process what just happened. He pulled his sticky hand away from his cock, softening, to throw them over his head. Through his headphones, he could hear her soft, broken moans, and he closed his eyes, imagining her moving the toy inside her after she had just come, and the aftershocks it would send through her body, making her twitch. Before he could look over to see if his predictions came true, he was greeted with a black screen with white lettering. STREAM OFFLINE. He sighed, minimizing the window. He made sure to bookmark the URL before snapping his laptop shut. Notes: Dedicated to my friend through their pink vibrator, who counselled and encouraged me through this at 3am.