Armitage Hux's sister lived in a noisy house, with ten or so housemates, all living in a crazy, dirty mess. There was always something going on whenever he came to visit, and, more often than not, his sister was at the centre of it. He stayed in her room from time to time, on the spare mattress on the floor, wedged into wherever fit. This time, he'd come for two weeks, and had spent most of his time exploring the culture of the city she was living, visiting museums, art galleries, and generally enjoying himself. Anyway, it was nice to get out of the house whilst she was around with her boyfriend. Well, he thought that random guy who'd been basically living in the house the whole time was her boyfriend. Sometimes it was hard to what state she was in with someone, especially because he thought she was going out with a childhood friend of theirs, Dopheld Mitaka. They'd all gone through school together, and were fairly close. He'd drifted slightly from them when the two of them started dating, but he was still close with them. As the sun was going down, and he wasn't exactly dressed for the evening, he'd decided to walk slowly back to the house. As he reached the street, he nearly got bowled over by one of his sister's housemates, running at full pelt towards the flat, phone in hand. Not really thinking much of it, he kept walking. Then he nearly got hit again, this time by two of the housemates sharing a one-person bike. They nearly hit the wall, jumped off, and sprinted off into the house. With an increased sense of urgency (and nearly getting hit again), he began to jog towards the house. At the bottom of the stairs, he found that the stairway was blocked by all of the housemates he'd just seen, trying to persuade someone not to go into the apartment. Hiding away a little, he managed to get a look to whatever was going on at the top of the stairs, and he noticed it was Mitaka, with a bouquet in one hand, looking confused more than anything. He knew he had to find a way to warn his sister. Running out of the door, he looked around urgently for a way to get into his sister's room. Climbing on top of a small building extension belonging to the downstairs apartment, he managed to shimmy up the drainpipe and tumble into the room. "What the hell are you doing in here?!" She screamed, throwing a pillow at him, which he rolled to avoid. "Mitaka's here. You go. I'll handle this." "Where?" "At the door. Now." "He can't get out. Mitaka will know." She pointed urgently at the man in her bed, whom Hux was trying not to look at. "Go. As I said, I'll handle this." "What?" "Just go!" He said, with urgency. She did as he told her, throwing on clothes at the same time that he was taking his off, stripping right down to his underwear. "What the-" The guy in the bed was watching the scene with complete confusion. "Look, I'm sorry." Hux replied, tumbling into the bed and under the covers with his bare back into the guy's bare chest. His sister had left the room, and Hux heard some kind of a scuffle. There must have been something suspicious about the way that she was acting or something, because he heard Mitaka storm in. As an instinct reaction, he sat back further, trying to cover himself up with the sheets. The guy behind him put his arm around him protectively. Hux could feel his face burning up as Mitaka looked at him, realised was going on, and slowly let his mouth drop open, also going red. "I-" Mitaka managed to stutter out. "Hi. I'll- I'll be out in a moment." "OK. Sorry." Mitaka backed slowly out of the room. Hux collapsed down. "Well, there goes my dignity." He felt a low rumble of laughter from underneath him. "That's a pretty serious sacrifice." "Sometimes my sister needs a little help." "Ah, your sister? Makes sense. You have the same hair." Hux felt fingers tracing through his hair, and his body went rigid. "Sorry- just thinking." "I see. I should probably-" "Yeah." The guy withdrew his arm, and Hux rolled out of bed. He could feel himself being watched, and so awkwardly put his clothes back on. As he turned to leave, he heard the guy speak again. "Hey-" "Yes?" "What's your name?" "Hux. Armitage Hux." "Nice to meet you, Hux, Armitage Hux. I'm Ben Solo. Well, my name's Kylo Ren, but everyone calls me Ben Solo." "Nice to meet you, too. I do wish we'd met in better circumstances." "Wanna try again some other time?" "Sure." He replied, not really thinking, not letting his normal reservations even kick in, which was completely unusual for him. "You're gonna have to find me." He smirked, getting out of bed. Hux was confronted by a very impressive build, and he felt something catch in his throat. Kylo, Ben, whatever, put his clothes back on, and just like that, jumped out of the window, and climbed down the same way that Hux had gotten up. Hux ran to the window; Kylo was standing on the extension of the other apartment. "Don't I get a clue?" "I'll be around." "I'm only going to be here for another few days." "Well, in that case, find me at Starkiller." "I didn't realise anyone actually went there and lived to tell the tale." Starkiller was a notoriously seedy bar right in the centre of the city. "Well, I'll be there. I hope you find me." "So do I." And with that, Kylo was gone. Just like that. Hux cursed himself. He straightened his shirt, and walked out cautiously into the living space of the apartment, where an awkward silence quickly descended. Mitaka mouthed 'sorry' at him. He shrugged. "So," One of the housemates asked, "How long were you going to wait until you were going to tell us you've been using this house to hook up with people?" "It was just this once." Hux replied, staring daggers at his sister, who was deliberately not looking at him. She entwined her fingers with Mitaka's, and Hux had half a mind to tell him that his girlfriend was cheating on him with various people she found around the city during her stay. "Sister dearest," He nearly spat. "Can I talk to you for a moment?" "Sure." She smiled, and they both went into her room. She burst into silent laughter, looking him in the eyes. "Stop." She regained her composure a little. "It's pretty impressive, considering you'd never met Ben before, and considering you're not gay." "Well-" "You've met him before?" Hux shook his head. She came to the realisation about what he was implying. "Woah." Since when have you been gay?" He shrugged at this. "Did you really not notice?" "No." She shrugged. "Well, great acting anyway, I-" "You're welcome. But you can't see him any more." "Look, I know you're concerned about my love life, and about Mitaka, but it's fine." "It's not. It's not fair on anyone, not Mitaka, not you, not Kylo-" "Who's Kylo?" "Ben. Whatever. I made a mistake." "Pretty big mistake." There was suspicion in her tone. "But you can't see him anymore." Hux asserted. His sister gave him a strange look. "You're not- you don't-" "I don't what?" "You don't like him, do you? You just met him, and he's straight." Hux moved his mouth, trying to form the right sentence to describe what was going on. "We're going on a date." He blurted out, going bright red. "What?" "I-" His words completely dried up. "Stay with Mitaka, won't you? He's good for you and it was unfair of you to cheat on him in the first place." "I'm not going to give up seeing anyone for your benefit, especially because you don't know the guy." "I-" He paused. He stood his ground. She stood hers. This was always the way. "Get out." She demanded. "What?" "You can find somewhere else to stay for the rest of your visit. I can't stand you sometimes." She shot him the sneer he always gave her, and he picked up his bag, and just left. The housemates watched him as he walked through their group to get to the door, head held high, not letting anyone knock his now inwardly nonexistent pride. If that was the way it was going to be, then fine .