A Most Daring Rogue As far as being a thief went, Poe Dameron was absolutely terrible at it. The main part of thievery was the ability to go unnoticed, to be able to slip in and out unseen. Poe had mastered the skill well enough. He was just such a well known thief that it was practically impossible for him to actually go out and do his job without using a charm or enchantment or wearing some sort of disguise . Such as the one he was wearing at the moment. It wasn't terribly elaborate. It didn't have to be. Simple plain-clothes, nice enough to set him apart from any other suspected thieves, but worn enough so as to not attract unwanted attention. He rubbed a hand over his newly shaven jaw, looking around the courtyard. The Earl's Castle was modest compared to some of the others in the region, but it was forbidding and massive enough to inspire awe, and, more often, fear. It had always made him feel queasy. The place was all angles and iron; it was hard to believe anyone but a garrison actually lived in it. But the Earl, as elusive as he was, made a habit of reminding people that he was most certainly there. Guards were stationed at every possible entrance. They stood up on the ramparts, armor gleaming. Eyes on everyone who passed through the gates. There had to be a way through. Some unguarded window. He could feel gazes boring into him, and was glad he'd told Barnabus to wait in the village. This was the kind of job that could get hairy very quickly. He'd never have taken it if "the General" hadn't been the one to propose it to him. She was one of a small number that he could actually count as trustworthy, if not a friend. She'd helped him out of more than one mess, so he owed it to her to at least try. Besides, he would never have found the courage to refuse her. He left the market, pulling his cloak tighter against the chill, and to keep his crossbow hidden. He wasn't going to be able to get inside from the courtyard. He'd have to find another way. There were enough people milling about, making a racket with livestock and goods on the main road that he didn't have to worry about being seen so much once he was outside the gate. It would make it far easier for him to take a look around for a way in. There were plenty of other ways, so long as he timed it right. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the When Knighthood Was In Flower series