Captured “Once this mission is over I’ll be able to come home on leave Papa, just in time for Life Day. I even promise that it’s not just to take a break of go visit Ben; I actually want to see you for once.” He’s sitting in a tent relaxing while his squad mates set up their own tents, no one has asked him for help yet so he’s taking the time to enjoy a quiet moment. His father laughs, eyes crinkling with amusement. The holo is grainy but Poe’s mind can easily fill in the details that are missing. “It’s good to know you actually care to see your Papa now that you’re a big shot pilot. “Well I need somewhere to stay and someone to feed me,” Poe jokes back with an easy grin. “So I kind of have to spend a little time with you. This mission shouldn’t take more than two weeks; mostly they’re just trying to get us some outdoors experience, a bit of survival training in case we ever need to rough it out on missions. I told them I didn’t need it but they wanted me to lead the mission so I couldn’t really refuse.” Poe is on Aeris II with a small group of pilots, they’re on a training mission to patrol the planet for any sort of hostiles. Kes nods and Poe can just make out the expression of pride on his face. “If there’s anyone that can teach your squad mates how to camp it’s you Poe. You’ve spent almost as much time in a tent as you have in the air.” “I probably shouldn’t have bragged about that if I didn’t want to be sent out to Aeris II in hindsight.” He shrugs helplessly. “Least it gets me away from the capital for a bit, it’s nice to be in the outdoors.” “Just be careful; never let your guard down.” Kes warns, always the soldier at heart. Poe smiles at that, his father is always looking out for him no matter what. “I promise I’ll keep my eyes peeled and my senses sharp. Papa didn’t raise a fool.” Kes laughs again and Poe feels suddenly so home sick. “I’ll see you soon Papa, I’ve got to go and make sure that everything’s been done the way I told them to.” “Stay safe son, I love you.” “Love you too Papa.” Poe shuts off the holo and stretches, going out to join the other five members of his patrol group. It’s oddly quiet in the camp. “I hope you aren’t all taking a nap right now, we’ve got work to do!” A bolt of hot pain explodes in his chest and his work goes white, he doesn’t even get to see what hit him. - Poe comes too slowly. He’s disoriented and his head is pounding. It takes great effort to open his eyes and when he does he closes them again when a bright light overhead nearly blinds him. “None of that now little one; open those pretty eyes of yours and let me see what I have to work with.” There’s a voice coming from his left and Poe’s eyes fly open again despite the pain to look over at the speaker. There’s a tall older Chiss woman standing next to where Poe is lying, smiling down at him not unkindly. “There we are. My you are a lovely human aren’t you? You’ll fetch a good price in the market; pretty, fit, not too large for a human male. I think it will be the pleasure block for you. Some cleaning up, a little bit of make-up to enhance and you’ll be irresistible.” Panic floods through Poe and he tries to jerk away from the woman’s hands as she reaches over and runs her hands down his face. The action is ineffective; not only does it make his head spin but he quickly realizes that he’s bound to a table of sorts and can’t move at all. “Don’t do that now, you’re going to hurt yourself and that won’t be good for anyone.” The Chiss turns away for a moment, moving out of Poe’s line of sight before returning with a hypo. “This will help you relax a bit, don’t fret at all, it’ll give you wrinkles.” Before he can open his mouth to protest or scream the hypo is pressed into the meat of his thigh and everything goes black once again. - When he wakes up again he’s sitting in a cage, one barely big enough to contain his entire body comfortably. The distress of waking up in a cage causes his to panic and he doesn’t notice the large Iktotchi walking toward his cage. It’s not until the man smacks a stun baton against the cage giving Poe a light jolt that he becomes aware of him. The jolt is painful enough to leave Poe gasping and curled up in pain. “Quiet down there boy if you know what’s good for you.” Poe knows that he should be scared but he is his mother’s son and can’t hold back the scathing retort on the tip of his tongue. “What’s good for me is not being locked up in a small cage like some common animal.” “You’re less than that boy.” Poe doesn’t realize there’s a chain attached to a collar around his neck until the Iktotchi pulls it tight cause him to choke. “You’re a slave now, and if you don’t behave I can guarantee your training isn’t going to go well at all. If you don’t behave you’ll be punished and I can guarantee you won’t enjoy it.” “I thought you weren’t supposed to mark slaves up, it decreases their value.” He curses when he receives another mild shock for his backtalk. The Iktotchi is grinning down at him in a way that has Poe shrinking as far away from him as possible, and not only because of the stun baton in his hands. “Trust me pretty one, we have ways to punish that don’t involve leaving a single mark on your body. I’ll leave you to sit and think about that while you wait for your turn in training.” Without anymore words he walks away leaving Poe curled up in his cage wondering just what horrors await him and if anyone knows what happened to them His mind turns to his squad mates and what became of them. Are they here as well or were they killed? When he’d exited his tent on Aeris II he hadn’t been able to get a look at anything before he was taken out. Laef, Bwekf, Aenaa, Festlia, and Hsferg; he prays to the Maker and the Force that they are alright, maybe they were overlooked and they’re safe. Uncurling Poe pushes himself on to his knees as much as he can in the cage and tries to look around and take as much stock of his current environment as he can. Keep calm a voice that sounds suspiciously like Luke Skywalker echoes in his head, Panic does no good; be calm and learn what you can. Briefly Poe thinks that maybe spending so much of his youth spending time with Ben and the other padawans at the Jedi temple wasn’t altogether a horrible idea; even if he spent most of it getting into trouble with Ben. The room that contains his cage is long enough to contain six other cages in a row and wide enough to contain a second row with the nearest cage across from him being seven feet away. In total there were fourteen other cages much like Poe's own in contained in the room. At one end of the room was a door that could possibly lead outside judging by the light coming from the small window about it being guarded by the Iktotchi. The other end of the room contained another door which held a sign written in a language Poe couldn’t read and had two Gamorrean guards stationed outside. What lay on the other side Poe couldn’t guess but if he strained his ears he could hear faint sounds coming from within it. Turning his attention away from the door Poe looks around again, cataloguing that eight of the fourteen cages, including his own, seem to be occupied with various species. Poe seems to be the only human in the room. Briefly Poe wonders if everyone in this room is slated as a pleasure slave just as Poe apparently was. He is quick to shy away from that thought. Right. Taking a steadying breath Poe focuses his attention on his own individual situation. The cage itself is a simple construction and wouldn’t have been so hard to get out of if not for the fact that his hands are chained behind his back and the feel of a collar at his throat. It’s the collar that worries him the most; chances are there is some mechanism built into it to deter escape and that could be anything from delivering a shock to causing death. He won’t be able to escape as long as he has the collar on. His thoughts of escape are momentarily pushed aside when the door at the end of the room opens and a stout Snivvian exits the room pulling a familiar dark haired human girl behind him. Festlia! Poe presses as close to the bars of the cage as he can as the pair makes their way past him. Festlia’s eyes are down cast and her face is streaked with tears; she does appear to notice Poe as she’s dragged to a cage across and three spots down from Poe’s. It’s close enough that they could talk without attracting too much attention if they’re careful. When she’s placed back in her cage she curls up into a small ball and presses herself into the back of her cage. Poe can tell that she’s trembling and he wonders just what the Snivvian did to her in that room. His imagination comes up with some wholly unappreciated but likely possible examples. The Snivvian walks down to the other end of the room where the Iktotchi is. They’re far enough away that Poe is certain they won’t hear him if he tries to get Festlia’s attention. “Festlia.” Either she doesn’t hear him or she’s not acknowledging him. “Festlia!” He tries a little louder this time and sees her look up and around. When her gaze lands on him he can see her eyes widen in surprise. “Poe!” She presses as close as she can to the bars of her cage on the side nearest to him. “Are you alright?” Now that he has her attention the questions fall easily from his lips. “What happened at the camp? Have you seen the others? What did they do to you in that room?” Festlia shakes her head. “Slavers; they snuck up on us before we even knew what was happening. Aenaa and Laef were taken down first, caught by surprise. Bwekf, Hsferg and I tried to fight but we were surrounded. It was over so fast. . . they. . .” More tears pool in her eyes. “They killed Bwekf, he wouldn’t stop fighting and they shot him.” Poe wonders how all this went on without him able to hear any of it. He should have been able to at least hear the blaster fire, unless they were using something else that was silent. Even then he should have heard his squad mates struggling. “Festlia. . . I’m sorry I should have noticed something as wrong.” “It wouldn’t have mattered; they had some sort of sound dampening device. We couldn’t communicate with each other because we couldn’t hear each other.” Festlia looks away. “All our training and we were helpless. I don’t know what’s become of Laef, Aenaa and Hsferg.” She doesn’t answer his question about what happened to her in the room and Poe doesn’t press. Poe’s about to say something when their conversation is interrupted by a deep voice that brings chills up Poe’s spine. “Well, well, looks like I have my next pupil.” Without them realizing the Snivvian walked within range of their voices. “Ecksg has already told me that you’ve got quite the mouth on you, let’s see if we can’t get it trained for something useful.” Snapping his fingers the Snivvian summons the two guards over and together the manhandle Poe out of this cage. Considering the height and weight that the Gamorrean’s have over Poe, it’s no surprise that they get him out and drag him into the room easily despite any attempt of Poe trying to fight them off. Poe’s forced to his knees and the cuffs on his hands are undone only so that he can be cuffed to the ground. On either side of him are two poles with leashes attached, both of these leases are hooked into his collar preventing him from moving his head much. The Snivvian moves to stand in front of him and Poe has a horrifying realization of just what he’s about to be ‘taught.’ “Alright boy; we can make this easy or hard” The Snivvian says gazing down at Poe with disinterest. “You’re going to learn how to do this whether you cooperate or not. I can assure you it will go much easier on you and be much less painful if you do as I say and don’t fight me.” The way the Snivvian is speaking about how he is going to assault Poe with so much disinterest makes Poe angry. “Kriff you! I’m not going to make this any easier on you, you scum!” Sighing in annoyance the Snivvian gesture’s to one of the guards who grabs Poe’s head and holds it tightly. The Snivvian disappears from Poe’s sight and comes with two things in his hands. One was a set of leather straps wrapped around a durasteel ring; the other was some sort of hood that looked to cover the entire head with only a hole where the mouth was. “If you do not behave I will use this simple gag to keep your mouth open and force you to learn today’s lesson.” There was no threat in the Snivvian’s voice, it was all fact. He held up the hood next. “This is for when you are particularly volatile; it’s a sensory deprivation hood; you won’t be able to hear, smell or see anything the only thing you will know is my cock and the others I will use to train you.” Stepping closer to Poe, he knelt in front of him. “I’m giving you the choice once again boy. Are you going to take your lesson well like your friend out there did, or am I going to have to be drastic with you?” There was a part of Poe that had wanted to take the ‘easier’ way about this but the mention Festlia and the memory of her crying face shut that down. “Go to Hell you Hutt-spawn.” “I can see that you’re going to be very difficult then.” Poe didn’t even have a chance to try and move before he was grabbed by both guards, one keeping his body still and the other holding his head tightly in place, not that he could have moved much anyway with the way he was chained, while the Snivvian advanced on him with the hood. “I do hope that this will show you the reward of being a good boy before too long.” The words were the last thing Poe hears as the hood was placed over his head. He can feel the hood going into place and hear the faint sound as it was positioned and buckled and then nothing. Soon enough even the sensation of the guards’ hands on him is gone leaving only the feeling of the cold floor under his knees and the chains around his wrists, after some time even that fades to white static. Poe doesn’t know how much time passes in this horrible bubble of silence but it’s enough to cause an itch under his skin; he’s so used to at least hearing everything around him and has never been so cut off from everything before. That’s the worst part of it; he could do temporarily without his sight or sense of smell but not being able to hear makes him feel horrifyingly alone. It could be minutes or hours of this when Poe feels something shifting against the open mouthpiece of the hood. The sour and salty taste of what Poe instinctually knows is the Snivvian’s cock touches his tongue and as much as Poe wants to try and spit the thing out, it’s also the first real sensation Poe has experienced in what feels like ages, and he feels like sobbing in relief at the feel of it against his tongue. The cock itself is fatter than Poe’s own cock and covered in fine bristles that tickle against Poe’s tongue. The way it stretches his mouth borders on painful but Poe takes that pain and uses it. Not wanting to lose what feels like the only thing that could even hope to ground him, Poe licks at it like a man dying of thirst, trying to pull more into his mouth so that he can have as much of it as possible. When Poe’s efforts are eventually rewarded with the salty tang of cum he drinks it up eagerly, his mouth aching and his throat parched. The relief it gives him is only temporary and soon the Snivvian is pulling out and Poe wants to scream because he can’t lose all sensation again. Soon though another cock is shoved into his mouth this one feels synthetic but it is warm in his mouth; there are spines near the head of it that sting when they hit the back of his throat, but not enough to damage or draw blood. Over and over again Poe sucks and licks at the variety of different cocks that are shoved into his mouth with only the occasional break for water to be dripped down his throat to relieve parching. Eventually though Poe can’t take anymore; he’s both delirious and his mouth, tongue and throat are swollen and aching. It’s only then that the hood is removed and Poe’s assaulted by the dimmed lights of the Snivvian’s teaching room. Poe can’t even muster up the energy to feel ashamed as he begins to sob when his senses return to him, even though everything feels so much sharper than it had before. The Snivvian grabs Poe’s chin with a firm hand. “Remember the feeling of that hood boy, you’ve got many lessons ahead of you before you’re ready for the block and if you don’t behave you’ll go back in the hood, understood?” Nodding with as much energy as he can muster, Poe tries to convey how very much he understands. He doesn’t want to ever experience the hood again, anything is better than that. “Good. Take him back to his cage, make sure he has some fortified water and watch him.” The Snivvian is giving the guards instructions but they all feel fuzzy to Poe, whose head has begun to spin. The guards don’t even manage to make it all the way back to his cage before Poe slips into the relieving hands of unconsciousness. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Heavy are These Chains series