There are few things that Anakin Hux enjoys more than flying. There are some things that come pretty close- spending afternoons by the lake near the resistance base, playing Dejarik with Chewie, working on his lightsaber with his mother- but none of them are quite like this. The stars stretch out before him as he loops and plunges and practices his manoeuvres in his X-wing- the X-wing that has become like a part of him, that is so much like an extension of his body now. It’s the one place he feels most at home, most himself. His heart breaks a little every time he has to return to D'Qar, and he lets out a little sigh of sadness as he touches down, the familiar sight of the resistance base surrounding him once more. It’s not quite as spectacular as the stars, but it’s home. As Anakin climbs out of the cockpit and pulls off his helmet, waiting for his droid co-pilot to be unloaded, he catches sight of his father climbing out of his own spacecraft. Anakin only has his father to thank for becoming the skilled pilot he is today. At just sixteen years old, there is already talk of him taking part in missions. He hopes that General Dameron has been impressed by his performance in the training exercise today. “You did well today, Ani,” says a smooth voice with a refined accent. Anakin’s father, Hux as he is affectionately known to those closest to him (Anakin still doesn’t quite understand why he detests his first name so much), stands tall at over 6ft, but his commanding tone and confident body language make him appear even more so. Despite the air of superiority he sometimes exerts, Hux has kind eyes framed by the beginnings of wrinkles. Anakin has noticed that he is starting to show his age more, with specks of grey now tarnishing his red hair and beard. “Your manoeuvres were excellent,” Hux says as he comes to a halt beside his son, helmet tucked underneath one arm. “I couldn’t fault them.“ Anakin feels a sense of pride rush through him at his father’s praise. “Yeah, I did ok,” he replies with a modest shrug. “Better than ok,” Hux laughs, wrapping an arm around his son’s shoulders. “I’ve been flying all sorts of ships since I was about your age, and I’ve never seen someone so young take to piloting so naturally.” “So,” Anakin says, spotting an opportunity, “does this mean I can come with you on the next mission?” Hux laughs. “Well, I don’t know about that. We’ll have to see if General Dameron thinks you’re up to it. And I’m sure your mother will have something to say about it.” Anakin feels hope ignite inside him as he and Hux walk out of the hanger together, sharing their successes from today’s exercises. He knows he’s good enough to fly as part of missions; he’s proved himself a thousand times in training exercises in front of the General and his father. Even his grandmother, now too elderly to lead the resistance, has commented on his skill after observing his take offs and landings. Finally , Anakin thinks, a chance to be useful . ********** His hopes are soon dashed during a training session with his mother. They’re supposed to be meditating, but Anakin is having difficulty clearing his mind today when all he can think of is the next mission. His mother can clearly sense that Anakin isn’t focussed; it is one of his many gifts. Ben Hux has been described as cold by many, but in private he’s one of the warmest people Anakin knows. With a towering height that only just surpasses Anakin’s father, and dark hair that is just beginning to turn grey, Ben is intimidating to most who cross him. Anakin loves his mother dearly, but Ben can be very paranoid when it comes to Anakin going off-world, or leaving the resistance base, or doing anything that involves any excitement. “The answer is no,” Ben says, opening his eyes to look at his son. Anakin sighs. He should’ve known his mother would delve into his mind at the first sign that he was distracted. “Mom, please ,” Anakin implores, forgetting his meditation entirely as he feels the frustration start to build. “I didn’t make a single mistake in the training exercise yesterday. Ask dad, he thinks-” “Training is not the same as taking part in a mission,” Ben interrupts. “I agreed to let you train but I won’t have you putting yourself in danger.” Anakin feels the frustration turn to rage. “Why? What’s the point of all this-” he gestures to his lightsaber, lying dormant on the ground in front of him, “-if I can’t use any of it? Why are you teaching me to control the Force and use a lightsaber, and letting dad teach me to fly if I can’t put it into practice?” “Because I only want you to use it if you have to,” Ben replies, voice calm. Hux had often told Anakin about how his mother had terrible temper tantrums when they first met, but it seems he’s become better at controlling them with age. “We’re teaching you how to defend yourself, not how to throw yourself into dangerous situations. You’re sixteen, Ani.” “I’m older than you were when you were throwing yourself into dangerous situations,” Anakin says quickly, regretting it almost as soon as he says it. He sees the hurt flash across his mother’s face, just for a second. Anakin feels guilty for bringing up Ben’s fall to the dark side, but he’s just so angry. “Learn from my mistakes,” Ben says quietly. “I’m not losing you.” He stands and leaves the training room without another word. ********** Anakin spends the rest of the afternoon sulking, and his day only gets better when he runs into Thayer Dameron outside the command centre. “Is something wrong, Ani?” Thayer asks, concern in his warm brown eyes. He’s one of Anakin’s closest friends and can always tell when he’s in bad mood. Thayer is also one of those few people who seems to transcend age; he always appears to be far wiser than his thirteen years would suggest. “It’s my mom,” Anakin replies with a roll of his eyes. “Again?” Thayer chuckles, his voice light and airy. “Yeah. He won’t let me do anything, Thay. The training exercise went so well yesterday and I’m ready to go on a mission; I know I am.” “He’s just worried about you,” Thayer says gently, eyes soft. “Can you really blame him? After all he’s been through? He doesn’t want Snoke getting his hands on you.” “I can take care of myself,” Anakin snaps a little more harshly then he’d intended, annoyed by the fact that Thayer isn’t taking his side and even more annoyed by the fact that he knows his friend his right. “I’m ready. I know the X-wing controls like the back of my hand and I can do all the manoeuvres in my sleep- just ask your dad.” “Ask me what?” Thayer’s father, General Poe Dameron, emerges from the command centre with a smile on his face. Anakin swallows and straightens; General Dameron is one of the men he looks up to most after his parents. He is the greatest pilot in the resistance and has held the rank of General for nearly five years now, ever since Anakin’s grandmother stepped down. Poe is impossibly handsome and kind, and Anakin’s adoration for him had at one point developed into a teenage crush, but had thankfully passed with time. “General.” Anakin swallows. “I wanted to talk to you about the next mission.” Poe laughs. “You want to come, don’t you?” His smile widens when he sees Anakin blush. “Look, I get it, I was the same when I was your age. You’re a damn good pilot, Ani, and if it were up to me you’d be part of the team on the next mission.” Anakin feels his face redden even further from the praise, but his shoulders slump when he realises he hasn’t actually had a yes. “My mom will never let me,” Anakin says quietly. “Please, General, can’t you talk to him-” “Your mother is not someone I wanna argue with,” Poe cuts in. Anakin is aware that Poe and Ben have history. They are friendly enough now, but occasionally it is a strained relationship littered with tension. At first Anakin had suspected that Poe and Ben had been lovers once, but his mother had later explained the truth- how he’d captured and tortured Poe during his “dark days”, the days when he went by the name Kylo Ren. “He’s not someone I wanna argue with either,” Anakin laughs bitterly. Poe claps him on the shoulder. “Be patient, Ani. When you’re older, I’m sure your mom will be happy for you to join my team. But for now, you should just focus on your training so that when the time comes you’ll be kicking First Order ass.” Poe and Thayer are both very skilled at making Anakin feel better about almost anything. After five minutes of joking with them and telling them about his plans to build his own droid, he feels the frustration of the last few days slowly begin to ebb away. When he says goodbye to them and Thayer gives him a warm smile and a friendly hug, Anakin forgets what he was even annoyed about in the first place as he feels his heart pound and his cheeks flush. ********** It turns out that hugging Thayer in an open corridor comes back to bite Anakin later that evening, when he’s having dinner with his family in their private quarters. “So,” Han says, shovelling food into his mouth, “you and Thayer Dameron. What’s going on there?” Han Hux has the most obnoxious grin that Anakin has ever seen on a person, and it seems to make an appearance on an almost daily basis. His brother acts as though he’s three instead of thirteen sometimes; it occasionally makes Anakin embarrassed to be related to him particularly since they look so alike, although Han’s hair is far darker than Anakin’s, like their mother’s. “We’re friends,” Anakin replies, not meeting anyone’s eyes. “Uh huh.” Han is clearly unconvinced. “Friends. Even though you follow him around all the time and you drool when he’s talking-” “I don’t!” Anakin snaps, feeling his face turn red. “I think it’s sweet,” Jaina says softly. It’s hard to believe that she and Han are twins; unlike her brother, she seems far more mature than her thirteen years. Anakin gets on very well with his sister; she’s shy and reserved, yet entirely capable of taking care of herself. “It’s clear he likes you too, Ani.” Anakin shrugs and tries not to show how happy it makes him to hear that. He notices his parents give each other a small smile, and he’s not quite sure what it means but they seem to do it very often whenever family dinners erupt into gentle teasing. He knows those smiles are secret smiles, married smiles. He wonders if he’ll ever have someone like that to smile with and tries to shake the image of Thayer’s face from his mind. “I…” Anakin swallows, hardly believing that he’s about to admit this to his family. “I don’t even know if I like him like that.” “You do like him!” Han exclaims, waving his fork around excitedly. “I can answer that one for you.” Jaina rolls her eyes. “What would you know about love? How many relationships have you been in?” Han puts down his folk with a scowl. “Exactly.” Jaina gives a satisfied nod and turns to her parents. “How did you guys know that you liked each other? You know, like that?” Ben just smiles before looking inquisitively at his husband, as if he is curious to hear the answer himself. Hux laughs, his cheeks turning red behind his beard. “Well…it took a while for us to realise. It took a long time for us to even like each other at all.” “Really?” Anakin forgets his own embarrassment, curious to hear about his parents’ romantic beginnings. He is aware of their dark history; he knows they met while working for the First Order before defecting, having both been manipulated by Snoke. They’ve never actually told him the story of how they fell in love though. “You didn’t like each other when you first met?” Jaina asks, a look of surprise on her face. “When I first met your mother, I couldn’t stand him,” Hux chuckles. “The feeling was mutual,” Ben says with a playful roll of his eyes. “We were young,” Hux explains, blue eyes twinkling at the memory, “and too absorbed in our jobs. I was in command of my own ship, and I’d barely been in charge for five minutes before you mother was posted onboard. I didn’t see the benefit of him being there, and he disliked my way of doing things.” “Not all the time,” Ben cut in. “A lot of the time though,” Hux laughs. “And you were very fond of destroying parts of my ship with your lightsaber.” Anakin and his siblings laugh; it’s an almost comical image, although he can imagine it must have been very frustrating for his father. “Anyway,” Hux continues, “we were both under a lot of pressure and we needed to work together to get things done. So we used to talk a lot, and as I got to know your mother I realised he wasn’t all that bad.” Hux pauses to give Ben another one of those small secret smiles, which is briefly returned. “We began to look to each other for comfort.” Anakin smirks. Look to each other for comfort , he thinks to himself. So that’s what the kids are calling it these days? “Your mother fell pregnant,” Hux’s voice is thick with emotion now. Anakin knows this part of the story. “That’s when I knew what I felt for him was something more. He miscarried, but fell pregnant again a few months later.” Hux looks pointedly at Anakin. “That’s when we fled to the resistance. We married in secret, shortly before you were born, Ani.” Anakin smiles. Despite all that his parents had been through, they had always had each other. Sometimes he wonders what would have happened if they had never met. He wonders if his mother would still be Kylo Ren, if his father would still be a First Order General. He knows they would most likely be alone, and unhappy. “I think that’s enough for one night,” Ben says suddenly, standing abruptly and beginning to clear the table. Anakin suspects that the story must have upset him despite its happy ending. There are parts that he knows his father deliberately left out; his parents being threatened by Snoke, the death of his grandfather- but he also knows that those memories must still be clear in his mother's mind. Anakin helps Ben to clear up while Hux and Han disappear to play Dejarik and Jaina goes to her room to study. “Are you ok?” Anakin asks gently. “I’m fine,” Ben replies with a tired smile. “It’s just been a long time since I’ve thought about a lot of that stuff. Although there are some things I think about all the time.” Anakin knows Ben is referring to Snoke. Wordlessly, Anakin puts his arms around his mother’s tall frame. “Sorry for arguing with you this morning,” he whispers, giving Ben a squeeze. “I just really wanted to go on this mission and…I should have listened to you.” Ben squeezes Anakin back. “Listen, about that. I’ve been talking to your father, and he tells me that the next planned mission is a relatively safe one. A simple scouting mission that will only take a few hours. I…perhaps you could join in on this one. Just this one.” Anakin looks at his mother, his heart in his mouth. He can’t believe it. Is he actually being given permission to do this? “You’ll stay with your father,” Ben says quickly, firmly. “You’ll do as he tells you. And you’ll train every day for the next two weeks to prepare.” “Yes,” Anakin babbles, his heart bursting with happiness. "I’ll train every day. I’ll do everything dad says. Can I really go?“ Ben bites his lip but nods reluctantly. Anakin lets out a joyful whoop before giving Ben another hug. "Thank you thank you thank you! You’re the best, mom. Love you.” Ben smiles and kisses his son’s cheek. “Don’t make me regret this.” “I won’t,” Anakin promises, returning his mother’s kiss before darting off to find his father and tell him the good news. He’s almost giddy with happiness at the thought of being one step closer to his dream. ********** Ben makes sure that Anakin keeps his word about training every day. Anakin doesn’t mind; he enjoys developing his skills and practising his technique, although his parents both push him harder than usual. His mother in particular makes their sessions more painful that what he is used to. Anakin is in the middle of a lightsaber duel with Ben one morning, and he’s becoming increasingly frustrated with himself when his mother manages to disarm him. “Again,” Ben demands, using the Force to return Anakin’s lightsaber to him. “This time I’m going to try to penetrate your mind as well- you’re going to block me.” Anakin frowns. “Why?” He’s never had to block someone from his mind at the same time as duelling. “Because you might come across a user of the Force who will try to manipulate you when you are distracted. You do not want to leave yourself open to any kind of attack.” Anakin barely has a moment to argue before Ben is lunging at him with his lightsaber once again, and this time he can feel his mother’s mind trying to meld with his own. He blocks Ben’s lightsaber blows successfully, but he struggles to maintain his stamina as he feels invisible fingers attempt to probe through his mind. Anakin knows that he has to convince his mother that he can do this if he is to be allowed to go on this mission. He’s struggling though; he can feel Ben’s attempts to reach into his mind become stronger as he becomes more fatigued from the physical duel. As he blocks Ben’s lightsaber yet again and loses his footing, Anakin finally feels his mother’s familiar presence in his mind. Ashamed by his failure and unwilling to accept defeat, Anakin focuses his mind and pushes with all his might, pushes Ben out of his mind, pushes him out out out and then- -and then he watches Ben stumble back, caught off guard by the powerful blow from the Force, and then Anakin’s mind is bombarded with images- His mother, barely older than Anakin is now, being taught how to use his first lightsaber by his uncle- A man with a deformed, terrifying face, a powerful Force-user. Anakin has never seen him before but he knows who he is- The fear and terror that grips Ben’s heart as he slaughters his fellow apprentices, the adrenaline and the shame that rushes through him as Kylo Ren is born- Days and nights of training, of pain, of homesickness- Anakin’s father, young and handsome in his General’s uniform, saluting as Kylo Ren sets foot onboard the Finalizer for the first time- Flashes of Anakin’s parents arguing, standing together before the man with the deformed face, their hatred for one another thick in the air- Anakin’s parents studying maps of star systems together, discussing strategy, trying to co-operate- Lips sliding together, heat growing and Kylo Ren’s loneliness fading- Kylo Ren informing Hux of his pregnancy, Hux’s uncaring expression cutting through the Knight of Ren like the tip of a lightsaber- Kylo Ren lying half-dead in the snow, his skin burning and his stomach in agony as he feels blood trickle down his thighs. He is afraid that he has lost everything. But then there is hope as the man he loves gathers him in his arms and carries him to safety- The man with the deformed face, Snoke, giving Anakin’s parents empty condolences, assuring them that their next child will be the greatest weapon the galaxy has ever seen- The smile on Hux’s face when he is told once again that he is to be a father, and the fear when he realises they cannot stay with the Order- Anakin’s father taking his mother’s hand as they run run run run- Anakin feels himself stumble backwards and fall to the ground as he is pushed out of his mother’s mind. Ben stands before him, breathless and white-faced, his eyes and cheeks wet with tears. It takes Anakin a moment to shake the disorientation before he’s babbling apologies to his mother, and he feels Ben’s warm arms wrap around him. “I had no idea,” Anakin sniffs, squeezing Ben tightly. “I had no idea of all that you’ve been through.” “Well now you know,” Ben says in a shaky voice. “Now you know what he’s capable of. Now you know why I’m so afraid all the time.” That night, Anakin is haunted by dreams of a man with a deformed face, one giant hand reaching out to tear him away from his family. ********** Anakin doesn’t enjoy the mission half as much as he thought he would. It’s a simple scouting mission, but it is quite exciting. Anakin enjoys the freedom that it allows him and he is glad to have the opportunity to prove himself to General Dameron and to his father. But his mind is only half on the mission; the other half is distracted by thoughts of his mother being haunted by that face. Anakin knows all about Snoke, leader of the First Order. He’s heard all about how Snoke manipulated his mother and turned him to the Dark Side. He knows of Snoke’s cruelty towards his parents and those under his command. He’s been told of Snoke’s ruthlessness. Anakin’s heart aches to think of all that his mother had been through while under Snoke’s command; seeing his memories had made his pain even more apparent. He now understands why his parents are so afraid all the time. When Anakin returns to the resistance base, he is congratulated on his performance by his father and General Dameron. For a moment he forgets his worries as he receives the praise he has earned. Anakin finds himself practically glowing when the General says that he will consider allowing Anakin to participate in their next mission. His moment of pride doesn’t last for long though when he notices the solemn faces of all those who’ve come to greet them in the hanger. ********** The funeral of Leia Organa is attended by beings from across the galaxy. Anakin knows his grandmother was a well-loved woman, both politically and personally. It was easy to see why; she had been uncompromising in her beliefs and her willingness to defend those without a voice and stand up for what was right. Anakin has fond memories of sitting on her knee to hear tales of her adventures, being fed freshly baked cookies from her quarters, being allowed to sit beside her during meetings in the command centre. He is told that she died peacefully in her sleep. The last thing she had done before bed was to check on how the mission was going. General Dameron had been the last person she had spoken to. The ceremony is led by Anakin’s Great Uncle Luke. He gives his sister a traditional Jedi burial. General Dameron, Finn, and Thayer stand together near the front, heads bowed respectfully. Rey is with them too; she had returned to the base from a solo mission in order to attend. Anakin stands with his parents and his siblings, his heart heavy and his eyes stinging. He doesn’t want to cry in front of everyone, not when he wants to be seen as mature enough to take part in missions. He shifts a little closer to Chewie, who he is thankful has also returned to the base. He feels one furry arm wrap around him tightly. His father is wearing his Resistance officer’s uniform; his mother is dressed in black robes. Hux says it’s the first time he’s seen Ben wear black since they left the Order. ********** Anakin throws himself into his training after that. He misses his grandmother so much it hurts and the only way he can think of to dull the pain is to push himself to his physical and mental limits. Ben seems to deal with grief the same way, and they spend hours in the training room together. “Your father tells me you did really well on the mission,” Ben says after a particularly energetic lightsaber duel one afternoon, glancing over to where Hux is sparring with one of the other commanders. “I’d meant to congratulate you but my mind has been on other things over the last few days.” Anakin smiles. “It’s okay.” Feeling oddly sentimental, he throws his arms around Ben. “I miss her too.” Ben hugs him back, squeezing gently. Anakin takes a deep breath, spotting an opportunity. “General Dameron thought I did really well too. He’s thinking about putting me on the team for the next mission.” Anakin can sense his mother’s apprehension before he looks at his face. “I don’t think that’s a good idea.” Ben is frowning as he breaks the hug, biting his bottom lip. “Your dad says the next mission is going to be a lot more dangerous.” “I can handle it,” Anakin says quickly. “I know the X-wing like the back of my hand. I’m strong with the Force, you said so yourself. Mom, I want to help-” “It’s too dangerous,” Ben cuts in sharply. “I allowed you to go on the scouting mission. It’s highly likely that there will be an encounter with First Order officers during the next mission and I will not put you in harm’s way.” Anakin feels that familiar frustration return to him. He’s struck by the overwhelming urge to destroy every object in the room with his lightsaber. “Why are you doing this to me?” Anakin can feel his eyes stinging with unshed tears and he’s vaguely aware that his father is now watching them from the corner of the room. “Why are you treating me like a child? You’re going to have to let me go at some point.” “I’m not going over this again.” Ben’s eyes are tired as he rubs his temples. “You know my feelings on this.” “Well your feelings are wrong,” Anakin hisses through gritted teeth, the anger bubbling inside him like a fountain threatening to overflow. “I’m more powerful than you give me credit for.” Ben’s face is white, eyes wide. He looks as though he doesn’t recognise his own son. “That’s what I used to say, you know,” he whispers, almost trembling. “Before…before my dark days.” The fountain of anger finally floods. “That’s not going to happen to me!” Anakin shouts, fists clenched at his sides. “I want to protect the Resistance, not destroy it. I’m not going to be like you and turn to the Dark Side!” “Anakin!” Hux has appeared at his son’s side, one hand on his shoulder. “What the hell has gotten into you?” “Nothing!” Anakin shrugs his father away a little more violently than he intends. “I just want to help! I just want to help you and the Resistance and be treated like an adult.” “That may be so,” Hux says with quiet rage, “but you cannot talk to your mother like that.” Anakin holds his hands up in defeat, beyond caring now. “Whatever. Hold me back if that’s what you want. Just leave me alone, both of you.” He summons his lightsaber with the Force and storms to the door of the training room. “By the way,” he calls back to his stunned parents, “stop referring to your time with the Order as your dark days . Just be open about the fact that you used to be Kylo fucking Ren .” Anakin knows it’s a cruel thing to say and he can hear his father bark at him as he leaves the room, but he doesn’t regret saying it. Even when he imagines the hurt look on his mother’s face. He doesn’t regret it. ********** A few days later Han and Jaina leave for the Dagobar system. Luke had agreed with their parents to take them there to train for three days with Rey, just as he had done when he was younger. All three of them were supposed to go and it had been all they’d talked about for weeks since they so rarely have the opportunity to go off-world. However Hux had since forbidden Anakin from going as punishment for being disrespectful to his mother. Anakin tries to tell himself that he doesn’t care as he hugs his brother and sister goodbye and watches them climb into a shuttle with Luke and Rey. He tries to tell himself that a trip to the Dagobar system is really no big deal as he watches the shuttle disappear into the stars. He’s not going to let this get to him. His parents are there but he says nothing to them. He doesn’t want to give them the satisfaction of knowing that their punishment is effective. "You have too much pride, son,” Hux says quietly, hands behind his back as Ben wanders off to talk to General Dameron. “You get that from me.” Anakin rolls his eyes but says nothing. “I soon learnt that there were things for which I was willing to give up my pride.” Hux’s eyes momentarily fix on Ben across the other side of the hanger. “It would do you well to learn that lesson quicker than I did.” Anakin usually loves spending time with his father but he’s really not in the mood to talk at the moment. He knows he must seem childish sulking like this but he can’t shake the thought of his younger siblings going off on an adventure while he’s left alone at the base. ********** Anakin throws himself into his training over the next few days, avoiding his parents at all costs. He distracts himself with his lightsaber, purposefully using the training room at times when he knows his mother won’t be present. He doesn’t care if he hurts his parents’ feelings. He knows this is supposed to be a lesson in humility but he hates them for what they’ve done. And then, on an ordinary afternoon three days after his siblings had left, it happens. He’s about to sit down to have a rest when a deafening rumble fills the air and the ground shakes momentarily, throwing Anakin off his feet. He summons his lightsaber just before a second quake strikes and he hears screams from down the corridor. His thoughts turn quickly to Han and Jaina before he remembers that they’re off-world ( safe with Luke and Rey , he reassures himself). He instead decides to try and locate his parents as the screaming becomes louder and he’s sure he can hear blaster fire- Before he can do much else though he is knocked to the ground with another shake of the earth beneath him and he hits his head with such force that he feels sick. The last thing he remembers before he loses consciousness is a cold voice reaching into his mind and freezing his heart. I have come for you now. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 3 of the The "Something" Series series