CHAPTER 1 DISCLAIMER: I don't own Star Wars or any character of that universe, I just enjoy writing! + I'n not American, so I don't have that much knowledge about the highschool system. Everything that's in here was simply looked up on the internet! Rey was running late. This was not the first time. She feared it would not be the last either. Taking two stairs at a time, she raced down the stairs and cursed herself for hitting the snooze button over and over again. Adrenaline was pumping through her body, making her feel awake, but she knew she would probably be crashing down the moment she would sit down in school. She was working late shifts in Maz Kanatas’ cantina, even on weekdays, to pay the old lady back for the favor of letting her stay in her house. After she had run away from one of her foster families once again, she had found refuge there. Rey had lost count of all the foster families she had gone through in the last years. Her parents had abandoned her, before she could have been able to remember them. It did not work to ignore the feelings of neglect and emptiness, her parents’ decision had left in her. When she laid in bed, her body tired from another long shift, her thoughts did not keep quiet. No, they rambled around ruthlessly, as they made her go through every possible scenario which had led her parents to leaving her. When she finally drifted off to sleep and the desperation filling every fiber of her body had left it, there were only little hours left for her to rest. School did not make her life any easier. She was struggling to keep up with the assignments, with the tests and she had to fight hard to achieve grades that she could at least call acceptable. - When Rey finally arrived at school, first period had already started. The hallways were completely empty, as her hurried steps echoed through them. “Ms. Kenobi, what a nice surprise that you finally decided to greet us with your presence”, Mr. Davies, her English teacher had his back turned toward the other students. Still he had recognized Reys miserable attempt to sneak to her seat without him noticing it. Mr. Davies was no intimidating man, but the disciplined and timid way, in which he taught his classes made his students have respect for him. He was probably in his early thirties and had hazel hair, which was usually combed back and his blue eyes hid behind large glasses with a black frame. Contrary to her other teachers he even wore shirts that really fit him, instead of those that simply looked like loose bags. He was an attractive man and Rey was sure that many girls from his classes were crushing on him, but not her. There was an equal dislike on both sides of their relationship. Mr. Davies seemed to think that there would be nothing more important in the world than overanalyzing English literature, whereas Rey was fond of physics or chemistry or simply the subjects, which told her things she could use later on. “Well, now that you’re here”, he slowly turned around, “why don’t you sit down?”. Instantly her cheeks flushed bright red. Since she had entered the room, she had been standing in the entrance, paralyzed, because everyone was looking at her. Some girls in the back in the room snickered at her, while she approached her seat. The only one of her classmates who was smiling at her was her friend Finn. “Hey Peanut”, he greeted her, putting a coffee-to-go cup on her table, “I knew you’d still be coming”. They had met at the beginning of junior year. For once she had been punctual and had tried to open the locker, she had assumed to be assigned to her. Neither the curses she had thrown at it nor her pleads, seemed to could have convinced it to open. It was Finn, who had told her in the end, that there must have been a mix-up at the secretary. His locker had not opened either, but it immediately did the moment they had typed in Reys’ code. She was usually untrusting towards new people, but there had been something about Finn, about the way he did not stop talking and the way he made her laugh, which had made her feel confident in his company from the start. He was different than her. Always on time, always perfectly prepared and always receiving the best grades. Whenever Rey had some free time between school and her work, he helped her with the assignments she had not been able to finish or they simply met in the cafeteria and talked about everything coming to their minds. She had never expected that it would feel so good to have someone she could trust the way, she did now with Finn. “Thank you”, she smiled back at him, as she put her hands around the cup. “You’re welcome. I just figured you might need it, after you skipped first period. Besides, the part of the human body that should usually consist of water probably consists of coffee in your case. Can’t have you deprived of your life source”. “No sugar, no cream?”. “Yes, peanut”. “You’re an angel, you know that?”. “Yeah, it’s not the first time you call me that”. Rey chuckled, while she took the first sip of the coffee. “So, late shift at the cantina again?”, Finn asked quietly after some minutes and raised his brows, after Mr. Davies had started writing on the black board again. Rey nodded, while she started doodling on the margin of her notebook. The caffeine needed to kick in first, before she could put the things her teacher had written on the black board into the right context. “You still think it’s good if you keep working there?”, he sounded worried. “I don’t have another option at the moment. Maz is giving me the room as payment for the work I do at the cantina. The tip I get is far from enough for me to afford my own place”, Rey sighed, before she looked at him. “I know that, but what about getting a different job? You could still pay Maz for the room, but you wouldn’t have to do these late shifts”. “And where besides school and work should I have the time to look for a job?”, answered Rey a little to loud, even though Finn was right, “I have barely two hours between school and work to do my assignments and get ready for work”. “Ms. Kenobi”, Mr. Davies turned around and frowned at Rey, “is there a specific reason for you having the need to miss half of my lesson and then disturbing other students from learning something? Maybe you’d like to point it out. I’m sure it would be very interesting”. “No, there isn’t. I’m sorry”, Rey bit her lip to keep herself from saying anything else. “Well then, why don’t you read your analysis for the sonnet all of you were supposed to read?”, she could her the mocking tone in his voice, “if you’ve done it”. “I, um”, she felt her cheeks flush red again as she looked through her notebook, knowing she had forgotten it. Mr. Davies had caught her red-handed and he seemed to savor every minute of it. She heard Finn whisper her name quietly and turned to him. He stretched his arm out to reach her, the analysis in his hand. Rey glanced quickly in Mr. Davies direction. He had turned his back towards the students and was looking for something in his bag. Probably the small notebook, in which he usually wrote down the names of the people who had not done their assignments. Rey did not dare to speak, so she silently mouthed thank you to Finn, before she grabbed the analysis. “I got it”, she said confidently, as she caused her teacher to turn around. Mr. Davies looked bewildered for a second, before he regained his stern expression. His nod signaled her to start reading. - The rest of the English lesson had flown by after Rey had read the analysis. Even though, it had not been her own work she had felt validated as Mr. Davies had complemented her, or rather Finns’ style of writing. The analysis really had been great, listing aspects Rey had not recognized when she first read it. By now the caffeine had fully kicked in and she felt ready for the day. “Thank you so much”, acknowledged Rey, as Finn and her left the classroom, “you saved my life like two times today and it’s not even 10 AM. I owe you, big time”. “No big deal. You would have done the same thing”, Finn answered, while they were walking towards his locker, “have you thought about the job idea again?”. “Yes”, she lied, as he turned around, “No, but I will, I promise”. Rey had no problems to deal with the customers at Maz Kanatas cantina. Some of the were nice, the biggest part of them was rude. Especially if they had to much alcohol. They often made advances to Rey, but she knew how to reject them. If one costumer was getting to close to her or too touchy, she made sure they would not do that again. Since she was little she had been used to fight for herself, to protect herself, so that was what she did at the cantina. She could not picture herself sitting behind a counter at a supermarket or serving coffee at a small Café, but the idea of working without having to put a constant guard up sounded nice. Finn nodded. He tried to look serious, but Rey could see the corner of his mouth starting to twitch. “What?”, she asked curiously, as she observed him while he put his English books in his locker, “what is it, Finn?”. “You said you owe me”, he repeated, “big time”. Rey raised her brows in anticipation. She did not know what she had to expect from him. “I guess, I did”. “Well”, he closed the locker, “the bonfire’s tomorrow and –“. “No”, Rey said determined, “I’m not going to the bonfire. I don’t like these large gatherings, you know that. I don’t like people”. “Yes, I do, but we’re going anyway”, Finn sounded smug with himself, “you owe me that”. “I hate you”, Rey groaned dramatically. “You love me”. “Can’t we just stay at home, order pizza and watch a movie? I’d even watch that weird movie you like so much again”. “It’s called Inception and it’s not weird. You just have to pay attention to it”, Finn leaned against the lockers, “you’re trying to change the topic, very clever, but still, we’re going. I’m picking you up at 7 and don’t say you have to work. I know that you’re free on Fridays”. They had never gone to the annual spring bonfire. Big parties were not really Reys’ thing, nor were hundreds of drunk teenagers and she had expected Finn to know that. Something inside of her finally clicked, when she remembered who was organizing the festivities. The football team. “You want to go because Poe will be there, don’t you?”, her voice echoed through the filled hallway. Finn grabbed her arm, as he pulled her closer to him. “Be quiet”, he said, while he completely ignored her question. His reaction was already answer enough. Rey knew about the crush Finn had on Poe Dameron. He was a senior, dark-haired and brown-eyed, and the star member of the football team, who was constantly swarmed by other students. Rey and Finn had talked to him a few times and he had always been friendly and kind toward them, even though he would have had every right to be arrogant. Finn tried to hide his crush every time he would talk about Poe, but fail miserably every time, as his heart eyes easily gave him away. “Come on, admit it”, Rey said and winked at him. “Fine”, Finn sighed after a few seconds. He let go of Reys’ arm: “Yes, Poe’s the reason I want to go there if that makes you happy”. “I’m so going to make you talk to him”, Rey could not stop herself from grinning, “you better get ready for that”. This time Finn rolled his eyes, but smiled at her afterwards. “I hate you, Rey Kenobi”, he repeated her words jokingly, causing her to laugh. “No, you love me”, she quickly kissed him on the cheek, “I’ve to go to my locker and get some stuff for physics class, but I’ll be back in a minute”. He nodded silently, before Rey turned around and went down the crowded hallway. She preferred it empty like it had been in the morning. Her locker was only some meters away from Finns’. With quick fingers she typed in her code, while she did not pay attention to the conversations that were going on around her. Anybody else but Rey would say her locker was a mess, but to her it was an organized mess. She knew exactly where every book or every note was and she did not plan on changing her system anytime soon. The door of her locker was slammed shut before her eyes and she had just gotten her hands out of it in time for them to not be trapped in it. The banging noise caused her to jump. “What the hell?!”, she screamed at the tall guy standing in front of her. It was Armitage Hux, a senior. They had physics class together. His father was a commandant in the military and one of the people who regularly donated money to the school to pay for reparations or school dances, which led to Hux thinking that he was superior to the others. Rey despised him with every fiber in her body. His cold blue eyes were looking down at her, while a smirk crept on his lips. “Good Morning to you as well”, he said, “I’m happy to see you too”. “Spare me the bullshit”, Rey tried to open her locker again, but he held it shut, “go away”. “No”. “What do you want?”, she spat out. “The physics homework. I bet you mastered them brilliantly”. “No”, Rey pushed him away and opened her locker again, “do it yourself. Your brain might be smaller than a guinea pigs, but even that will be enough for the assignment”. “You should not talk to me like that”. “Yeah, why is that?”, she raised her brows, as she shut her locker. She felt her body beginning to get overwhelmed by anger. Hux snorted. “Because you’re just a little orphan girl”, he scorned, “you don’t have any authority here. You’d think you have power here with your pretty little insults, but let me burst your bubble. You’re going to end up on the street, without a job or a home, like your parents probably did before you and I can’t tell you how excited I’m for the day when I see you sitting in the dirt and remind you of the time you thought you were better than me”. Rey did not think rationally in the next seconds. Her emotions took complete control over her body, as she punched Hux in his face. She would not let him talk to her like that. He was as surprised by her movements as she was herself. Blood was dripping from his nose over his lips and left stains on his blue shirt, while he looked at her, completely stunned. Reys’ knuckles were still vibrating from her punch, but the feeling of power growing inside her made her ignore it. She felt so powerful and alive, as she heard her heartbeat beating loudly in her ears, it almost scared her. She should feel at least a bit guilty, but she did not. It took her some time to realize that everyone was looking at them, unable to speak or move. Nobody would have expected her, the loner girl to hit one of the most privileged students at school. Finn came running toward her, with an alarmed expression on his face. He was not able to hide a small smile from creeping onto his lips, as he saw Hux bleeding nose. Rey heard someone call her name several times, but she did not react. Not until Mr. Davies had reached her. His grip around her arm was tight, almost too tight for it to not be hurting and she did not even try to fight him. “You’re in big trouble”, he stated, his eyes flashing with anger. Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 2 The longer Mr. Davies left her waiting in front of the headmasters’ office, the more the power Rey had felt minutes ago started to drain away. All of the years she had done her best to go unnoticed, not to attract unnecessary attention in her direction. Hitting Hux messed all that up. “You’re going to end up on the street, without a job or a home, like your parents probably did before you and I can’t tell you how excited I’m for the day when I see you sitting in the dirt and remind you of the time you thought you were better than me”. Her heritage was a sensitive topic to her and Hux would have been the last out of all people she wanted to talk to about it. Even when she was with Finn, she usually avoided that topic, as she feared it might evoke the feelings in her again, that were already haunting her at night. Hux had made her go off with it and she still hated him for it. Letting her anger take control, had felt good for some minutes, but had left her with feelings of embarrassment and guilt. She had already been known as the orphan girl, with nearly no friends, but now she would be remembered as the orphan girl who also had serious anger issues. The way toward the headmasters’ office had felt like Reys’ personal walk of shame. Every time she had closed her eyes, vivid memories of the looks the other students had given her and the way they had pointed at her flashed before her eyes. “Ms. Kenobi”, Mr. Davies’ voice ripped her out of her thoughts. He was standing in the doorstep toward the headmasters’ office and gestured her to come inside. While she stood up, her heart felt like bird who was desperately trying to break free from his cage. “Rey Kenobi”, Headmaster Murphy did not bother to look up from the notes that were laying on his wooden desk, once Rey entered the room He was a man in his early sixties, chubby with little to no hair left on his head. It was extremely hot in his office and Rey did not only see the sweat glistening on his forehead, but she did also smell it. She was grateful for the fact that the human senses were adjusting themselves to their environment after some minutes. Otherwise she might have feared to pass out from the overwhelming smell in the office. “Please sit down”, the headmaster looked up, while he gestured her to sit down in front of him. The chairs in his office were old and creaked as Rey sat down in one of them. “I can explain”, she nervously blurted out. “You probably do”, Headmaster Williams’ voice was calm, almost soothing, “but Mr. Davies already explained the incident to me”. “But he didn’t see what happened”, Rey fumbled around at the sleeve of her off-white cardigan, “please, let me explain”. “To be honest, it has surprised me to hear about you acting this way”, he continued, as he completely ignored Reys’ plead, “there are no further records of any violent behavior in your record. I rather thought of you as a student who would want to catch attention by getting good grades, not hitting other students”. “Because I don’t usually do it. He insulted me, he insulted my parents and I got so angry, I just hit him”. Headmaster Williams scratched the back of his head. It was inevitable he would not not give her a punishment. He probably feared to lose one of the schools’ main sponsors, if he would just caution her to not do something like that again. “It’s not important what he said to you”, he stated soberly, “but we don’t tolerate any kind of violence here. There will be consequences, Ms. Kenobi”. “You’re going to reorganize the files in the storage area with the other students in detention. We have renovated it in the last summer holidays and it’s still a mess”, Mr. Williams continued, “it’s going to take a lot of time, but I’d say it’s enough if you just stay for two hours after school. Let’s hope such an incident will not appear again. That would be all, Ms. Kenobi”. Rey nodded silently, before she stood up and left his office. - The rest of the school day had flown by. After Rey had left the headmasters’ office, physics had already started. Luckily, Hux had been sitting in front of her quietly so she did not have to put up with him again, besides the hateful glances he had thrown in her direction. She and Finn did have lunch together and he had told her how proud he was of her for hitting Hux, which had made her laugh. Maz had not been happy to hear about her delay, but in the end she had agreed to give Rey the day off if she would work on next weeks Friday. Fortunately for her, Rey had already been to the storage area before, so she did not have any problems finding it. The door had already been opened. Mr. Williams had understated when he called the room a mess. There were so many big, paper boxes standing there with files scattered all over the linoleum floor it looked like a bomb had exploded there. Everything was covered in dust and the only source of light, besides a small window were lamps on the ceiling, of whom only half were working. The air in the room was thick, so that Rey left the door open to not be completely deprived of oxygen. She had been working for about half an hour, when she heard someone clear his throat. Ben Solo was standing in the doorstep. He was a senior, tall and dark-haired, with ears he still needed to grow into. Rey could not remember if she had ever said a single word to him. She knew about his reputation and that made did not make him very appealing to her. His parents had founded one of the biggest humanitarian organizations, called “the Resistance” and were away most of the times, so Ben could throw parties on a regular basis. The jagged scar across his face came from a car accident in which he had drunkenly crashed his fathers’ car after one of his excessive parties. To Rey it looked like he was throwing away all the chances his parents’ wealth could give him on purpose. She could not think of a convincing reason why he behaved like that. “What do you want?”, she sighed, as she stood up. She suppressed the urge to cough, as she inhaled several dust clouds that were flowing around in the air. “They told me to reorganize the storage area. You know, instead of detention f”, his voice was deep. Deeper than Rey would have expected it to be. Ben put his black backpack next to the door and came closer to her. He smelled fresh and minty, as he stood before her and Rey had to lift her head in order to look him in his face. The dark green sweater he was wearing contrasted his pale complexion. “We’re the only ones here?”, he raised his brows. The scar from the car accident crossed his whole face and even his shoulder, but it did not make him unattractive. “I don’t know”, she shrugged, “I just want to get it over with”. “Well, you should consider yourself lucky. Not many people get the luxury of being in my presence”. “It’s not like I specifically asked for it”, Rey answered sarcastically, “there’d be a lot of other things I’d rather be doing right now”. “Ouch, that hurt”, Ben put his hand on his chest and pretended to be in pain. He grinned at her and made Reys’ cheeks flush red against her will. She turned away quickly, while she hoped he had not recognized her reaction. From the corner of her eye she saw him bent down and grab some of the files. There was a moment of awkward silence between them, which was disturbed by him clearing his throat. “I’m sure I know why you’re here”, even if she was not looking at him she could hear the grin he still had on his lips in his voice, “you got quite the punch, I have to hand that to you. Almost broke Huxs’ nose”. “And why are you so happy about that?”, Rey turned back to him, the heat in her cheeks had luckily vanished. He did not stop moving, but he stood so close to her that his sleeve brushed against her shoulder every time he put files in the upper part of the shelf. The room had smelt like fresh paint, but now all Rey could smell was Bens’ fresh and minty scent. “Because he’s a total douchebag”, everything in his voice sounded completely earnest. Still, the grin on his lips was telling otherwise. “Well then, why aren’t you two the best of friends?”, the words escaped Reys’ mouth faster than she had planned for them to. She had insulted him, so she expected him to be angry or at least lose the grin glued to his lips. Instead, he threw his head back and laughed. Rey looked at him. She tried to suppress a smile, but his laugh was infecting. “God”, he had to catch his breath, “why haven’t I talked to you before? You’re so feisty”. “I’m not really trying to be recognized. I’m not throwing unnecessary parties every weekend”. “Oh, well. Thanks for letting me know what an clear opinion you have of me”. “Come on. It’s not like you’d care about my opinion”. “You’re sure about that?”, he raised an eyebrow. Rey kept quiet, her cheeks were already beginning to get hot again. Why would he care about what she thought of him? As she took a file from a pile next to her, she felt him observing her movements. She stretched out to reach the upper part of the shelf, but did not succeed in doing so. “Do you want me to help you?”, he mocked her. “No”, she answered, while she stretched further. She was not extremely small, but the shelf was still too high. “You’d probably be successful if you’d climb that thing”. “Shut up”. Following her demand, he came closer and took the file out of her hand. Rey jumped a little, when he touched her. She told herself, she had probably just imagined the spark, that had felt like the one she would usually get when she had rubbed her socks on the rug in her bedroom for too long, even though she still felt the goose bumps linger on her skin. “I would’ve managed that by myself, you know”, she protested, as she folded her arms. “I don’t think so”. She rolled her eyes, before she looked through the room. There were two boxes left and at least as many files to fill a third. Only an hour had passed since she had started working. “We better divide the rest”, she unsubtly changed the topic, “I’ll take the right side and you the left”. “You know, we’re never going to manage that all in the next hour, right?”. “Doesn’t mean we can’t try”. “If you say so”, he walked past her and his arm brushed against hers, “call me when you reached the higher parts”. It was weird, how he made her feel like she was in elementary school all over again. He acted in a childish manner, so that Rey wanted to stick out her tongue at him. Nonetheless, she had not anticipated to even have the slightest amount of fun at detention, like it was the case now. Even if it felt kind of strange to be there with Ben Solo. He had not given her the chance to build up the wall around herself, she usually did when she met new people for the first time. He had directly talked to, touched her and teased her. She did not exactly feel comfortable around him. His touch had made her feel giddy and weird, but she could not deny that there was something thrilling or exciting about him. Something that made her feel drawn to him. “You know you don’t strike me as someone who regularly hits people”, Bens’ voice echoed through the room, “or someone who doesn’t follow the rules”. The dust, he had inhaled made it sound raspy. “I’m not”. “Well, let me tell you it’s fun to bend the rules sometimes. It’s just important that you don’t break them”. “Oh, tell me about it. You must be the expert in that field”, she answered, with sarcasm dripping from her voice, “even though, you wouldn’t be here, if that had truly been the case”. Rey heard him chuckle softly, before he started to speak again. “Yeah, it might be better to really stay at home, instead of going into the city when you’re cutting class. Still, I’ve had my experience”, he said, as he opened the last one of the paper boxes, “and I’ve come to the conclusion that you’re in desperate need to gain them as well. You’re too good”. “No, I think I’m fine, thanks”, she answered, even though a part of her felt like he was telling her the truth. She had never broken any rule in school, in fear of the possible consequences. He quickly glanced at his watch. “We’re never going to finish these”, Ben pointed at the files scattered everywhere on the floor, “there are only about 45 minutes left”. “That doesn’t matter”. “It does”. “No. Come on, let’s go”, his voice sounded determined, as he went up to her. Her whole body was slowly filling up with excitement, the longer he looked at her. “Ben”, Reys’ voice did not sound as confident as she had wanted it to be, “we can’t”. “Oh, how we can and we will”, he said, “we’re leaving now. No one will know we have left”. Rey bit her lip, as she tried to think rationally. It was so weird how he was trying to make her run away with him. But she could not get herself to think it would we better to stay. They had most certainly achieved more than Headmaster Williams might have expected at all and nobody would come and count how many files they had managed to put away. Her brain was completely unable to form a rational thought, as her heartbeat beat in that face pace it had already done in the headmasters’ office and every cell in her body was flooded with excitement. There was something wild behind Bens’ eyes as he looked at her insistently which made her even more curious about what would happen if they would leave now. Rey took a deep breath, before she nodded, unable to hide the smile on her lips. Notes: So, it's kind of fast-paced and fluffy right now, but I think I like it. Thanks to anyone who decided to read this chapter! :) Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) CHAPTER 3 "If we go down, than we go down together, we'll get away with everything , let's show them we are better" ("Paris" - the Chainsmokers) They were running through the empty hallways, accompanied by the echoes of their feet as they were hitting the hard floor over and over again. Neither Rey nor Ben payed attention if there might be a teacher left in the building, or even the janitor who would possibly rat them out to any kind of higher authority. She felt careless, unable to form a cautious thought. It was an intoxicating feeling to hear her heartbeat thump loudly in her ears, as adrenaline flooded her complete system and made her skin tingle. It was one of the first nice days of spring. The leaves on the trees that surrounded the parking lot were already colored in the same dark green color Bens’ sweater was and the air had that sweet scent to it, Rey adored so much. She preferred spring and summer over the remaining seasons. There was something beautiful about them, about the way everything seemed to be coming back to life at those times of the year. It surprised her every year all over again how much green there could be. “Are you going to keep standing there? If you plan on doing so, I’ll sadly have to leave you here”, he was already some steps ahead of her and turned around, “because there’s no way I’m going back inside”. “Good thing, me neither”, she answered, as she caught up with him, “so, where did you park your car? I don’t see anything here that could resemble something you’d drive”. “Well, what car would I drive?”. “I’m not sure”, Rey shrugged her shoulders, “probably something like a BMW or Porsche. A car that would scream I’ve got too much money in my hands”. “Thanks for enlightening me of your true opinion about me once again. I’m still trying to get over the first time”, she heard him chuckle next to her, “but for real, I don’t drive a BMW or whatever car you pictured me in. I had a BMW once, but I guess you know what happened to it”. Rey nodded silently. She did not know much about the accident, just that he had been drunk and the scar on his face was probably a constant reminder to him of what happened one year ago. “I drive my fathers’ old car now. He had it for many years, before the accident happened. Tinkered around on it, whenever he even had the slightest amount of spare time in his work schedule. Even gave that thing a name”, Ben pointed to the light grey Jeep in front of them. It was not pretty, rather used up and dirty, but still with a certain appeal to it. “This is the millennium falcon ”, he continued, while he gallantly opened the door to the passenger seat for her, “if you’d like to get into the carriage, milady”. “You’re a dork”, Rey rolled her eyes, as she put her bag in front of her seat. Ben only smiled at her, closed the door and walked around to get in as well. The interior of the car matched his descriptions. Many things were patched up with tape or looked newer than the rest. Old sketchbooks were laying everywhere, next to scattered CDs and ripped out pages. Many of them were already drawn on, with small sketches, Rey could not quite put into context. She was just reaching out to one of the pages as he threw himself in the drivers’ seat. “Don’t look at that”, he quickly collected the sketchbooks and threw them at the backseat, “it’s just garbage”. “Didn’t look like garbage”, she answered, as she felt curiosity rising inside of her. “Yeah, well”, he ran his hand though his tousled hair, before he started the engine, “it is. I’ve never shown them to anyone and it’ll stay that way”. Surprised by the way he had cut her off, Rey leaned back and looked at him. His looks were different than those of the other boys at school, or at least of those she had payed attention to. His eyes were framed by long black lashes and dark brows, his nose and rounded ears probably waited for him to grow into them over the next years. The jagged and slightly pink scar across his face made him look older, almost serious, only his behavior gave away his youth. His black hair contrasted his pale complexion the same way his lips did. Rey must have been staring at them for too long, as he turned to her and caught her in the act. He looked back to the street almost instantly, but the grin on his face proved it to her that he must have seen her blush. “Why don’t you tell me where we’re going then?”, she asked bluntly, while she watched trees pass them as Ben was driving down a street she did not recognize. “That would spoil all the fun, you know”. “Don’t you think I have the right to know if you’re an axe murderer who’s planning to kill me? I would at least have the chance to say my final goodbyes”. “You forget that it was your decision to ditch with me”, he answered, amused by her proposition, “so, you kind of chose your own demise if I’d be an axe murderer, which by the way I’m not and I’ve absolutely no idea why you’d even think that”. “You know that that’s exactly the thing someone who would want to kill me would say. Finn and I watched a lot of horror movies together, so I have my experience”. “Well, I’ll tell you again if you want me to. I’m no axe murderer”, he paused and cleared his throat, his eyes locked on the road, “so, this Finn guy, hm? He’s your boyfriend, right?”. The thought of them being a couple was impossible for her to imagine. “No. No, he’s not. He’s my best friend, nothing more”, she laughed, “why would you even think that?”. “I don’t know, maybe because you two are constantly glued together in school”. He had been stopped by the traffic light, which blinked bright red and turned around, his brows raised. “But there probably is a boyfriend I should know about, am I right? You know, the guy who’s probably going to be very jealous that you’re out here with me”. “Why are you so sure about that?”, she was surprised by him being so dead set on finding out about her potential boyfriend. “You’re pretty, you’re fun. I just thought it would be a likely scenario”. Rey recognized him trying to hide his embarrassment with the grin that had rarely left his face since they had left the school, but his ears turned red and gave him away. It was cute. She herself was blushing again, both because of the compliment he had just given her and his assumption. “No, there’s no boyfriend”, she stated. Rey rarely had any interaction with boys her age, neither in school nor in private or at work. She did not try to be recognized in either place, even though the men, at Mazs’ cantina, whom she found unappealing, had often given her looks that had screamed of them wanting to tear the clothes off of her body. Beside, letting someone come so close to her and not knowing if he would stay there or leave her again, scared her because of her past. What she needed was safety, not uncertainty. “Good”, Ben answered, “he’d probably wouldn’t be able to keep up with the fun we’re going to have together today anyway”. “But I bet your girlfriend’s waiting, right?”, Rey had to admit it to herself that she was curious about his answer. She had seen him with his friends several times in school, including a tall blonde girl who looked like she could walk on a fashion show in Paris. Her name was Phasma, if she had remembered it right. They seemed to be rather close, but Rey had never cared about it, before she had gotten into his car. “No, no, girlfriend either. Wouldn’t be able to keep up with my awesomeness anyway”. “Did I tell you you’re kind of self-absorbed?”. “Me, no, never. Although some people have told me that it’s indeed a charming trait”. “Modesty can be attractive too, you know”. “Well, if you say so, I’ll have to try to find a mix of both”, he winked at her, before he took a turn. Rey did not recognize anything about her surroundings. There were a lot of trees and they seemed to be driving upward. There passed various buildings that looked like each of them would be worth several million dollars, before Ben finally parked the car in front of the house that looked even more expensive than the others. It was two stories high with a flat roof and resembled squares that had been put onto each other. The walls were kept in white and light brown color and the big windows were probably letting a lot of light into the interior of the house. There was a massive stone fence around the whole property. “You know, you could’ve just told me you we’d drive to your house”, Rey stated soberly. “I know”, Ben got out of the car with one swift move, “like I said, it would’ve spoiled the fun”. “For you”. “Yes, for me”. Ben was already typing in a code in the lock montaged on the fence, as Rey walked up to him. The Solos must have got a lot of money in order to build such a house. The closer they got to it, the more it seemed to grow in front of her. When they walked into the entrance, she had lost all ability to speak. The entrance was already three times as big as Reys’ room. The floor was made of beige granite, the walls painted in a simple off-white color and the wall in front of them was just one big window, which offered a view of the pool and the big garden behind the house. Before they could take further steps into the house, a howling noise broke the silence. Somewhere in the right side of the house, seemed to have fallen on the floor, the loud thumb of it was echoing through the whole house. “Shit, I forgot to lock him in”, Ben exclaimed, before he took off into the direction of the noise. “Lock who in?”, Rey followed him into the room that looked like it could be the living room. If it had looked as elegant as the rest, nobody would have been able to prove anymore. The couches, made of dark brown leather and the wooden table in the middle of them looked like they had been chewed on, from the beige rug under them were only pieces left and the lamb, which had presumably stood next to the giant TV had been tipped over. If someone had shown her a picture of this and how many dogs she would need to create something like this, she would have at least said three. The funny thing was that Ben was standing in the corner, next to the lamp that had been tipped over, but he only held one dog. There was no other noise in the house that could have indicated that there might have been more around, nor were there any sounds of paws that were hitting the granite floor. The dog, whose height almost reached Bens’ hip, had not seen her yet and Rey had asked herself if he would ever because of the long brown hair that was hanging in front of his eyes, until he had seemingly sniffed her scent, freed himself from Bens’ grip and ran toward her. She did not have any time to adjust, before the massive dog hit her, almost causing her to fall over. The dog did not seem to be aggressive, he was not growling at her or tried to bite her, he simply wiggled his tail while she knelt down to pet him. “I’m sorry”, she heard Ben say from above her and looked up, “we usually lock Chewie in the kennel when nobody’s here. Forgot it this morning. My mother’s definitely going to kill me once she sees this”. “Chewie?”, Rey repeated while she had to fight the furry dog from trying to lick her face, “that’s his name?”. “I know it’s not very creative, but his nickname’s actually nicer than the real name my father has given him”. “Which is?”, Rey raised her eyebrows in anticipation. “Chewbacca”. “Chewbacca?”. “Yeah, because he likes to chew on things, like couches or rugs”, Ben angrily glared at Chewbaccas’ direction, who did not seem to bother at all, “my father brought him home 14 years ago, so he’s kind of old and grown up, but he still acts like a puppy most of the time”. “So, has he adapted your behavior or you his?”, she asked him sarcastically. “Very funny”, Ben answered, amused by her question. Rey struggled to get up again, as Chewbacca still tried to pursue his goal of licking her face at least one time, so Ben thankfully offered her his hand, which she took. His pull was stronger than she had presumed it to be and caused her to clumsily fling against him. To prevent her from falling over again, he had grabbed her other arm. The heat from his hands radiated though the thin material of her cardigan and caused a shudder, which spread through her whole body. She was steady again, he could have pulled his hands away, but he kept her hand in one of his, as the other continued to be placed on her arm. Rey could not move. She felt as if she had been paralyzed by the way he was looking at her. Before anything else could have happened, her stomach growled loudly and caused her whole face to flush bright red with embarrassment. Awkwardly she moved away from him, while the shudder continued to spread through her body, even though his hands had left it. “Sounds like you’re hungry too”, Ben had gained his composure back faster than her, as he looked at her and laughed, “come on, let’s get us something to eat”. Notes: Thanks for reading this chapter! :) + to everyone who commented and left a Kudos! I just love the song and it fit everything I got planned for this story so well, I had to quote in the beginning of this chapter. It's nearly 1 AM here, so I apologize for any mistakes. Notes: Thanks for reading! :)