Han: Boxer briefs; comfy, but form-fitting, lets him werk the Captain Tightpants look: "Get on with it, Solo," you purr, smirking as the smuggler struggles with his ridiculously -- deliciously -- tight pants. "I haven't got all day." Your hand trails down your body, your thighs shifting apart just enough for him to see you tease yourself. Han glares at you, but finally his trousers are around his ankles, Corellian bloodstripes and all. Your jaw drops. This time it's his turn to smirk. * Luke: Tighty-whities…for maximum support. He needs it. Your eyes widen, mingled alarm and arousal swamping your brain. Luke flushes. His eyes meet yours, nervous, careful despite the hand down his pants...Force damn it you can't even get your hand around it... "You don't -- " "Shut up Skywalker," you growl, your cunt clenching in anticipation. You peel him out of his flightsuit, and fuck you're going to feel this for a week but right then, you don't care. Obi-Wan: Goes commando whenever he possibly can…Jedi-standard-issue briefs are scratchy and obnoxious, and Obi-Wan needs some creature comforts ffs. Kenobi doesn't even take off his tunic. He follows you into the supply closet, face unreadable until you brace yourself against the wall and spread your legs. He mouths your shoulder as he spreads your folds and slips a finger inside, stroking until you're shaking. "Easy access, huh Jedi?" you gasp. "Well, we are at war. Anything could happen." Anakin: Ridiculously expensive tighty-whities in a plethora of colors because certain *things* run in the family and Padme buys his underwear. "You have no appreciation for fashion," you say. Anakin strikes a pose and gives you his best shit-eating grin, the scraps of his 500-credit underwear fluttering to the floor. You look downwards. Words fail you. "How - " you sputter. Anakin smirks and fists his cock. "It was a minimizer." He pins you to the bed. "Like a bra, but for this." Talk about false advertising. Vader: Seeing as it must accommodate both his injuries and the Mighty Robodick, he needs a leather and metal harness to contain the Beast. Gloved hands spread you wide as you lift into the air, your entire body cradled by nothing. The Force, you think, and then all higher thought dies, because Lord Vader's cuirass hisses open and his...cock is pressing against your thigh..You quiver as slick metal and hot, swollen flesh grinds against your dripping core. You run a finger curiously along the base. The metal isn't cold, it's heated from within, almost to the point of burning, and is gleaming with oil. He groans, deep and rough as you stroke him, growing somehow thicker, the metal rings and plates flexing to accommodate his girth. Machine and man, you think. His breath overrides the regulator as you take him, moaning with pleasure and pain, your cunt swallowing metal and flesh inch by careful inch... Thrawn: Black, standard-Imperial-issue briefs. And kriff do they look good The comm buzzes. You curse in Huttese. Thrawn's eyes flash warningly. Somehow you keep quiet when his white uniform tunic brushes against your breasts as he reaches for the comlink. "What is it Captain?" he asks, his voice annoyingly calm. You bite your lip and rock your hips gently, pulling him closer, your heels brushing against the briefs bunched underneath his ass. He'd been on you as soon as you snuck into his quarters. You weren't off the watchbill very often; he made every moment count. Chancellor/Emperor Palpatine: Multiple layers of exquisitely embroidered, finely tailored tunics and leggings. Lots of very complicated laces and fasteners. You’d need an instruction manual to get him out of them. He watches you, his smile surprisingly gentle as you fumble with his robe. All your research about Nabooian undergarments fell out of your head the second he walked you into his bedroom, his dark baritone filling your ears with everything he was going to do to you. Finally he reaches down and helps. "Sorry sir," you whisper, your face flaming. Chancellor Palpatine chuckles. "Practice makes perfect," he purrs. Long fingers twist in your hair. Turns out, tonight you only need to worry about the bottom layers. He likes you on your knees. Kylo: Boxer briefs. He demanded a pair when he found out what kind his Dad wore. ;_; Kylo’s however, are black, silky, and just a tad see-through, with an easy-access panel in front and behind… Hux: Standard FO-issue briefs with his regular uniform, red shimmersilk thong with the dress uniform…He hates panty lines, and the dress pants are waaaaay tight :3 "Rumors of your prudishness have been greatly exaggerated," Hux purrs, scraping his nails down Kylo's back. He was remarkably poised for someone with three fingers in another man's ass, naked save for a blood-red thong. You snort. "You're one to talk," you manage, your fingers twisting in the band of Kylo's underwear, pulling the rear opening wider so that Hux could spread the Knight's cheeks. "And this is convenient - ah - " "I don't hear you complaining," Kylo growls, and slams into you, gripping your hips tight enough to bruise. You watch as the rage melts away with each twist of Hux's fingers. You could do this forever. Poe: Goes commando while flying. It makes him feel…free… Poe is the only survivor. You catch him in the corridor, already half out of his flight suit, his whole being shaking with grief. "It's not your fault," you murmur, taking his hand. His eyes fill your world. The first time is fast, hard, desperate, proving that you're both alive. No need to remove his jumpsuit, smelling of ozone and engine oil, bare underneath and raw inside. But he spends the night in your quarters. In the dawning light, he wakes you and kisses you gently. He loses himself in you, and you in him. Finn: Standard issue FO-Stormtrooper briefs. When he’s with the Resistance, he opts for comfortable, sturdy boxers. You grin as Finn rummages through his locker, clothing flying everywhere. Finally he tugs a pair of blue boxers out of the bottom of the drawer. "You know, we don't have to report for an hour," you murmur, stretching your arms as best you can inside his cramped bunk. He pauses, dark eyes tasting your curves as your back arches, and the sheet puddles around your waist. He grins, and tosses the garment over his shoulder. Snoke: …A loincloth? *shrugs* I got nothin’… You hesitate at the door of the training salle. The Supreme Leader is instructing Lord Ren. His voice echoes through the door... He sounds angry. You're shaking with fear, but it's important, so you enter. Your jaw drops. Ren is kneeling at Snoke's feet, blood dripping from his nose. Both of them are stripped to the waist...But it's not Kylo you're looking at...Snoke is tall, thin as a whip. Rangy, strong, and covered in scars. He'd clearly seen a lot, killed many...and had Kylo Ren on his knees. Your eyes drop to the cloth tied around his waist, between his legs. You can just make out a... Oh no. No. No no no no... "Mind your thoughts, Lieutenant," Snoke's voice booms. But he's smiling.