Hope “Poe.” The voice made him jump up, a salute halfway done before he’d even found his feet. The unforgiving stiff mattress that had been his perch for hours now had dug in to his skin and made standing painful. He stifled a groan and searched for the right words, trying his best to appear professional though he probably looked like some greaseball mechanic who’d run out of wash water rations. “General Organa. To what do I owe the honor?” Even though he often spoke with her, about missions, about Resistance resources, about whatever relevant things currently on the docket, personal visits were rare. For the first time he saw her face without the overlay of a map distorting it, as they all crowded around the war table and peered at the details of their next mission. “At ease.” She told him, a little smirk on her lips. It wasn’t cruel, just amused. He sat once more on the edge of Finn’s bed, the sound of the ventilator picking away at his patience. “You’ve spent a lot of time here, haven’t you?” So much time that I know the droids by designation. So much time that I don’t even mind the sweat-disinfectant-blood smell. So much time. And in all that time, nothing from Finn. No twitching. No sounds. Nothing. She took one of the chairs, a little sigh escaping once she settled. The crow’s feet around her eyes and the smile lines around her mouth seemed etched by laser point; Han’s death had hit her hard. He wondered about those smile lines, too; his entire time in the Resistance, he’d never seen her smile. Not really. She smirked, or she quirked a single eyebrow. But never a real, wide smile, the kind that came naturally hand and hand with joy. “Yeah, I guess.” Poe said, reluctant to speak on this even with General Organa, whom he trusted implicitly. Why the hell was he here? Finn didn’t deserve to struggle with an injury as serious as a lightsaber to the back — Finn, paralyzed, waking up to a nightmare where he had to rely on machines to sleep and shit and breathe — but he had to admit his constant vigil must seem strange to others. Even he thought it strange. He ought to be in his X-wing, his X-wing that had sat in the hangar for who knew how long, his X-wing that gleamed with polish after obsessive polish. You could always tell a lazy pilot by his clean X-wing. “Finn is very brave,” General Organa said, the overhead lights glinting off her golden earrings bringing a false glow to her eyes. Poe felt heat rise in his face as surely as the lava coating Mustafar, and the urge to cry and the urge to howl in rage battled it out mercilessly. He remembered the battle outside Maz Kanata’s fortress, and frowned. “Yeah,” he choked out, dragging his hand over his forehead and down his face. Cold sweat beaded up on his fingers. “And you obviously care about him a great deal.” “It’s stupid,” Poe said before he could consider his words, “I barely know the guy.” Even as he spoke, the moments he and Finn had shared in the commandeered TIE fighter’s cockpit flashed through his mind. Maybe… General Organa frowned, and for a long moment she said nothing. Only the soft whirring and beeping from the medi-droid broke the silence. “Han and I didn’t know one another long, you know. We didn’t need to. When you’re in a situation with another person and it’s life or death, you can forge a connection in moments.” God, that was exactly what had happened. Finn, escaping from the First Order. Him, going from sure he would be executed to a heart pounding chance at a rescue, and a rescue from the unlikeliest of quarters. He’d needed someone like General Organa to name it, before he could admit it to himself. “What can I do?” He managed, throat as dry as a ritual offering left out in the elements. “I have a possible answer for you, Poe, or I wouldn’t have come,” General Organa said, a little life coming in to her expression then; she wanted him to succeed. His heart swelled and he lifted his head. If General Organa believed in him, he could do anything, fly anything, accomplish anything. “Tell me, have you ever heard of bacta?” —— Chapter 2 : Ghost Poe had heard of bacta. He'd even see it in action, once. Back in his Republic days, a new pilot had barely made it off the runway before flipping his X-wing right in to the drink. They'd managed to fish Tallers out of the ocean before the corrosive black water ate through his flight suit, but his hands and face...that was a different story. Poe had stood there looking on, already composing a condolences letter in his head. No way would that guy ever recover. But a few bandages soaked in that stuff, and eyes had emerged, clear and open, a nose next, even better than before; Tallers sometimes got in bar fights, and at least one hadn't gone his way. Poe still felt the disbelief and amazement whenever he thought about that. Bacta could cure anything, right? Even a lightsaber to the back. He had to get the stuff, no matter what. He might not have known Finn long, but what did that matter? Finn deserved better than living out the rest of his life on a hospital gurney. “Why are you doing this, General?” Poe asked as he followed her in to the war room. It stood empty. Odd. She turned towards him and put her hands on the edge of the table, then leaned in as if to peer at a briefing that hadn’t quite appeared yet. Gods, did they spend that much time looking at mission details? He had the strange sense that the schematic of Starkiller Base hung there still, a pale wraith. “Do you suspect the angels of my better nature?” Her tone was sharp enough to remind him of the grapefruit tree in his grandfather’s backyard, how trying to enjoy its fruits required a certain amount of masochism. He’d always gorged himself on those grapefruits, come to think of it. “Oh. No ma’am, I…” “Save it. You might as well, since I happen to have an ulterior motive.” Aha. Well, as grateful as the Resistance might be towards Finn, the resources already committed had made Poe wonder. A lot for one man, no matter his deeds. “My brother is not the only Jedi warrior we will need to call upon if we want to win against the First Order. They have suffered a great loss, but they have not been defeated,” General Organa intoned, flipping on the display. Poe knew a half-done starchart of Wild Space when he saw one, but beyond that only ghosts knew and they weren’t talking. Suddenly the empty war room made sense. “You know more than one Jedi?” Poe blurted. “One or two more,” the General said with false modesty. Holy kriff. “Well…” He took in the chart again, rotating slowly before him. Like most maps someone had programmed it in blue and green, but unlike most maps a path of brilliant gold danced through the middle. Did it represent what the General knew, about where to find this Jedi of hers? He could only imagine that the mission had to include doing just that. He ached to follow that bright road in to nowhere. “I’ll do it.” A shot at bringing Finn back around, plus a wild chase to locate a lost Jedi? Would have only been a better deal if the General had involved little lemon cakes somehow. Of course, the General had known that all along; she didn’t even bother asking if he felt sure. “This Jedi is of a different character than many of the others,” she said, “he is…grey.” “A Grey Jedi? I remember there was a character like that in one of the storybooks I liked when I was little. They’re real?” “Yes. But I had thought they were all dead, or so deep in hiding it amounted to the same.” “How did you find this one then?” “I didn’t. Not for sure. But this Grey Jedi happened to know Lord Vader. If there's a chance, we must find him.” “ What?” “Well. If you count a pitched lightsaber battle at the old Jedi temple knowing him, yes.” Poe almost swayed on his feet. A battle with Vader ? And this Grey Jedi had lived through it? “Hells, I can see why you want to find him, then.” “His name is Jin-Array. A Vor, though he has proved to be longer lived than others from his species. A quirk of Vor genetics, maybe. Or, the Force has gifted him more years, preserving him. In any case, I need you to find him. Quietly.” The vague image he had in his head wanted to coalesce in to something heroic, a larger than life figure with a blazing lightsaber in hand. But he couldn’t quite reconcile that with the facts, that this particular Jedi happened to be a seven foot tall winged lizard. “Just me then?” He let it roll casually from his tongue, but a knot formed and pulled tight in his chest. The last time he’d gone on a solo mission… For a moment, he couldn’t see past the images his mind called up. The Force-sensitive tree next to his childhood home, the branches reaching over the roof of their house, protecting it. Or so he had always imagined. But ever since Kylo Ren had violated his mind, the memory had changed. The tree had become a twisted, bare skeleton, black with burrowing parasites and strangled by thorny vines. The rainforest around it had changed too, a killing marsh slowly dragging the tree and everything else to a suffocating grave in the swampy depths. The tree from the old Jedi Temple. Hm. “No,’ General Organa said, a little frown tugging at her mouth. Her lips had been rouged with a deep mauve color, and even the lines of her makeup had been done with a precise, no nonsense hand. Did she think about the mission to find Lor San Tekka? Did she wonder what they’d done to him on the Finalizer? Or was she too disciplined to bother? Poe shuddered. “Did you really think you were going to go on a super secret mission without me? Jess loped in to the room, a huge grin on her face, her flight helmet tucked neatly under her arm. Her cheery voice helped bring him out of his dark reverie. He felt himself grin, too. Hard not to when you were around Blue Three. “Yeah? You’re coming with?” He couldn’t quite hope. “Hey listen,” Jess said, leaning against the war table, “I’m from Dandoran. You want bacta? You need to talk to smugglers, bounty hunters. Hutts. And no offense to you but you’re not my first choice for scheming and lying.” He’d disguised himself as a criminal before, but even then they’d been in a ship to ship battle. No need to butter anyone up in that case. “Ouch. The last mission debrief referred to me as dashing, you know.” “Great you can be my ridiculously handsome bodyguard then,” Jess tossed off without missing a beat, shooting an exaggerated wink his way. He almost lost it laughing, but at the last second remembered they were in the presence of General Organa. He turned back towards her, panic rising, but her gleaming eyes told him she was trying to hold back a chuckle. “Okay, Dandoran.” He said, spreading his hands wide in an acceptance gesture. “But that makes it sound like the bacta and finding Jin-Array are two separate missions.” “THey’re one in the same,” General Organa said. “Yeah,” Jess agreed. “The only thing smugglers value more than tangible cargo, is information. If you want us to find a way in to Wild Space, information is worth just as much as the bacta.” “I have a commandeered VCX-100 light freighter in the hangar for you,” General Organa interjected. “Its identifiers have been scrubbed. If you’re clever, you won’t be tracked back to us.” “I like to think I’m always clever,” Poe said, with a note of wounded pride. Jess snorted. The General pursed her lips and shot him a withering look. “Go." She said. "There’s a secure channel on the freighter if you need to brief me.” The General handed him a piece of paper. In a moment, Poe memorized the information, then tore the sheet in to unrecognizable ribbons. In an age of electronic communication, sometimes the most secure method was also one of the oldest. “Ready Jess?” He asked as they walked out, his arm around her shoulders. “Hell yeah. I’m bored!” “We’ve only been grounded for a couple of weeks,” he teased, though he’d been as antsy as Jess. They turned to go in to the hangar. As he was inspecting the freighter, the rest of his squadron came over, one by one. Some warned him, some reassured him, others simply embraced him, and Jess, without words. It felt wrong to go anywhere without them, but the reality was many Resistance missions were covert and weren’t helped by large groups. “Let’s go, Jess,” he said, leaning out from the boarding hatch and offering his hand, a big grin on his face. She clasped his arm and let him lift her in to the ship, his expression mirroring hers. “Force be with us, huh?” Jess said as she headed for the gunner’s position. The door hissed and gulped, making a heavy seam that would protect them from the dangers of space. “Couldn’t hurt!” He eased the freighter out and up, immediately identifying a slight pull to the left and a sticky trigger button on his joystick. Nothing he couldn’t handle. Back up in to the big black. Whenever he eased in to a pilot’s seat and felt that unique, special lift of a vehicle rising in to the atmosphere, he could forget that blighted tree and surrender to something bigger than himself. Hang in there, Finn.