Humility, it was one thing that the King lacked in all of his abundances, his pride being renowned throughout the lands. It made him unpredictable, merciless, cutthroat enough to take down the old King who brought him to power in the first place. The old King was a monster, a snake, but he wasn’t the one who would haut your dreams. No, that was the current King, his Majesty Ren, formerly known as Master of the Knights of Ren. He was relentless in getting what he wanted, which had allowed him to conquer even the most tenacious kingdoms, no one could refuse him. At least, that’s what he believed; however you very much disagreed with the King. So when he asked for your hand in marriage, he was very surprised at your answer. “No,” You stated. The King stared at you, absolutely flabbergasted. Any other woman in this kingdom would say yes to such an offer, perhaps you didn’t understand what he was giving you. Frankly he was offended at your audacity to reject him, he never even though it’d be possible. He imagined that maybe you’d hesitate, but nothing like this. “I think you misunderstand what I’m offering Princess, I’m giving you a chance to be Queen, something that many would kill for,” He bellowed, moving to tower over you in an intimidating stance. “I know what “I want you to be my wife,” means, don’t insult my intelligence. Perhaps you misunderstand the meaning of no,” You mock. Kylo huffs, and you can see his frustration mounting. Normally this would leave a person very afraid, but it makes you smirk instead. Kylo balls his fists, begins pacing while breathing heavily, you can just tell that he wants to break something. “Look your majesty, where I come from people don’t marry just for political gain, to ask for someone’s hand means that you love someone, that you want to spend your life with them,” You explain, trying to calm him down. It didn’t help; Kylo didn’t want to marry you for gain, because he already had everything. You had captured his rare admiration, and he found you to be a suitable partner. “You’re wrong my dear Princess, so wrong and I’ll prove it to you,” He scowled. Due to his anger it came across as a threat, even if that’s not what he meant. He genuinely wanted to prove you wrong. “I won’t change my mind.” You hold your resolve. “We’ll see Y/N,” He teases. His change of tone and use of your first name took you off guard, made you a bit flustered. With a palm on your lower back, he guided you from his study to a guest room. “Rest for now, dinner is at six, I’ll have someone show you the way.” Kylo left you to your thoughts. This was a pretty strange day, first you were invited to stay at the King’s palace to discuss “important matters” as he put it, secondly the King allowed you to see his unmasked face which was much more handsome then you had ever imagined, and then he had asked you to marry him? It almost had you questioning reality, you wondered if it was all a dream. Meanwhile Kylo was stomping through the halls, shoving aside anyone who was in his way, he was a man on a mission. Finally he reached his destination, the garden, where he roughly pulled away the Florist from what they were doing. “Your Majesty!” The man stammered, shaking as he tried to bow. “Get me the best bouquet of flowers you have, preferably red,” He demanded. The florist squeaked a yes and went to complete the work that the King asked him to do as soon as possible. Kylo continuing storming his workers, demanding for the best that they had to offer, terrorizing the cook, his stylist, and everyone in between. Nothing could prepare you for the grandeur of the feast made for you, worst of all you had changed into more comfortable and casual clothing, trading a heavy dress for a pair of pants. It made you even more nervous when you saw Kylo, dressed in even fancier clothing then you had last saw him, finished off with a crown. “Here these are for you,” He handed you the flowers. They were beautiful and fragrant. “Thank you, I apologize I wasn’t aware that this would be such a formal dinner.” “Don’t apologize,” Kylo says gently. “I think you look…” He trails off, unable to form a proper compliment, becoming lost in your beauty. His stare makes you shiver, it was so intense, unlike anything you had ever felt. It made your heart beat faster and your cheeks burn, a pleasant tingle coursing through your nerves. Kylo suddenly coughs, interrupting your thoughts. He pretends as if he never said anything, pulling out a chair for you to be seated. He doesn’t say anything, too embarrassed about just trailing off and staring at you, he was making a fool of himself. How was he supposed to romance you when he couldn’t even give you a compliment? “So umm, what do you like to do in your spare time your majesty?” You ask, trying to start a conversation, unable to stand the awkward silence. “Please, call me Kylo,” He corrects. “To answer your question, I rarely have time for myself but when I can I enjoy meditating, sparring, and the arts,” He finishes. “Although it’s normal for nobility I wouldn’t have suspected it from you,” You remark. “Perhaps if you were to spend more time with me, you’d find that I’m full of surprises.” “I don’t know Kylo, I have business to attend to within my own kingdom,” You replied. “Give me a chance Y/N,” He pleads. “Only if you’ll let me say no if I choose to,” You give your condition. Kylo hesitates in agreeing, maybe he’d let you say no, but he might not be able to completely give up on you that easily. “If that’s what you want Princess,” He agrees reluctantly. A servant brings in the first course, something light to spark your appetite and to fill time. Perhaps Kylo can finally strike up a successful conversation with you. Kylo didn’t know you very well as a person; though you were an ally you were a quiet one and besides the annual meeting there was little that required you to deal with each another. He was curious about you, he knew that you were a kind ruler who cared more about your people than your own riches, and that you had bested some of his best men in a tournament. You had even made it down to the final two, the other person being himself of course, and it was one of his fondest remembered fights. You were able to challenge him, truly a worthy opponent. He beat you, due to the fact that you had spent most of your stamina on previous rounds. You shook his hand and walked away, letting him bask in the glory of his win. Sometimes he wondered what would’ve happened if you had won instead, he had faith that you could, if you had won it would’ve given him more of an opportunity to talk to you. Nevertheless he understood why you walked away, the audience was particularly cruel towards you after you beat their favorite contenders, but you still held your head high, making a graceful exit. Kylo was infatuated with you from that day onwards; you had succeeded in defeating many men due to strategy and quick thinking which outweighed their strength. From your skill in combat to your grace in stride, you had made a long-lasting impression on the King. The kind that would make him stay up late at night thinking about you. “Y/N I’ve told you about myself but I would also like to know what types of activities you do in your spare time,” Kylo queries. “Well I too enjoy some good sparring, I like to read quite a bit, and getting away from nobles,” You answer. “Nobles certainly can be a nuisance, unfortunately I have the displeasure of dealing with them often, they always want something,” He complains. “But aren’t you the same, isn’t that why you called me here, why you conquered? Because you want something,” You point out. “I did want something, but I made it happen myself. I wanted to restore order and strengthen my domain and I have done that. I wanted to see you so I invited you, there’s nothing wrong with wanting,” He defends. “I don’t disagree with you, but be careful in contradicting your words,” You advise. “There’s no end in trying to please you, is there Princess?” Kylo mused. “I have certain standards to maintain.” Now it’s your turn to defend yourself. “Face it, you’re spoiled. It’s okay, I don’t mind,” He chuckles. His laughter is dark and rich. You try and defend yourself again but it’s only met with more laughing, leaving you sitting arms crossed with a frown on you face. “You’re so cute,” He admits in between chuckling, it’s been a long time since anyone has ever been able to make him want to laugh. His compliment only makes you more flustered; you turn your face away to hide it, how much it made you smile. Kylo can see the corners of your mouth turned upwards even when you’re turned away, it makes his face split in to a toothy grin, you were warming up to him. The servant brings in the main course, forcing you to turn back to Kylo who is now smirking at you. You get through the main course, telling each other more about one-selves between bites. His company is surprisingly enjoyable, he was a good listener (a rare trait) and he was actually kind of nice. From what you’ve heard you would’ve expected him to be a monster, but in reality he was a man with passion and intelligence. “What are you thinking about Y/N? You’ve gone quiet,” Kylo interrupts your thoughts. “Nothing,” You lie. “I can sense that you’re lying to me. You don’t have to disclose your thoughts, but you don’t have to lie either.” As he spoke he leaned in across the table to emphasize his point. You didn’t respond, falling silent under the spell of his gaze. Kylo couldn’t resist brushing a stray lock of hair behind your ear, with the way you were looking at him softly, eyes so innocent compared to the world he has come to know. “Kylo, would you mind if I retired early? The journey over here has made me weary and it has been a long day,” You request. “You may, you don’t have to explain yourself.” Kylo is slightly disappointed, though he can’t refuse your request. He still had dessert for you, and later he planned on showing you the library. There he hoped to drink tea and read love poems to you, maybe then you would’ve understand how he felt for you when he had difficulty expressing it in his own words. He would let you rest; he could be patient for you. Chapter 2 He couldn’t stop thinking about you. Kylo Ren was entranced, like every little thing you did was magic, bewitching him with every word. It’s what left him lying awake, mulling over your words, wondering if he came off as too harsh or if he made a fool of himself. He wanted to sweep you off your feet, but he didn’t know how and you weren’t making it any easier for him either. In fact it seemed like you were doing a pretty good job charming him, even though he was the one with the reputation of a heart of ice and you were the one who seemed to love everyone, known for being a kind leader. He thought that it would be easier than this. No matter, like you Kylo was determined; if you wanted a war of attrition you would get one. This time he was playing for keeps. He was even more surprised you in his training room the next morning, lifting some of his weights. He couldn’t help but stare, your workout clothes were incredibly enticing, tight pants and a sports bra, fuck. You pay no attention to him, pretending to ignore him obviously checking you out, typical. You finish your workout early and leave, not wanting to train with Kylo. He was too distracting with his hair tied up in a messy bun, pants riding low to expose that little trail of hair. Later an attendant comes by, giving you some news. “M’lady, his majesty asks that you join him in the garden for lunch,” She notifies you. “Thank you Martha,” You smile. “M’lady, correct me if I’m out of line, but my I give you some advice about the King,” She asks. “You may,” You give her permission. “The King though very powerful, has very little experience with women. He’s trying his best. Please give him a chance. You make him very happy, and a happy King means a happy Kingdom,” She advises. You nod, and she leaves you to get ready. You don’t know what to feel from what she said, surprised and in disbelief that the King care’s for you. You think that she probably means that he cares about getting your kingdom too, if he’s really serious about you he’s going to have to prove it, you’re not here just to entertain him. Really, you’re still trying to forget how he called you cute. It completely caught you off guard. You didn’t leave because you were tired; the rush of adrenaline certainly caused the opposite effect. No, you left because you were losing, and Kylo was winning your affections. You couldn’t have that; you didn’t want your people to have a ruler that they were afraid of, even if you weren’t afraid yourself. You just couldn’t trust him, and you didn’t believe Martha whatsoever. He was a dangerous man, there was a reason people were afraid of him, you would tread in his territory with caution. Someone knocks on the door. It was him. “Y/N, I grew impatient of waiting for you to show up,” He greets. “I’m sorry I just got lost in my thoughts for a bit,” You explain. “It’s alright, let’s go now,” He urges. The garden is very lush and filled with many different types of flowers; it lays between two walls, which have streams of water falling down them and into a Koi pond. The fresh scent of all of the luscious plants filled your nose, refreshing your senses. “How lovely,” You remark. “I’m glad you like it, probably one of my favorite places in this castle, also one of the most peaceful.” He pulls a lever, revealing a hidden enclosure of vine-covered walls. A white table sits in the middle, two comfortable looking chairs on each side, and lunch waiting to be eaten. “Also the most private, besides my quarters,” He adds. “I do not have a personal garden myself, but we do have a hedge maze within the castle walls available to the public during the weekends,” You reply. “You’ll have to show it to me some day, I haven’t had the chance to see much of your kingdom,” “Maybe, if you ever let me leave,” You quip. “You’re not my prisoner, you’re my guest. You can leave any time you’d like, though it might hurt my feelings a bit,” “Well I may be able to stay a few more days, no promises,” You reply. “I understand,” Kylo nodded. He pulled out a chair for you to sit, pushing you in and then sitting across from you. He keeps eye contact as you eat, and you meet his intense stare, refusing to back down. You never would, but you didn’t now just how much it thrilled Kylo. He loved your banter and your fiery spirit; it only spurred him on more. He couldn’t help but smile, thinking about you did that to him, and it only made you frown. “What are you smiling about?” You snap. It was starting to bother you now, made your face feel hot. He just always had to make you feel so uncomfortable. “If I told you I guarantee you wouldn’t like it,” He warns. “Just spit it out.” You roll your eyes. “I was just thinking about you, Y/N. Do you remember the tournament?” He asked. “Of course you would bring that up, yes I do remember. I remember letting you win, I don’t need you to remind me. ” Your voice drips with sarcasm. “Hmm I seem to remember it differently, you didn’t let me win. You fought until the very last second, I believe you could’ve won if you had a bit more strength and stamina,” He responds. “You just want to brag about your victory, stop fooling yourself,” You counter. “Just take my compliment, I mean it. You’re a much better fighter then any man,” He reiterates. This was getting frustrating; flirting with you always seemed to lead into fighting. “Why don’t you fight me then?” You counter. “If that’s what you want, but let’s at least finish lunch first,” He huffs. You nod, agreeing to his terms. Okay, maybe your fiery spirit was starting to get on his nerves, he just wanted to show kindness to you and now you were going to spar with him. You geared up and headed to the training room, heart beating rapidly against your ribcage. Maybe this wasn’t one of your best impulsive decisions; no you couldn’t second-guess yourself now. When you got to the room Kylo was waiting for you, feet apart and knees slightly bent, practice saber tightly held in his grasp. Deciding not to waste any time, you ran at him, saber clashing with his own. You fought fiercely, every blow was precise yet powerful. Kylo’s fighting style was much more aggressive, but you were able to meet it without much difficulty. Soon sweat started to collect on your brow, cooling your hot skin. A crowd began to gather, hearing news of your fight. It was exciting for them; at the tournament you were the only one to truly challenge the king. Though they still rooted for him, you put them on the edge of their seats. It put the pressure on you however, it only made winning more necessary. The battle raged on, neither of you had really been able to give a truly detrimental blow. Neither of you left any weaknesses open, and it remained stagnant until you decided to switch up your fighting style. You chose to try and distract him, increasing the sway of your hips, letting your shirt ride up and biting your bottom lip. It works, and soon Kylo falls flat on his back, saber flying out of his hand for you to reach out and grab it. Now he’s at your mercy, two swords crossed over his neck. The crowd is mystified, confused at his defeat. Almost disappointed, they leave. They didn’t want to see their king lose to a princess after all. You drop the swords to the side, now it was your turn to smile. “See, I told you that you could do it,” He affirms. “I don’t need you to tell me, I needed to prove it to yourself,” You shake your head. “I understand. I just want you to stop doubting your strength. You’re incredible,” He compliments. You just shake your head, trying to brush it off. Kylo, annoyed by your stubbornness, catches you off guard by pulling you close to his sweaty chest. “I mean it Y/N, you’re a fucking goddess,” He whispers into your ear. You feel weak in his arms, boneless. If your face wasn’t hot before it sure is now, he just knew exactly what buttons to push. Even though you won you couldn’t help but feel somewhat defeated when you left. His touch felt electric, and you wanted to be in his arms again. You didn’t see the dark look in the King’s eye as he watched you leave, the way his tongue rested on his pouting lips. He wanted you, and he was determined to win. You may be fierce and formidable, but so was he, and he wouldn’t let your attitude go unmatched. If you wanted to fight dirty, so be it.