Make Me Your Last Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “You’re beautiful…” Hands. Firm. Strong. Pulling at your hips, your thighs, your breasts, bruising you, soothing you. A mouth. Wet. Desperate. A frenzy of kisses down your neck, your clavicle, to your sternum, above the terrified thumping of your heart. Your blood is red, his lips are red, the sheets are red, the air is red. You inhale a plea and exhale a prayer. There are two figures, but only one writhes and whines and gasps, only one works like an instrument tuned to the key of your body. Sweat. Flesh. Breath. You want to remember this. You need to remember--to remember-- “Tell me what you want…” Sweat stained your nape, your red-gloved hands wringing together as you waited. The dream was far from an anomaly--but it was equally as far from being wanted. The last thing you needed on the day you were to meet your first Commander was a set of wet panties. There would be no Ceremony, tonight (thankfully), but you were nervous that there’d be an inspection, instead, or something. Maybe one of the Marthas would examine you, check you like a race horse--healthy hocks, clear eyes, shiny hair, clean mouth… and cleaner morals. The door swung open--and your lips pinched together. Rather than the lifeless green dress of a Martha, you were greeted with the swishing jewel-blue skirt of a Wife . His Wife. You swallowed, sweat seeping into the white base of your wimple. This was not what you were told would happen. “Are you going to stand there, or are you going to come in?” Her voice was gravelly. Demanding. You nodded, stepping over the stone threshold onto the polished wood of the foyer. His Wife said nothing, turning sharp on her heel and marching down a hall. The sound of shoes on ceramic ricocheted through the empty air, an alarm. You tilted your head to the sides, eyes darting to the walls to discern your new surroundings. The decorations were modest, wide windows streaming light onto white painted walls lined with the occasional artistic tribute to the Old Testament. Your Commander’s Wife swept around a corner, and as you glanced up, you caught her peek over her shoulder, ensuring your obedience. Before you turned, you heard another voice in the corridor, breathy and soft. “Oh! I’m on my way, ma’am, don’t--” Your presence halted her, and you blushed. A Martha. “You-- you got her, Ms. Johana?” “Yes,” replied his Wife. Johana. “And why shouldn’t I? He’s my husband.” You stood at the corner of the room, an elephant in a red dress. The Martha, with little else to say, stepped aside, and you resumed your pursuit of Johana, who charged through the dining hall and around another corner, stopping bluntly at the mouth of a staircase. She whipped her head around, scrutinizing you, her nose wrinkling. “Not talkative,” she said. “I like you better than the last one already.” When you didn’t respond, she sniffed, gathered her skirts, and tromped up the steps. Planes of shadow concealed the staircase, growing somehow darker the higher you ascended, the only evidence of freedom a few thin rays of light, casting across the empty hall and illuminating the floating flecks of dust in the air. The wood at your feet was dark, struck through with lines of age and wear. As you reached the top, the hall stretched out as a tunnel in front of you, rooms branching off on both sides. You shifted, and the floor creaked, squeaking under you like you’d woken it from sleep. Johana turned, nodding toward the end of the hall. “You stay there. During hours when the Commander is home, you are not to leave that room unless asked. Is that understood?” You nodded. “No,” she said. “ Is that understood ?” “Y-yes, ma’am,” you replied. You were surprised at how small your voice sounded under the arch of the ceiling. “Good.” Her shoulders fell in a slow breath. “You were informed the Ceremony is scheduled for tomorrow night.” “Oh,” you replied. “N-no. I wasn’t.” She rolled her eyes. “Now you have.” Straightening her back again, she glided past you. “Get to your room. He will be home shortly.” You nodded, listening to her steps fade as you bustled beyond the door she’d identified as yours. The room was spartan in design--you’d been afforded a tiny, circular window, a clinically sparse twin bed, and a single dresser, barely large enough to house your dress. Chewing on your lip, you sat at the edge of the mattress, peering out of the window, gazing over the yard of your new home. Like the house itself, the land was massive, sprawling out like a manicured meadow, replete with razor rectangular hedges and rows of colorful annual gardens. In the center of these, there was a fountained pond, shimmering in the afternoon heat. A worn, iron bench rested to the side of the pond--you wondered what it would be like to sit there, let the warmth bathe your skin, let your toes soak in the cool water. You shivered, staring at your cloaked hands, the piles of fabric obscuring your feet. They seemed foreign to you, like the limbs of another woman had been stuck to your body. They couldn’t be yours, these extensions of compliance--not when you could still remember what it’d been like to look a man in the eyes, when you could still remember how it felt to raise your voice, let your cheeks rage hot. It couldn’t have been you, growing small at the corner of the frame, a hunching red smock, shoulders sagged with the weight of your new reality. It couldn’t have been, you thought--but you felt your own pulse pound at your throat, felt the band of perspiration around your own brow. Swallowing, you clutched the neck of your wimple and collapsed back onto the bed, your heart sinking through the floor. You weren’t sure how long you stared into the ceiling--just that it had been long enough to spike your eyes with tears, until, bidden by either exhaustion or by boredom or maybe both, you drifted off into sleep. “That’s it…” He knows, somehow. Somehow, he knows the precise pressure with which to brush your clit, he knows the exact moment to release you--that point when your breath hitches, catching on the inevitability of orgasm. He leaves you there, for only a moment, smothers you, his mouth on your lips, your breasts, your sex. You want him, you think, you need him--your body is being drawn and quartered by hunger, stretching further for desire than you think is physically possible. It’s inside of you, a thrashing black-red tangle of need, scratch marks behind your skin, the frenzied attempt to claw free, to break out, to devour you both. “Good girl,” he says, “cum for me…” You split open, the treacherous mass within you spinning out like loose thread from a spool, winding over your hips, your thighs, your knees, your shoulders, your fingers, sealing you tight around the white bliss that’s shredding through your nerves. It’s good, so incredibly, perfectly good, you groan, you whine, you shake, gasping… “Good evening.” Your eyes snapped open, and you sucked in a breath, scrambling to your feet and bowing your head. You didn’t need to be told even once--you’d known it was him, and you’d known what was expected. Pleasure crept through the edges of your body as you surveyed the floor--shadows of your dream. You could tell from the dampness of your skin and your hardened nipples that you’d came in your sleep. Shame could have swallowed you whole. If simple daydreams were embarrassing, how on earth should you classify wet dreams? “Ah. Um. Good evening, Commander.” It was evening, right? Yes, the sun was setting. God, you hoped he couldn’t tell. Could he tell? He couldn’t tell, right? “I see you’ve already met my Wife.” His voice was deep, soft, like the floor of a midnight forest. It made you want to see his face. “I imagined you’d want to become acquainted with me before tomorrow.” This was unusual, to your knowledge. Speaking with--or acknowledging the humanity of a Handmaid in any way was not typical. You remembered how his Wife had ordered you to stay in your room if he was home--and wondered, now, if there was reasoning behind it. “Nice to meet you.” That sounded stupid. Nice to meet you ? Were you a new classmate? “Um. Goodnight, then.” “Mm. Not so fast.” He stepped once, crossing the threshold into your room. Your chest iced over. “Look at me.” Your eyes leapt from side to side. You wanted to. You just weren’t sure if you should. “Look at me.” Holding your breath, you did--and nearly forgot to breathe again. You should have felt disgust, revulsion at the man who, given his rank, you knew to be responsible for your current predicament. But instead of that--or hatred, or even fear--the very first emotion you felt was a hot streak of lust. Horrified at yourself, you stuffed it down, but were unable to shake the notion that he was… not-ugly. High cheekbones and plush lips and hazel eyes, capped with thick, shoulder-length waves of dark hair, his black, bespoke suit accentuating his towering height and broad shoulders. He was--almost beautiful. And yet, you knew. It was strange, coming face-to-face for one of the men who had orchestrated your role. Given all of the re-education, you imagined you should have been reverent, like staring into the face of a demigod, or a local monarch. But all that would cycle through your brain was confusion. On one hand, you felt the distant desire to punch him in the gut. On the other, you wanted nothing more than for him to praise you. He stepped forward again, and you averted your gaze, trembling as the shine of his Oxfords crossed into your sight. Something brushed your chin, and you flinched, face reddening as you realized it was his fingers. He was turning you. Examining you. Now, this , you knew, was unorthodox. “Prettier than the last one,” he murmured, as if he were appraising a slab of meat. Though, you supposed--to him, you were. “Do you know my name?” Nausea flooded you. “Yes, sir.” “Tell me.” How could you not know it? His named informed your own. You were Ofkylo. And he was-- “Kylo Ren.” “Good,” he said, and patted your cheek. “Good girl.” The words revived the dissolving memory of your dream, and you shuddered against your will, thighs clenching underneath your skirts. The heat inside of you radiated from your skin like flames--you were certain he felt it, that, at the very least, he knew you were impure. You wanted to shove yourself through the porthole window like a crimson cork and pop out into the pond, become steam as you hit the cold water, dissipate into the air. “You’re turning red.” He pinched your chin. “Why?” Don’t look at him. “Nervous to be meeting you.” At least you were being somewhat honest. “You’re, um, my first Commander.” “Am I?” He turned your face toward his. You still refused to meet his eyes. “With any hope, tomorrow night will make me your last.” A chill shot up your spine. He could have meant one of two things--neither of them was particularly appealing. You hoped for one more than the other. “Y-yes, sir.” “I hope it will be pleasant,” he said, “though, likely nothing like your dream.” Your lungs stopped. For a moment, your heart did too. “I-I’m sorry?” “Your dream.” His thumb traced the curve of your lower lip, and you stifled a whimper. “You might think I’m callous, but I remember what pleasure looks like. And you…” His nail pressed into the flesh. “... were enjoying yourself.” By some miracle of nature, your knees did not buckle--and you were thankful for this, for the position you would have landed in would have been even more compromising than your current one. Your heart was throbbing in your chest, beating down to your fingertips. No words would leave, because none would form in your brain to begin with. Breath leaked from your nose, and you felt it skim his hand. “Sir! Excuse me, sir! Ms. Johana requests you!” The voice sliced between you like a cleaver. It was another Martha, from down the steps. “In a moment,” he called back, still fixated on you. “She says immediately , sir!” The smallest, slightest sigh blew through his nostrils. “Fine,” he said, and then lowered his voice. “I’ll see you tomorrow night, little bird.” He dropped you, and you could breathe again, every joint in your body shaking as he retreated into the hall. “And be good .” The door closed behind him, and you crumbled onto your knees. Notes: If you’re confused, this is a Handmaid’s Tale AU, because I love that novel so much. Feel free to read a synopsis online if you’ve never read the book (though I highly recommend reading it!) This AU was created on my blog, kylorengarbagedump.tumblr.com. It was conceived with the help of user checktheholonet, who I credit for both the themes in this piece, AND, most importantly, the title. Thank you SO MUCH, you are incredible and your writing is gorgeous. Anyway, welcome to my new fic. Love y'all so much! Chapter 2 : Be Good Summary: Your Commander is an "extremist"--and you need to stay away from him. Whatever that means. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) At night, your body and brain swarmed with thoughts of the Commander. His appearance, his… beauty had unsteadied you, sure, but what terrified you was his demeanor. You could still feel the ghost of his fingers at your chin, pinching you, angling you back and forth, the searing heat of his gaze boring through your flesh. You thought of his voice, like a deep sea echo, drowning you in the sin of his speech. I remember what pleasure looks like , he’d said. Be good. It was wrong. This was wrong. In your bed, you writhed, your thighs grinding together, seeking friction, seeking pressure. You could do it--sneak your hand between your legs, find your clit, buried underneath the layers and layers of chaste fabric, like a jewel stashed for safekeeping. But fear kept your wrists latched to your sides, kept your body cool. Be good . It was an admonishment. An order. Bitterly, you wondered if he ever had to be good. Johana’s face flashed in your memory. Perhaps he did. You awoke the next morning with a pool of dread in your gut, gathering thick and heavy as you dressed. Beyond your window, white ripples of light shimmered off of the pond, its surface shattered by the wind. A bird hopped along the pond’s edge, cocking its head at its reflection before flitting off into the gardens. You tightened your wimple around your neck, securing the wings at the side of your face. If only it were that easy. Steeling yourself, you opened your door and stifled a yelp, finding a Martha stooped there, her ear pressed to where the wood of the entrance had been. Her face flushed with blood, and she scrambled up, trying to dart away. “Wait!” you whispered. “Don’t just leave.” “I’m sorry!” Her voice was small and high--it was the first Martha from the day before. “I just, um--well--” Her plump hands trembled as she inched backwards. “It’s okay!” You reached out, but stopped yourself, recognizing the urge to comfort as a relic from another time. “It’s okay. I’m not--it doesn’t matter.” The Martha turned, tossing a glance over her shoulder before straightening her back, dusting off her bib and adjusting the locks of red hair that had fallen loose. She was short and stocky, with round, soft cheeks that were still dusted pink. Her eyes, wide and sea-green, scanned you. “Please don’t tell the Commander,” she said. “He isn’t supposed to know.” You frowned. “Know what?” “That Ms. Johana has me watching you,” she mumbled. Something squeezed your heart. “Watching me?” The Martha nodded. “Yes. She wants me to make sure you’re--well-- behaving , I guess.” “Behaving.” You remembered him crossing into the room. “Shouldn’t she--” “Shh!” She pressed her finger to her lips. “Quieter.” “Sorry,” you replied, lowering your voice again. “Shouldn’t she be making sure he behaves, instead?” She stared, blank, as if you’d spoken another language. Peeking over her shoulder again, she crept forward. “He’s not the one she can punish.” A fair point. “Well,” you said, “she doesn’t have anything to worry about. I’m not really interested in being hanged.” The Martha raised an eyebrow. “I know he was here last night.” Your face burned, and you swallowed, wanting to tear off your wimple. It was tight, too tight around your neck. “Are you going to tell her?” A long moment passed as she considered you, rolling back on her heels and crossing her arms. Your heart was a rock, crashing into your ribcage, the sound of its beat like a drum in your ears. There was no protocol for this. Grimacing, she sighed, dropping her hands to her sides and bowing her head. “No,” she said. “I won’t.” There was something going through her head--something she didn’t say. “I don’t want to be responsible for another one.” You choked on your own breath. “A-another one?” The sound of shattering porcelain jolted you both forward, a ragged snarl of frustration following it. “Ugh! Can you do anything right?” It was Johana. The Martha winced. “I have to go.” “Wait,” you said. “Can’t you tell me--” “ Later ,” she hissed, and paused, before turning. “I’m Emma. And you should stay in your room, today. She’s… not in a good mood.” She gathered her skirts in her hands, shuffled down the hall and bounded down the stairs. “Coming, Ms. Johana!” You stood there, almost certain the amount of sweat in your armpits had seeped through your dress--which, for some reason, you were concerned about. What if Johana saw? What if the Commander did? Maybe they’d wonder why you’d been so hot. Sheepish, you peeked under your arms. Nothing. Thank God. At least something was going right. Your legs still refused to move, Emma’s words swirling in your head. You knew that you were expected to walk to the market this morning, but the thought of inciting Johana’s palpable rage petrified you. Briefly, you feared that it was a set-up. Maybe staying in the room would make things worse. But Emma had nothing to gain by hiding her knowledge of the Commander coming to you--that sliver of trust would have to be enough. You tip-toed your way back into the room, easing the door shut behind you and crawling back onto your bed. It’d been less than 24 hours, and your stay at Commander Kylo Ren’s home was already giving you heart palpitations. All of your time at the Red Center had failed to prepare you for a Wife who wanted your every movement documented. It had certainly failed to prepare you for a Commander who--you shuddered--grabbed your chin and patted your cheek and told you to be good . Between them both, you were just a body, stranded in the sands of an arid desert--and they were bickering vultures, each seeking to strip you of flesh and leave your bones to bleach in the sun. Fighting back left you vulnerable to evisceration. Your only choice was to remain still, watch their shadows circle you, and hope. The arc of the sun crested over its peak, minutes turning to hours as the light in your room shifted with the drag of time. The day seemed to you like one long, exhausted breath, spilling from your lungs like fog, filling your room with all of its cloudy weariness. Staring into a ceiling was nothing new, for you--and now the view had changed, giving you an opportunity to memorize an entirely fresh set of threaded cracks. You imagined reaching up and digging your nails into them, prying them open like tiny canyons, turning your ceiling into a gaping mouth that could swallow you whole. But your back remained flat on the mattress. Pale yellow had dimmed to golden orange when a muted knock came from the door. You sat up, heart already skipping. “Yes?” Wood creaked as it opened, revealing a green dress beyond it. Emma. “Dinner,” she said, holding a silver tray in front of her. You sighed. Though you weren’t sure what kind of food you’d been expecting, a bowl of grey slurry hadn’t been high on the list. Not that you were hungry, anyway. Face falling, you caught Emma’s gaze as she placed the bowl by your bed. “Looks good,” you murmured, regarding it like hazardous waste. Emma’s mouth twisted, her voice almost softer than her breath. “Ms. Johana insisted.” “I see.” For whatever reason, your Commander’s Wife was insistent on making your life as miserable as possible. What had you been told in the Center? That one day, Handmaids would be regarded as daughters by Wives? You snorted. “Is she always like this?” Pursing her lips, Emma checked over her shoulder, sneaking to the entrance to observe the hall before easing the door half shut. She hopped over to you like a chubby, cautious rabbit. “It’s what I was saying before,” she muttered. “About there being others.” “Others?” you replied. “With an ‘ess’?” She nodded. “You’re maybe the third. That’s been through here.” All blood in your body pooled in your feet. Your heart was suspended over a void. “T-the third.” “The Commander…” Emma looked to the ceiling, considering. “He’s very serious. About the duty that’s been given to him.” “The duty...” Your brow furrowed, your eyes falling to your lap--red dress, and everything it concealed. “Reproduction.” She bowed her head. “He’s… an extremist.” A pause. “Ms. Johana--well--she, uh, disagrees.” “Oh.” Crimson crinkled in your fists. “W-what does that mean for me?” Footsteps--quick and hollow--sounded below. Emma stood, tucking the tray under her arm. “I have to go,” she said. “You want my advice--stay away from the Commander.” You nodded. “T-thank you,” you said. “Why are you so kind?” She shrugged. Downstairs, Johana hollered, her voice like cracking glass. “ Emma ! Can you please clean this mess in the den, he will be home any second now!” “I have my reasons,” Emma said, wincing. She ducked out and took off down the hall. You heard her mumble under her breath, “I just cleaned the den…” Heart racing, you scrambled to close the door behind her before turning and facing your excuse for dinner. More unusual treatment. Unsure if you’d even be able to choke down a spoonful, you grabbed the bowl, cradling it in your hand as you guided a single bite into your mouth. Well--could you really call it a bite? The slurry slid onto your tongue like mucus, oozing toward your throat inch by viscous inch. You gagged, tears collecting as you swallowed, convinced you felt it settling in the pit of your stomach. Lip curling, you returned the bowl to the floor, wiping your face and plopping back onto your bed. The sky was dimming. The only sound in your ears was your own restrained breath. Stay away from the Commander . It seemed like solid advice. You just wondered why she’d needed to give it in the first place. But then you imagined the heat of his body, only inches from yours, the calloused strength of his fingers on your chin, his voice, dark and deep and flooding your body with forbidden longing. Squirming, you tugged at the skirts on your hips, treating your sex like a disobedient dog. Stay away from the Commander , you repeated, stay away from the Commander . You did not exist for romance, you did not exist for pleasure--you did not, in fact, exist. Your humanity was a mere inconvenience to the coveted treasure within your body. To act otherwise was to tempt punishment, to attempt to dream in a world where you could not sleep. You were chained from the inside, shackled to your own organs with viscera and blood. In the silence of the falling night, you heard it--the crescendo of an engine, rolling like a wave over the gardens, its distant hum stirring your pulse. Your throat swelled shut, cheeks rushing red. Every beat of your heart seemed to come between long, breathless moments, moments where your ears burned from the emptiness of the air, moments where your body tensed and untensed, begging you for an order. “ Emma !” you heard Johana shout, muffled by the door. “He’s home !” Her voice was followed by bounding steps, a one-woman stampede down the hall to the door, and all you could do was watch as it burst open. Emma hung onto the doorknob, breathless, urging you forward. “It’s time,” she said. “The Ceremony.” Notes: Yay! Chapter two! I really really appreciate all the encouraging comments, so far! I love knowing other people enjoy this book too. And, even if that's not the case, I hope that you want to read it! I love you all! You're amazing. See you next week. <3