Voices Screaming Silence Voices Screaming Silence Armitage Hux was, if nothing else, a rather calculating man. He had not earned his rank of general by sitting on his hands or twiddling his thumbs. Thus, when the opportunity presented itself, the man succeeded where Kylo Ren had failed. Supreme Leader Snoke had ordered him to bring his apprentice, and the general of the First Order was doing just that. He moved a step beyond, however, in that while the wookie was busy carrying the injured traitor—FN-2187—the redhead had set his blaster to stun and shot the battle-wearied girl. The scavenger from Jakku had fallen to the snow, and she was light enough for him to lift. The wookie had roared in outrage, yet had been unable to pursue him without risking its life as well as the life of the injured ex-stormtrooper and the ship. After all, Starkiller—General Hux grit his teeth, his nose scrunching as he snarled while looking down at the girl in his arms—was about to meet its end. That the loathsome Resistance had managed this feat… Realistically he knew it had much to do with the traitor, whom Kylo Ren had thankfully injured and who would hopefully perish from his grave injuries, as well as the girl he now carried. Climbing aboard the shuttle that would take him away from the unstable weapon, General Hux spared Ren a quick glance. The Knight had his lips pulled back in a snarl, his eyes blazing with emotion. Hatred. Jealousy . He eyed the scavenger, who remained unconscious and draped across the general’s lap. Hux knew better than to let her go. Just as he was aware of how foolish it would be to not restrain her; her wrists were bound as well as her ankles by one of the stormtroopers. General Hux pinched his lips together as he stared down at the girl. Ren had failed to secure the droid because he had believed this young woman was all that was needed. A Force sensitive, yet untrained girl—and she had managed to leave Ren in his current position. Blue eyes rose from the unconscious brunette and landed on the marred face of Supreme Leader Snoke’s apprentice. Kylo Ren jerked his gaze away, acting for the world as though he had not been staring at the prisoner. At the sound of the planet’s explosion, its destruction, after they had left Starkiller, Genearl Hux squeezed his eyes closed. His teeth noisily protested their treatment as he once more clenched his jaw. Years of work ruined. Gone in an instant. All because Ren had allowed his personal interests to interfere. It had begun when the Force user had failed to divulge that something was off with FN-2187. “The one from the village. 2187.” Refusing to allow the droid’s destruction, yet failing to obtain it himself. Allowing himself to be defeated by the Jakku scavenger. Allowing her to escape and wreak havoc on the weapon. ~*~*~*~*~ Kylo Ren had felt a sense of gratitude towards his Master when General Hux had come to take him from off Starkiller Base as the unstable planet worked towards its doom. For the general he had felt contempt; he was there as nothing more than a pawn to carry out Snoke’s orders. Yet he could not deny the surprise that had flooded through him at the sight of the redheaded general entering the shuttle with the scavenger. Rey, he recalled from when he had been in her head—from when she had been inside his. The truth was, he had believed that she had taken pity on him when she had turned away from him on Starkiller. He had also thought that she would die there—and perhaps she would have if General Hux had not snatched her in the little time he had to do so. The pain in his throbbing body did not allow him to fall unconscious, though his blood loss would soon do the trick. His current state of agitation provoked him to fight off the fatigue, to show General Hux that he was not weak. Yet why, he wondered a moment later, did it matter what the general thought? Someone so insignificant—he wasn’t, though. Without aid from the Force, General Hux had erased a portion of Kylo Ren’s failure by capturing the girl. The man would receive the praise from Snoke that Ren himself coveted. When he realized that the redhead had looked his way, he immediately tore his gaze away from the pair. It was not, as Snoke had put it, his compassion for the girl that had caused his downfall. He would not make the excuse that his injuries from Chewbacca’s blast had weakened him either. Yet the act of killing his father—how had that caused his power to dwindle as it had? It had caught him off-guard, the way Han Solo had touched his face. So lovingly despite the act. Then he could feel it from the girl, the way the darkness had tugged at her. The primal manner in which she had fought against him, aiming to kill him. The officer at his side, also a trained medic, was patching up some of his wounds on a temporary basis. Kylo Ren felt the fear rolling off the man, and his agitation grew. His gaze was drawn again to the unconscious Rey. He could feel it in her. The Force. ~*~*~*~*~ She had felt the man approaching, had whipped around ready to ignite the lightsaber. And yet her reaction time had been less than what was necessary to stop the blaster from stunning her. Unconscious, her mind drifted. There was an island—familiar, yet somehow different than the one she always imagined when she had been on Jakku. This island was not green, but instead red. Burning. There was a scorching heat that coursed through her veins as the red tinge of sky met with the mixture of orange and black upon which her feet were placed. She turned around to find a new darkness. Taking several step backwards, Rey endured the voice that whispered to her. Kill him. Kill him. She nearly had. Yet something had kept her from doing so. Fearing for Finn’s life, she had turned away from Kylo Ren. She had nearly escaped, and yet— Jerking awake, Rey could not help but be reminded of the previous time she had been held by such restraints. At that time, however, Kylo Ren had been crouching in front of her. On this occurrence, a cold gaze met her. Unkind. Lips pressed tightly together, and his chin held up so that he was staring down his nose at her. She did not know his name, yet the insignia on his hat bespoke of his alliance. A flash of memory, and she recalled that this was the man who had assaulted her following her battle with Ren on Starkiller. As with her previous capture, Rey was left wondering: where was she? Where were her friends? This time, a new question: had Finn survived his injuries? Had Chewbacca and Finn escaped with the Millennium Falcon before the planet erupted? She had already witnessed the death of Han Solo, the man closest to a father figure as she could ever remember having. The man across from her tilted his head to the side. She considered that he was possibly waiting for her to speak first. The last time she had done so, had asked Kylo Ren the very questions that were at the forefront of her mind. She repressed a shudder at the memory of that encounter. It had been the first time she had used the Force, true; and yet the way he had dug into her mind had been painful. It had taken all her willpower to keep him away from the information he had so desired. Rey did not believe that the man before her could utilize the Force, however she was not about to underestimate him either. Her mouth was dry, and her chest felt heavy with every breath that she took. Rey raked her eyes once more along the man’s frame. Somehow she did not believe he would be susceptible to mind-tricks as the stormtrooper had been on Starkiller. As though he could read her mind, the man’s lips spread into a cruel smile. “The girl who bested Kylo Ren.” She blinked twice at the greeting then furrowed her brow, unsure how to respond to him. There was a level of admiration in his voice that could not be denied, and yet it was with partial contempt that he stared at her. “The reason we did not acquire the droid.” Her throat bobbed when she swallowed around nothing, her mouth filling with saliva due to nervousness. There was something in the way he referred to BB-8 that did not sit well with her. Or perhaps it had more to do with the way he stepped forward, sneering. As though she were less than bantha fodder. Rey was no strange to such stares; on Jakku, it was a cutthroat world. Every scavenger for him or herself. Unless you were extra lucky and had a family with you—although even then… Rey had seen her fair share of betrayal. The manner in which this man spoke of Kylo Ren reminded her of such times. They may have similar interests, however she gathered the impression that either would betray the other at a single moment’s notice. Maybe without any notice at all. She raised her eyes towards the ceiling. The Force flowed through her, and she could feel it if she concentrated. Could feel the lives around her, although she could not pinpoint their exact locations. Except for one, which was uncomfortably familiar to her. She shied away from it with an outward shudder that had her current audience cocking his head to the side and watching her more keenly. She directed her attention to him; anything to distract her mind from the being known as Kylo Ren. “Do you plan to kill me?” she asked levelly. There was only a small part of her that was afraid. She had no wish to die, and yet she had spent her life encountering dangerous situations. That was what happened when one was raised a scavenger. The redhead pursed his lips forward before straightening out his mouth. “I will deliver you to Supreme Leader Snoke, as are his wishes.” Rey narrowed her eyes a fraction of an inch, watching him. There was something…else, although she could not quite place it. ~*~*~*~*~ Standing before the girl, he found that he was thrown a little off-guard by her bravery, although he did what he could to conceal this. Her voice had not quivered in the least when she had asked if she was to die. As though death was an everyday event—which was a fact. General Hux nearly regretted his plans to turn her over to Snoke, at least so soon. He could, in part, see what had intrigued Ren so. Although had it been up to him, General Hux would have secured both the droid and the girl before leaving Takodana. “Because of the Force?” she asked, her eyebrows drawing closer to one another for but a moment when she uttered out the final word. Armitage Hux was a man of science. Technology. His accomplishment of Starkiller could attest to that—he once more cursed the very existence of the traitorous FN-2187. The Force held little interest for him. “That may well be what has caught his attention,” the general said without lying. There was a hardness to her face, a guardedness, that he found himself admiring. This was not a weak-willed girl, as he had previously believed. The young woman had seen much, had endured, likely alone, on the planet of Jakku as a scavenger. “Or it may be that you hold the key to discovering the location of Skywalker.” Her gaze immediately dropped to his boots, and Hux allowed himself a small moment of victory. The next second, however, she raised her eyes back to his face. “You believe he’ll be able to take it from me?” General Hux was uncertain how to take the question. He could not tell if she was curious, afraid, skeptical, or a variety of those emotions. She had kept her tone so level. The girl shifted in her restraints, her throat bobbing as she visibly swallowed. He stepped closer to her, observing the way she tensed, and reached for the bottle of water that had been set nearby for this very cause. He unscrewed the cap and set the rim to her lips. The girl eyed him with unmasked skepticism, and General Hux found himself nearly chuckling. Yet not quite; he was able to keep his composure. ~*~*~*~*~ Rey could smell the water, and everything in her screamed for the fluid to enter her body. Yet she had grown up on a merciless planet and knew better than the trust anyone. How had he done it, she wondered. She recalled feeling him in her mind, Kylo Ren’s fear, the very thing that had opened his mind to her. She felt herself reaching out mentally, focusing everything on the man in front of her. Proud. He was proud, calculating… And then there it was: the way his eyes would grow almost soft, as though he was suddenly unsure. As though he had not always been able to be so proud. Rey reached for that, latching on. His mind was not clear to her as Kylo Ren’s had been. The man recoiled, as though he could feel her digging inside. “Wait!” she said, tensing when the water was pulled away from her lips. The man paused, considering her with more than a little disgust. That she had felt in his mind; his hatred for the Force. One other thing she had felt, and that had been that the water was not poisoned, that he was both amused and impressed that she believed it would be. He returned the rim of the bottle to her lips, and this time she opened her mouth enough so that he could tilt the container. She drank the few gulps he allowed her to before the man pulled away the bottle. He closed it once more then set it off to the side. Rey watched him take a step backwards away from her, his arms going behind his back. A military posture, she realized after another few seconds of staring. “He’s still alive,” she said aloud. It was a fact, one that caused the man across from her to blink once. He likely knew exactly to whom she was referring. Rey could feel him again, as though he was reaching out for her. She grit her teeth, closed her eyes, and willed away every thought of Kylo Ren. She shakily exhaled, her eyelids rising and her gaze on the area directly in front of her, on the man who was watching her with a certain level of vague interest. Her lips were pulled back, her teeth bared as she breathed. That damn voice! Kill him. She trembled, feeling tears forming in her eyes as she shook her head to erase the dark thoughts rising inside of her. Frustration over her current position, over the fact that she knew not the fate of her companions. Rage over losing Han Solo, over being taken away from Finn—Finn, the first and only person to have ever come back for her! These emotions only fueled the burning flame that was the voice. It threatened to burn itself forever in her mind. Get out of my head! she mentally screamed. Pressing up against the back of the interrogation table to which she was restrained, Rey breathed in and out through her nose. Each of her breaths was noisy, and upon each exhale the man across from her blinked. Her lips parted, and she began to orally breath. Panting, Rey realized that she had to focus on something else. Anything else in order to will away the voice. The only thing of remote interest was the man in front of her. She despised the First Order—such thoughts only urged the darkness on. Yet this man was… He was… Rey blinked. The man was layered. Guarded. She had felt it in Kylo Ren and she had grown up with it as well. The man before her, his childhood had been riddled with adversity. It was the only explanation that offered itself up to her. “Who are you?” She had not even realized she had spoken the words until the man responded simply: General Hux. It was so formal, Rey thought. “Hux,” she repeated. “ General Hux,” the man corrected, practically snarling at her. Rey, at last focused on the present, again rested her head on the table. She repeated only his title, and the man’s eyes dropped to the floor for less than a second. That moment of hesitation, as though he did not know how to react with her. But she was the same; her gaze darted to a different portion of the room before returning to him. ~*~*~*~*~ He had felt it. The Force building within the girl. Kylo Ren sat hunched over on a chair, his elbows resting on his knees and legs spread slightly apart from one another. His side throbbed, as did his other injuries. His face—he had to remind himself to not touch it. The salve that had been used numbed his injuries only so much. Enough for him to fall into a meditative state. It was then that he had felt her. Kylo had been felt the very moment she had become aware of him. The way they felt one another through the Force. The muscles in his legs tensed. That same force that had driven her to nearly kill him had started to course through her again. And for a second time she had managed to will it away. It was when he felt a calmness coming from her that he pressed his mind towards her. Curious, he wanted only to see if he could feel her. Perhaps she could sense this; the scavenger did not push him away this time. A small caress along his mind, as though the girl was opening up to him. She was also curious about something…about… The name hit him. General Hux. Kylo Ren was almost surprised that he felt no bitterness towards the redhead at the moment. Perhaps it had much to do with the fact that his emotions were swayed by the girl’s. Rey was curious about General Hux. And suddenly, so was Kylo Ren.