Chapter 1 Thick, humid air greeted Luke as he stepped off the ship. The air was reminiscent of Tatooine, yet stickier, a bit hotter, too. His thin shirt stuck to his skin, his shoes already filling up with sweat. The shorts he wore were pushed to his thighs, making his walk rigid and awkward. “Sir, where am I?” Luke tapped a man on the shoulder to ask the question. The man was taller than Luke was, and appeared to be a few years older. His brown hair looked to be drenching with sweat as he moved some out of his eye, a stand falling out of the hair gel. “Name’s Han Solo, and we’re on Bespin,” Han reached his hand to Luke’s, shaking his hand fast. “You’re new, aren’t you?” “Yeah. New arrivals are here today. I’m the only one from Tatooine,” Luke continued to walk with Han to the entrance of the building. “Hard to have friends on a planet with an average of 200,000 inhabitants.” “Look, you’re my friend now, alright?” Han pressed the button to open the door. It slid up, revealing a large room with white walls, white flooring, and circular tables, each one with four chairs. “Get yourself cleaned up, I’ll grab breakfast for ‘ya.” Luke found himself in a bathroom stall, his satchel hanging on a hook. He changed from his ordinary clothing into the more sophisticated uniform, exactly identical to Han’s. The sleeves of his blazer were dark green, the shirt below it white, then his tie green in color, too. His slacks were ebony, and his shoes matched them, the dress shoes slightly stretched from Luke forcing his feet into the wrong size. Yesterday he was a simple moisture farmer, today he was enrolled into the Imperial Academy. As cliché as it sounded, Luke was thoroughly excited to get an education. He’s spent most of his childhood dreaming to be a pilot, a job he hoped would be offered to him after leaving the academy. He took a look in the bathroom mirror, straightening his tie and flashing a smile to himself. Gah, that was too nerdy of a thing for him to do. How would that help him make friends? Han had already taken him under his wing to some extent, offering friendship and grabbing him breakfast, yet he didn’t know how much longer that would last. The older man looked to be good with the ladies, muscular, bronzed skin, brown hair and a perfect smile, and his muscular build made him appear to look strong. All of Han’s qualities didn’t match to Luke’s. Luke was blonde, skinny, and could barely carry his bag as he took it off of the ship. The young man sighed, walking out of the restroom and into the mess hall, where he spotted Han sitting at a table alone, on the far left of the room, near the door for the auditorium. In this room filled with people, how did Luke expect himself to reach his chair? Too many colors shifted together, the black of trousers, green of blazers, white walls and white flooring, the futuristic skylight that the ceiling had, although being the ground floor of the building built up way too high, letting footsteps on the floor of the second hall be apparent. Luke hadn’t seen a single girl yet, nor a teacher. There had to be too large of a population of students for there to be enough professors to go around, despite Bespin having six-million inhabitants. The average class was fifty students, letting the average year size over five-thousand, if Luke’s rough estimate of ten classes a day was correct. The male-to-female ratio also had to be rather unbalanced, even if the female students had not arrived yet. He’d been given no information about the academy, other than knowing he’d arrive the fall he turned nineteen. After mazing through a myriad of fellow classmates, Luke sat down beside Han at their round table, observing the other two chairs empty, subtracting Han’s bag in the closest chair to him. “I hope you enjoy coffee, bantha milk was the only other option, and that turns out to be quite expensive, shipping it to the outer rim and all. The bread’s pretty dry, it sounds disgusting, but dipping it into the coffee is your best choice,” Han ripped off the top right corner from his brown bread, its square shape losing value. “I got us a cup of butter, chipped in an extra four half-credits for it. Thought you’d like for us to feast like kings on your first day here.” “Credits? We’ve got to buy our meals here? Han, there’s no sense in you doing that,” Luke sighed and pushed the small plastic cup of butter to Han’s side of the table. “I was trying to be nice. Just pay me back when you can, better be pretty soon though, work’s not looking too promising,” Han pushed the cup back to Luke, where Luke reluctantly tore off part of his bread ration and dipped it into the warm butter, the liquid’s high viscosity apparent, as it was quickly cooling back into its original amorphous state. “What do we do as jobs? Sweep the dorm room floors?” “Allowances of twenty credits are given every two weeks. We have actual jobs if we’re lucky, usually year threes obtain ‘em. Started this one in my first year, I’m in charge of maintenance on the Millennium Falcon, ever heard of her? Fastest ship in the galaxy, made the Kessel Run in less than twelve parsecs,” Han slid his mechanics book out of his bag and sat it down on the table, beginning to write in a note in one of the margins lightly with his pencil. “Been working on the damn hyperdrive the entire summer, they want that plus a million other things finished by spring, and that deadline isn’t looking too great.” “I can help if you need me to, I’ve heard that mechanics can be a pretty easy fix.” “You’re from Tatooine, aren’t you? I can smell the sand still in your skin. This isn’t pod building, this is the greatest ship ever known, you can’t fix it overnight. Besides, I know that ship in and out, and I’ve already gotten a wookie on board to help. I’ll take you out with Chewie and I this weekend for a guy’s night if we’re still acquaintances,” Han turned the page of his textbook to the glossary, checking the page number of a certain lesson. “I couldn’t help but notice that your book is a level ten. They don’t even teach up to level six here,” Luke pointed out the double-digit number on the top-right corner of the textbook’s cover. “Not just any handyman can work on such a vast machine as the Falcon, takes time. This is my third year here, I advanced to level seven in my first eight months. I can’t go any higher than level ten before the term officially starts.” “I think there’s a few more students walking in,” Luke turned around to see the door, and the girls started to file in, walking past the lunch tables on the row ahead of him. “The girl,” Han tagged on Luke’s collar, the younger of the two turning behind him, sipping his morning coffee still and waving a hello. The female, doe-eyed and relatively short, showing a nice figure and her plaid skirt up too high, looked over to the two of them, rolling her eyes slightly and smiling. “She looks nice,” Han smiled back to her, then turned to face Luke again. “Just because she’s one of the only members of your preferred gender at the academy doesn’t mean that you’re attracted to her, hopefully.” Luke took another piece off of his sinking a bit of it into his coffee and gingerly ate the piece, first gagging at the unique taste, then realizing how much smoother the bread was, making a mental note to thank Han for his absurd suggestion. “I’m not saying that I want to hook up with her, I’m just saying that she’s pretty. Respecting her, not memorizing her every move,” Han laughed, downing his coffee. The bell rang, Luke jerking up from his chair. “Sounds like an attack siren, I know, don’t stress it, kid.” Luke wrapped the remainder of his bread into a napkin, tossing it into his satchel and walking over to the trash chute. He tossed the cardboard tray into the trash, crumbling up the paper cup that his coffee came in, sliding it down the chute, too. His schedule was in the front of his bag, thus he fished it out, leaning against a wall near the first flight of stairs in the building. He unfolded it, revealing a spreadsheet on the dull yellow paper. Astronomy first class, then mechanics following straight after. He’d go up to the roof for biology, then back down to the fifth level for chemistry, take lunch, then attend galactic physics and statistics, ending the day with dinner and another class of astronomy. Six classes a day wasn’t too bad. Classes started at eight each morning, then ended at ten that evening. Each class was two hours, sparing each astronomy class only lasting for one hour, then galactic physics and statistics an hour. They had an hour for lunch, and an hour for dinner. Compared to the ten minutes that Luke had to devour his breakfast, an hour was an astonishing amount of time. He studied over the schedule, astronomy was at the top level. The building they were in had to be twenty stories, and the spiral staircase towered before him. There were only five minutes between classes, leaving Luke to run to the staircase, pounding past classmates, attempting to grab the handrail in the midst of the herd, yet failing to do so. As Luke walked into the astronomy classroom, he heard the familiar bell ring again. Slumping into the only empty seat, turning out to be right beside Han, he pulled his astronomy textbook from his bag and sat it onto his marble desk, throwing his head back in relief that their professor was late, giving him a second to finally relax. “There’s an elevator beside the kitchen,” Han looked over to him, snickering. “Why didn’t you just tell me that in the first place?” “Hey, can’t be late,” Han shrugged, smiling and tipping his head to Luke. “What year are you in?” Luke asked Han, surprised that he was in the same class that he was. “Three, but my schedule was misprinted for the last two years. Never got a chance to take astronomy, instead they falsely put three blocks of mechanics,” Han pulled his astronomy textbook from his bag and began to write his name in the front cover. “God, my handwriting is so terrible that if this gets lost they’ll never be able to track me.” “Good or bad thing?” “Mainly good, did a few deals with Jabba the Hutt summer before last, screwed up pretty bad. There’s bounty hunters for me, don’t know where I am now, as I get away with lying about my age, but if they found a textbook with my name and the school’s stamp I’d be toast,” Han wrote the last ‘o’ in ‘Solo,’ then sat his pen down. “You seem so cool, I’m just a farm boy living with my aunt and uncle on Tatooine. I’d never even face Jabba. Hell, I hardly know who he even is!” A loud slam came from behind the men, the professor walking in and shutting the door fast. “Admond,” the professor called a name, earning a ‘here’ from the front of the class. “Ashton.” Another ‘here’ was the only sound in the room. Luke zoned out for a moment, then felt Han tap his shoulder before the professor called the next name on the roll. “Calrissian.” Silence. “Lando Calrissian.” Another beat of silence flooded the room. “Absent.” Luke sent Han a confused look, and Han answered with running his hand in front of his neck, a motion that showed him slicing his neck clean off. “I’ll explain later,” Han mouthed. “Ophelia,” Luke had been focusing on the roll for so long that he was almost asleep. He was looking out to see if any other people Han knew were out of sight. “Organa,” a tired ‘here’ came from the girl’s mouth. Luke leaned up some from his desk, seeing that the woman whose name was called just-so-happened to be the girl from mess. Her brown hair was tied back into an intricate braid up-do, two braids joined together to meet in a bun. Level five galactic physics and statistics would’ve been easier to solve than her hair. Luke looked back down to his book, opening the cover as Han had and writing his surname in the cover. “Skywalker,” “Here, Miss,” Luke looked up from his book, waving with a smile to his professor. “There’s nothing to smile about here, flyboy,” the girl whose last name was Organa turned to him, rolling her eyes. “Leia,” their professor slammed what appeared to be a ruler onto the aforementioned girl’s desk, yet didn’t seem to be strict as she did so. “I’m sorry, you may continue on with our roll call,” Leia ducked her head down to her book, already skimming through the pages. “I don’t have all day here,” the professor sighed, glaring at Leia as she passed to the back of the classroom, calling the final few names. “Alas, here we begin. Turn to page seventeen, we begin to study the planets. Ahch-To through Corellia will be studied during this first week of classes, and I expect through notes on each of the planets, including coordinates, inhabitants, and three notable events. Notes for the ‘A’ planets are due to me by our evening class period tomorrow.” “Do we just start on it?” Luke looked to his left where Han sat, whispering his question. “I believe so, seems like she’s pretty independent,” Han turned to page seventeen, sighing as he discovered the two page spread on Ahch-To. Han never looked at the stars. Of course, when he was taking the Falcon on test rides, or was losing valuable cargo and placing a bounty on his head, he had wound up in deep space, but he had never taken the time to study the world up above him. Bespin had been his home for three years now, Corellia was his home planet, and where he was before he started to smuggle as a teen, a past he wasn’t quite proud of. He’d seen the stars as he traveled to and from trading posts, been to another academy when he was younger, yet was thrown out due to rescuing his counterpart Chewbacca, whom he snuck onto Bespin to help build the Falcon, something that the empire was opposed to at first, but didn’t mind after seeing that he was great help to his mechanical workings. Han’d been all over the galaxy, yet he never took the time to learn it. He knew where planets were by their trading posts, knew when the tide would come in, making it impossible to land on the coast, knew what species inhabited most planets in the inner rim, found himself in a cantina on Tatooine, hiding there after running into Jabba the Hutt, yet that knowledge wasn’t important according to the professor. Knowing coordinates of the planet itself, how many people inhabited it, and notable events weren’t important to him. All that he wanted to do was to finish his academy lessons early, finish the Falcon, give it to the empire and maybe throw Jabba his eleven thousand credits, and book it to Coruscant, where he could possibly find a job in the overpopulated planet and hide from all of the other debts he owed. ‘Ahch-To, a mainly oceanographic planet, filled with oceans of diverse creatures and birds resting on the many islands floating feet above surface…’ Han shut his book. He looked over to Luke, who was already a front and back page of lined paper into his notes, carefully shifting his hand to the next page in his notebook and heading the page as ‘Alderaan,’ then continuing to flip the textbook page. There was no page for Alderaan. The pages had clearly been ripped out of the book’s strong binding had been made in the book. Pages upon pages of history, torn from the textbook. It had even been marked out in the glossary. “Han, is your book like this too?” “Yeah,” Han turned the page to where Alderaan was missing, Anoat there instead. “This can’t be right, I’ve been to fucking Alderaan, where is it?” “Miss,” Leia was raising her hand. Their professor looked up from a hologram of another teacher which had been quietly speaking of a new lesson plan to her. “I’m afraid that my book has been vandalized. There are fifteen missing pages, all of which cover the planet of Alderaan.” “I’ve never heard of that planet in my life, you’re delusional,” their professor stared at Leia, seemed to burn a hole straight through her head. “Hate to interrupt you, but I’ve visited Alderaan before, early this summer, and last thing that I checked the planet was still fully intact,” Han spoke out of turn, defending Leia’s statement. “Did I ask for you to speak?” Their professor cocked her head, looking to Han. “No, mam,” Han shook his head slyly, looking down to his outdated textbook. The edges were still crisp, the book having never been used before, but for the other two years that Han had devoted, devoted used very loosely, to his subjects, they had been supplied with holo-books. Bark covered spines and front covers, yet each page blue and transparent, the gold writing on each page flickering in and out as the professor would introduce new topics. His only textbook that wasn’t digital was his mechanics book, which was understandable, as a main part of the class was writing down concepts and extra information that was not in the book already. Han had seen much worse in his years of being orphaned and living as a smuggler, but something about the old style textbook, with an entire section ripped out haphazardly, annoyed him. He was at this school to get a job, not to learn an insignificant subject from a book without accurate information. Luke was still busy jotting down his notes, already reaching past Anoat and beginning his notes on Bespin. ‘Bespin, a large gas planet, located in the outer rim, is home to famous Cloud City. Along with the city, Bespin’s main export is cloud cars, common in Cloud City as a mode of transportation…’ As Luke was reaching the end of the sentence that he was currently reading, the shrill bell rang again. Luke sprung up from his chair, quickly grabbing his things. “It’s alright, relax,” Han pushed in his own chair as tucked his book underneath of his arm. “What’s your next class?” “Mechanics.” “Follow in my footsteps,” Han patted his shoulder, as he began to walk out of the door. “On a second thought, don’t become too good at it. Don’t need another person screwing up the Falcon as I do.” Han walked astray from Luke, leaving him to weave through the crowd of students and to one of the elevators, standing behind Leia. “I like your hair,” Luke complimented her. She turned around and gave him a small style. “Thanks, there’s really nothing to do in space but braid, so I’ve become pretty great at doing so,” Leia replied to Luke, tucking a stray strand of hair behind her right ear. “What class do you have next?” “Mechanics, you?” “Mechanics level nine, I suppose you’re at level one.” She looked down to the mechanics textbook that Luke was holding, pointing out the number on the corner. “Nine? What year are you even in?” Luke stepped back some, mouth wide and brows furrowed. “Year one. Pays off to study while you’re younger,” Leia shrugged her head to him, then walked onto the elevator, hearing the ringing of the door opening. “You’re from Tatooine, I can tell.” Leia told Luke, as he stumbled behind her into the large elevator. “Yeah. Moisture farming. I’m in mostly all remedial classes, education’s sparse in most of the outer rim.” “You have a tan, and you’re a little too short for the academy to assign you as a stormtrooper, obviously a Tatooine inhabitant,” Leia interjected. “Have fun,” Leia stepped off the elevator as it opened again. Her class was on the fourteenth floor, just above the top tier of the female dorm rooms. There was no way she would ever be able to relax during lunch and dinner breaks down in her dorm if the hallway was even half as busy as it was now. The sound of students running to their classes sounded like a herd of taun-tauns, unpleasant and loud footsteps, heavy on the linoleum. Luke stepped off on the same floor, walking into the first room to his left. Projected on the front wall was a board of today’s work, and a ranking of the students in mechanics, going from the best in class to the worst. Han Solo was etched in gold lettering on the blue holo surface. Leia Organa was one step below him. Luke let out a small laugh as he sat down into his seat. Han would forever be pissed at Leia for coming close to beating him. Luke wasn’t even in the rankings. The Lando guy whom Han had mentioned earlier was ranked sixth, but his name was faded into grey, likely caused by his absence. A thin mechanics book was stored into Luke’s bag, and he pulled it out, placing it onto his marble desk, the same desk that every classroom was furnished with, and flipped through the pages. The textbook had one hundred pages in all, a sum that was measly compared to the astronomy book taking up half of his bag. The weight of the book in his bag made him dread trudging it around all day, along with his carrying all of his belonging he had brought here with him in the bag, too. He stood his back up straight has the bell rang, making his body go stiff, his posture rigid. It was just too similar to attack sirens. Along with that, the sirens rang during the sandstorms. The academy scared him so far, and it was all because of the bell. Perhaps Leia was right, there was nothing to smile about here. Nevertheless, Luke wrote his name in the front cover, closing it as the professor took to his wooden desk. “Let’s talk about first term,” he stood up, walking over to the projection of the board. “Each Monday you receive a project. The next Monday, I expect it to be completed. Other teachers critique my work, saying that class should be used for projects and experimentation, not pointless book work and notes, but I say that my teaching method works just fine. Taught Han Solo for a week, then he had already advanced to level three. You could say that I push you all, but I just want you to do well in life, learn how to get things done fast, and learn how to do things on your own. Here’s this week’s packet you’re basing your project on,” the professor handed a large stack of stapled papers to the first student in the front row, leading to people taking a packet then passing. “Go ahead and start your notes on chapter one, then if you finish that you can start the essay component of the project I’ve assigned.” Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 Summary: Han befriends Leia later on into her first day, and she comes to the epiphany that she knows more about Luke than he does. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “I thought mechanics was going to be easy,” Luke strolled beside Han in the hallway, walking to the kitchen to get in line for their lunch. “Told you it wasn’t,” Han grabbed a tray, setting it down onto the metal table that lined the food. He took a bread slice and some vegetables, sliding down his tray as he moved on, taking a metal tong and grasping a piece of the fish they served. The piece resembled sushi, as rare as it was cooked. Fish was one credit extra, money that Han thankfully had. Han was used to the small meals, his breakfast a roll, lunch bread and vegetables, meat if he was lucky, and for dinner he was usually served nothing, either that or very little of the expensive meal. Over three credits for a meal had become expensive to him over the years. Han made steady money compared to the rest of the students, 25 credits a week, but that still could barely hold him over. He wasn’t the most frugal person in the galaxy, and with purchasing food and his textbooks for the term he was already almost broke. Pay was cut short each day he failed to fix the hyperdrive, going down by a half-credit each day. The empire had no interest in firing him, yet they had no interest in paying him, either. The twenty credit allowance every two weeks would be keeping him afloat for the year, setting it into his desk drawer in his dorm and forcing himself to keep it stowed away. “What’s your next class?” Luke took a piece of bread for himself and sat it onto his tray. “Government,” Han sighed, tossing a handful of credits into the deposit slot and waiting for Luke to fetch his own money. “You?” “Galactic physics and statistics,” Luke began to pay. “Sounds hard.” “It is. I’m going to go ahead and get our table,” Han said as he began to walk away. “Thanks, I’m going to my dorm to freshen up some,” Luke smiled. “I’ll take your tray.” Han grabbed the tray from Luke’s hands before he could deny Han’s favor, and he walked into the commons area of the mess. The men’s dorms were located on the thirteenth and fourteenth floors of the building. First through third-year students were dormed on the third floor, and fourth and fifth year students were dormed on the fourth floor. Luke rode the glass elevator to the third floor, finding his dorm to the the first one to his left. He slipped his key into the lock, fumbling around a bit, finding it difficult to open. The lock snapped open, revealing a plain white room, resembling the rest of the school. There was a white wooden bed, an oak desk, and a wardrobe, white like the bed. Luke sat his bag down in his desk chair, emptying its contents onto the desk. He didn’t need his biology, chemistry, or mechanics books for the rest of the day, thus he stacked them thickest to thinnest on the left corner of his desk. A package of four uniforms were in his bag, too, and he unfolded the clothing, hanging it on the metal hangers in the wardrobe. The bag he had carried around was packed impossibly full, his shoulder aching from the weight. He tossed his old clothing in the bottom of the wardrobe. He had no other belongings, other than a few pens and pencils. Meanwhile, Han had found himself finishing lunch early. He was about to stand and throw his food away, finding some way to get Luke’s food to him, as it wasn’t allowed in the dorm rooms, when he felt a tap on his shoulder. “Is someone sitting here?” “Actually, my friend Luke is,” Han turned back his head, focusing his eyes on Leia standing behind him. “Well, he was, I’m sure that he wouldn’t mind if you sat here for a moment or two.” “Thank God, you don’t know how long I’ve been searching for a decent person to talk to,” Leia sat down, scooting Luke’s tray to the side. “Not saying that you are decent, just seem to be.” “Thanks for the reassurance,” Han laughed. “How are you?” “I could be better, seeing as I’m trapped in this hellhole , but I’ve been worse.” “What’s so wrong about the academy? It takes a few days, alright, but trust me, you’ll like it here,” Han slipped his mechanics book he was studying into his bag as he spoke. “Don’t you think that it’s rather odd that the academy tells us nothing about why we’re here, or what the purpose is?” “We’re here to learn, Leia, where else would we get an education? The empire likes smart people. They like me, at least,” Han shrugged. “I promise it’ll get better, I know it’s hard.” “I’m already in the top of my classes, already grades ahead. It’s all too easy for me, all too suspicious…,” Leia pondered off, looking out the window beside them into the near pink and purple clouds littering the city skies. “By the way, where is Luke?” Leia quickly changed the subject, finishing her meat and taking a bite off of her slice of bread. “He’s in his dorm,” Han started to stand up. “I’m gonna go ahead and call him down here, needs to eat his food in the thirty minutes we have left.” “I can do that.” “We can’t mix genders in the dorms or dorm halls,” Han stood up fully, placing his bag on his shoulder and placing his mechanics book back in. “You can come along with me, I’ll wait for you to finish.” “Just put his food into a napkin, can’t be that hard to hide things in the rooms,” Leia laughed, wrapping Luke’s food into two napkins at once and handing the food to Han. “True, I’ve hidden a lot in mine,” Han confessed, walking beside her to the elevator. “Mind sharing that classified information? I don’t want to be caught with anything,” Leia jokingly smirked. “You really don’t care about your reputation here, do ‘ya?” Han patted her back, letting out a small smile as he did it. “I care much more about my reputation than everyone else does. I want to come off as being diplomatic, perhaps badass at the same time, but we can’t all have nice things, can we?” She entered the elevator behind Han, touching the button for the third floor. “We can’t have candles,” Han began his list, and he laughed as he heard her mutter ‘shit’ underneath her breath. “Or drugs, or food, any sort of birth control, or any signs of allegiance with the rebellion, whatever that means. And no communication to the outside world.” “What all of that do you have?” The elevator was going slow, and Leia had time to keep conversation with Han as they rode. “I have a candle, and some food, maybe I do keep some recreational substances from time to time. I’ve got condoms, but I haven’t hooked up with someone here before.” “Really, you haven’t?” Leia looked to be stunned. “You’re handsome, well, slightly . Don’t let that go to your head. And you can be kind, you’ve got your moments.” “Leia, you’ve known me for less than a day, you can’t just assume that I’m a man whore.” “Han, you’ve known me for less than a day, you can’t just assume I can’t do the schoolwork assigned by the academy,” she cocked her head and smiled, the elevator door opening. “Not sure that’s on the same level,” Han laughed. “Forgive me,” Leia walked behind him, talking in a hushed voice, as she wasn’t allowed on the level at any time. It seemed strange that there was no surveillance to keep her out. Han knocked on the first door. “Skywalker?” He lowered his voice, imitating one of their guards, knocking on the door. “Solo?” “Damn, you’ve caught me. Now, let me in,” Han puffed air from his lips and rolled his eyes playfully. “Han, I thought you were at lunch,” Luke opened his door halfway, laughing at Han standing there. “Oh, hey, Leia,” Luke opened his door fully, waving to the woman as she stuck up her hand as a gesture back. “Got your food, lunch is about over, thought you’d like some,” Han fumbled around in his bag, grabbing the food and handing it over to Luke. “Can I talk to Luke for a second?” Leia walked ahead of Han. “It won’t take long-” The bell cut her off, causing her to turn around and scramble to the elevator. “What was that for? Never seen someone run that fast.” “She’s not allowed here. No girls in guy dorms,” Han sighed, turning back to see she had left already. “She’s fast, what’s the rush? Doesn’t seem that she’s too concerned about her schoolwork.” “She is. Top of all her classes, except mechanics, of course. She just hates the people, thinks there’s some sort of agenda. That’s impossible, though, the empire loves us. Well, they like me, gave me work, let’s just forget the whole bounty thing,” Han laughed. “I’ve got Government next. You?” “Physics and statistics.” “Can’t help with that,” Han turned around and walked to the elevator, rising to the eighteenth floor, whose hallway held the Government classroom. Government was one of the harder subjects, which was why it was usually reserved for third-year students. Another component of Government was Home Economics, which Han knew was going to drive him insane. He didn’t want to stay home, didn’t want to raise a family, didn’t want a shitty office job and corporate calls. Working on the Falcon was his pride and joy, being able to fly it on test flights made him enjoy life again, give him a reason to keep going through schooling. He didn’t want a boring life, didn’t want a wife to be attached to. Han was too independent to have a partner, too independent to have friendships, even. Chewie was a great companion and sidekick, and from the hours he’d known Luke, he had found his very personable, yet Han would never be satisfied with company. All he had found himself needing was himself. He had a friend named Lando, well, more of a rival at this point, and he had left to join the ‘rebellion,’ something Han was clueless about. Two or three women had found their way into Han’s dorm, he’d kissed a few more at term-end parties, but love wasn’t for him. Love wasn’t possible. Attraction was rare; Han never talking to acquaintances about a girl he’d thought was beautiful, never seeing women as anything more than friends. Maybe he had experienced a few one-night stands, but he and whomever was involved had long forgotten about them by now. Sighing, by the sheer thought of Home Ec. and the essays on his future that would go along with the subject, Han walked into Government, sliding into a chair at a larger marble desk than the rest of the classes. The desk was more of a table, having two chairs. “Someone sitting here?” Han heard Leia’s familiar voice beside him as she sunk down into the chair paired beside his. “Yeah, you,” Han smiled, looking over to her. “Let me guess, you’re already past first-year classes, and it hasn’t even been a day?” “Took an aptitude test before I came,” Leia took a notebook from her bag, along with her Government holo-book. “Was worth the money.” “Must be awfully rich where you’re from. Couldn’t afford that test if I sold the Falcon.” “I doubt you’ve seen that hunk of metal before.” “I work on it, seen it every day for the past three years. Number one student in Mechanics. Am I not on your leaderboard?” Han scoffed, taking out his book, too. “The first-year room has a leaderboard. I’m in fourth-year Mechanics,” Leia smirked. “Don’t try to tell me you’re at the top class level, because I know you are.” “A few of the first-years idolize me, for some odd reason. I’m Han Solo, an ex-, well, let’s say ex-smuggler. And I build the best ship for the Empire in my spare time.” “You’re that Han Solo?!” Leia opened her mouth, then quickly covered it with her hand as she began to laugh. “Heard of me?” “You’re in deep shit with the Empire, what makes you think they decided to have you building their ship? You’re practically free labor. Do they pay that wookie you work with?” “Name’s Chewbacca, and, yes. I think they do, at least. Can’t translate what he says when it comes to credits,” Han smiled, laughing with Leia, for a reason he didn’t know. Perhaps it was because he really was in deep shit , or perhaps it was because seeing her laugh made him just that happy. “I don’t think the Empire has anything against me. Of course, I’ve lost some cargo, got a ship-load for bounties on my head.” The bell rang, signaling the beginning of Government as the professor walked into the room. “Remind me to talk with you at dinner tonight, I’ll come to your room.” ____________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Han’s dorm room was more of a suite than a dorm. Located at the very end of the fifth-year hall, a dorm Han had snagged because of his status in Mechanics, his room had a bathroom attached. His room was rather large compared to Leia’s, a king sized bed centered in the middle, a holo-tv and a light with dimming features included. His bathroom was enormous, two sinks, two small closets, and a large shower, three glass walls on the shower, the other just tiles. A desk was in his bedroom, pressed against the same white walls the rest of the school had. White, God was Leia sick of that color already. Even in a suite, it was bland. Han hadn’t dared to put any posters on the wall, most likely too afraid to chip the paint. Leia was there alone, awaiting Han to sneak up dinner. She had insisted to pay, but Han threw her money back to her after she handed it to him. She’d known the man for less than a day, but here she was, lay beneath his bed sheets, which, happened to feel as if they weren’t even sandpaper, just grains of sand on her skin, waiting for him to arrive back to the room. There was nothing romantic between the two of them. Han was just Leia’s friend, one of her first friends in years. Han and Leia were already close when it came to her standards. Telling someone else her name was a big deal, too afraid they’d recognize her allegiance. As both the last Princess of Alderaan and key figure in the rebellion, Leia was too paranoid to let people into her life. Han had already cracked jokes with her, already told her of the Falcon and a few details of his past. He seemed to be an open book, something Leia would never be. She grew up in a political world, becoming an imperial senate at such a young age, by far the youngest senate in the galaxy. Leia knew that the academy was a scam, just getting more people to be brainwashed into becoming stormtrooper. She knew that somewhere in the outer rim held the lone son of Anakin Skywalker, known now as the sith lord Darth Vader. People at the academy worshiped Vader, while Leia had walked away from the girls she had met in second period because of them convincing her to love him. Leia had only heard of one person in the galaxy with the last name of Skywalker, which was, of course, Anakin. Someone in her Astronomy class had a name similar, though. Skyslayer? She could have sworn she heard Skywalker. She gave herself a quick rundown of people she had talked to so far; Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, the girls from second peri- Luke. Luke was the last jedi. “Hope you like Bantha milk,” Han walked into his room, beginning to hand Leia her plate. “Listen, Han. Just take the money for my dinner. I’ll be back here once dinner and Astronomy are over, for now, I have to go somewhere.” Notes: As I sat here typing this, with my Darth Vader/Stormtrooper socks on, holding onto my Wampa stuffed animal that I got today from my Smuggler's Bounty box, I ask myself, "Do I really need to be writing more Star Wars fanfiction?" The answer was, as always, yes. Notes: For everyone reading for TFA characters, they will show up in later chapters. This fic revolves around the original trio of Han, Luke, and Leia, with the occasionally Lando Calrissian.