Bringing Back Hope Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It amazed Rey how quickly her life had changed the past few weeks. It was strange to think that only two weeks ago she was still scavenging amidst wrecked ships for Unkar Plutt. Rey knew she was never going back to that lifestyle, even though it meant giving up on the idea her family coming back. But if the last two weeks had taught her anything it was that you can choose your family. As she brought the Millenium Falcon out of hyperspace she brought herself back to the present task. Ach-To wasn’t a large planet, which made it simple to locate the island on the map. It was amazing to fly the Falcon so freely above the water, more water then Rey knew existed. Chewbacca grunted next to her acknowledging the tall island approaching in the distance. As she looped around looking for a landing place, she hoped and prayed Luke Skywalker would be here. She couldn’t imagine the look of disappointment on the General’s face if she came back without him. She easily landed the Falcon on a small space at the base of the cliffs. She didn’t know what it was but she was being drawn towards the pinnacle of the cliffs, similar to how she felt when she wandered into the basement of Maz’s castle. Rey began the climb up the stairs carved into the stone with a howl of good luck from Chewbacca, who had agreed to watch the ship with R2 despite his excitement at seeing Skywalker again. The task was simple locate Skywalker and bring him back to the base on D’Qar and if the Resistance had already relocated a X-Wing would be sent to escort her to the new system. It took fifth teen minutes for her to reach the top; the entirety of it thinking through what she would say and lightsaber feeling as though it was growing heavier in her bag. The sharp edge slowly gave way to a green plateau overlooking the vast ocean surrounding them. Them being her and the hooded figure with their back to her. It was him… it had to be, her gut insisted so. Despite the time she had she still had no words to say and simply pulled the lightsaber from her satchel and lifted it in offering to the man she thought was only a legend. He turned to face her raising his hands, one of flesh and the other mechanical, to remove his hood. Her brown eyes met the vivid blue of his and neither knew what to do next. They simply stood there Rey’s hand extended with the old lightsaber and him looking at her as though she didn’t truly exist. After a minute, he broke the silence “Where did you find it?” His voice gave her so much hope. This was him, the last Jedi. She had found him. “Maz Kanata’s castle on Takodana in the Middle Rim.” “Did it come with a hand?” Rey was taken aback by the question, his face showing little emotion. She immediately stressed hoping she hadn’t already disappointed him. “Don’t stress, it was a joke. I have never been very good at them, sorry. I usually left humor to Han.” His lips quirked up a bit at the corners. Rey was saddened by the words, “I’m so sorry, I know he was a close friend of yours or so I’ve heard.” “All of our times must come eventually, it’s a shame his came earlier than should’ve been.” Skywalker’s eyes lost a bit of the light in them as he spoke. “You must be tired, let’s not dwell on this just yet. Come I’m sure I have something you can eat.” He began to make his way down the opposite cliff from where she came. Rey followed behind closely with the lightsaber clutched tightly in her hand. They came to a small house, built and carved from the surrounding rocks of the cliffs. Despite the rough look on the outside, the inside was surprisingly cozy. There was fire in the corner with a small pot hanging over it, a simple bed and a few kitchen supplies that looked like they were put together with old ship parts. “It’s not much, but it’s all I’ve needed.” He grabbed a small bowl and filled it with what was in the pot. “Here have something to eat. You can bring some to Chewie after.” “How did you…” She stopped herself after realizing she was talking to a Jedi and not just any Jedi, Luke Skywalker. He probably knew they were coming as they entered the atmosphere. “You seem nervous, why?” He motioned for her to sit at a small table in the corner with him. “Two weeks ago I thought you were a myth, but know here I am and here you are.” She brought the bowl to her lips and took a sip of what tasted like a fish soup. “A myth? Wow,” He chuckled, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes. “You disappear for a decade or two and suddenly you become just a story, not a person.” “With all the things they say you’ve done, it’s hard to believe you really exist.” Rey thought back to over hearing stories about the legendary Luke Skywalker, either as the Rebel pilot or as the last Jedi knight or simply just as the hero who killed the Emperor. “I’m sure they’ve begun to exaggerate things; I’m worried I’m not living up to the stories you’ve heard.” He stood up brought Rey’s now empty bowl to the kitchenette. “I look like a crazy old hermit. Ben would laugh if he saw me now” Rey was taken back him using that name. Did he mean Ben Solo? The man who tried to kill her? The man who killed his own father? “Not him. His name sake. Trust me it’s hard for me to think about that boy let alone say his name aloud. I’m sorry he tried to kill you, but it seems like you have quite the story to tell. Care to start from the beginning?” Rey nodded and started talking about how just twelve days ago she was just a scavenger on Jakku and how she came to become part of the Resistance. He would nod to acknowledge her to keep speaking, but otherwise remained silent during her story. Eventually she got to the end, her arriving here, and she waited in silence for his response. “I’m assuming the General sent you?” Trying to confirm, what he probably already knew. Rey nodded. “Well, great, now I’m required to come back, aren’t I?” “I know I would never want to be on her bad side.” He chuckled at that. “Trust me you never want to be on her bad side.” “So will, you come back?” She stood, hoping that she hadn’t come all this way for nothing. “I will.” Wow, that went easier then Rey expected. She had been shocked when the General sent despite the General’s argument that she was the only one “right” for the job. “We have much to talk about, let me pack.” He didn’t have much and they were ready to head out in thirty minutes. They made very little discussion as they made their way around the island to the Falcon, but once it came into view Luke paused. “Still looks like garbage, I never understood that ship. I love it, but never understood it.” “I never believed the story about the Kestle Run as a kid.” Rey smiled at the ship below her. It had become a sort of home for her as she and Chewie had been doing repairs to make the trip. “Twelve Parsecs. Can’t be possible.” “I wouldn’t doubt it, put the Falcon, Han, and Chewie together and strange things happen.” He was smiling, not just a small quirk of his lips, a full smile. “I remember seeing it for the first time, thought it was a piece of junk, but since then that ship saved my life countless time.” “I had no idea it was the Millenium Falcon. Unkar Plutt just called it garbage and left it there to rust.” Rey thought back to Jakku where she passed it countless times without realizing it was the legendary Millenium Falcon. They continued the slow walk down to the ship in silence, which was immediately broken when Chewie noticed them approaching. He came jogging? What do you call a fast moving wookie besides terrifying? She'd figured that out later, because this was the happiest she had seen Chewie since she met him. Skywalker was smiling as he hugged Chewbacca back. "Chewie! It's great to see you! Haven't ripped off any arms since I left, have you?" Whoops. Chewie howled a quick response. One . "Well, I'm sure he deserved it." Rey thought back to Chewie ripping off Unkar Plutt's arms on Takodana. The reunion was interrupted by R2 speeding out of the Falcon beeping in excitement. Luke dropped to a knee and wrapped his arms around the droid. "R2! You haven't blown up yet. You look younger than me!" Rey stepped to the side and let the three quickly catch up. She'd heard stories about how close pilots could become with their astromechs. She even saw it between Poe and BB-8. Jessika had a pretty close relationship with her astromech but nothing compared to what she witnessed with Poe and especially not with what she was seeing here. R2 and Skywalker were referring to each other as if they were long lost brothers. Rey made her way to the cockpit and began to set up early flight checks. Even though the Falcon was extremely fast the flight to D'Qar would still take two days. She also hoped that they'd make it back before the Resistance's final relocation. They had been in the process of locating and moving to a new base since Starkiller and Leia warned her prior to her departure that it could be any day now. It wouldn't be a huge problem the General also promised to have a pilot or two keep and eye on the area so when they arrived they'd be immediately escorted to the new base. She had been expecting it to take longer than it did, Luke gave no fight on coming back despite Leia's warnings that he might. Rey wondered why, why put so much effort into hiding and then just choose to come back so easily? Her thoughts came to a halt when Chewie entered with R2 and Luke following close behind. "You ready?" She asked turning to face the him, he had taken the seat behind Chewie with no hesitation. She had to quickly remind herself that he probably knew this ship better than her. "It's about time I stopped running from the past." Notes: Future chapters will be longer, once I really get into the plot. Chapter 2 : Hope Returns Notes: Brief Note: For the purpose of the story, no one really knows that Luke and Leia are brother and sister. Only a few people now that and their true parentage. But that will become more clear in the future. Enjoy! Rey spent most of the return trip in peaceful science in the cockpit, only leaving for Chewie to take the night shifts. Which she spent lying silently awake in one of the Falcon’s crew bunks. Luke spent the days catching up with Chewie and was asleep both nights prior to her walking through the central common space. She was only slightly upset at the fact that she hadn’t spoken to him since Ach-To. They were only an hour out from D’Qar and once they were back on base he’d be mobbed by everyone. She hadn’t even had a chance to ask him to train her. She had just been so shocked by him agreeing to return so easily that she had raced away with Ach-To to leave no time for him to change his mind. It bothered her… Why stay gone for so long if only to come back with no fight? She tried to push her thoughts away as she began preparing the Falcon to be pulled out of Hyperspace. “You project your thoughts louder than you think.” Rey spun around to find Luke leaning against the doorway. How had she not heard him approaching? “Years of hiding and running from various people who want to kill me made silence an important skill.” “How did you know I was wondering about it?” She asked as he sat down in the co-pilot seat, looking at home. “Like I said before, you project your thoughts louder than you think you are doing.” He flipped a switch she had been reaching for. “I don’t like seeing what people are thinking but your thoughts were too loud to ignore.” “Has anyone ever told you that you speak in riddles?” Rey continued playing around with the various switches and dials trying to push back all her earlier thoughts in hopes he wouldn’t hear her doubts of him from earlier. “Leia pointed it out as I got older and learned more about the Force. I learned from a Jedi Master who only spoke in riddles, it drove me crazy. It’s only fitting that I picked up the habit.” Rey could feel his gaze land on her, it made her nervous and yet calm and safe at the same time. She had felt different since he came aboard the ship with them, but she kept that to herself mostly due to her inability to explain how it felt and that it had seemed like Luke had been avoiding her since they left Ach-To. “Rey I know you have a lot of questions, about everything. I wish I could answer them right now and put your thoughts to rest, but unfortunately I don’t know just quite how to answer them. When the time comes I promise I’ll tell you everything.” “How would you know the answer to my questions? My family abandoned me, how do you know why? What makes you think your capable of answering that question?” Had she thought about this a few weeks ago, she might have cried, but now it didn’t matter. She didn’t need to know about the family left her behind, she just needed the family that came back for her. “It’s okay to lose hope Rey. Just make sure you find a new hope.” He looked as if he wanted to continue but was interrupted by Chewie’s entrance. “That’s my seat…” He grumbled at Luke, who just chuckled at the wookie and moved to the seat directly behind him. “ Ready to exit hyperspace?” “Go ahead.” Rey nodded at the wookie. He proceeded to pull back multiple switches as Rey switched out of autopilot. The blue lines faded away to the outline of D’Qar. “We should be receiving a message any moment now…” She adjusted the knob on the old com system and radio. A static voice filled the small cockpit, where they had been joined by R2. “This… is… Black Leader to… the Millenium Falcon. Do you read?” Poe was here… the base must have been moved quicker than expected. She quickly picked up the com to respond. “Black Leader this is the Millenium Falcon. By your presence hear can I correctly assume the relocation has already happened.” “Yes ma’am. We should hurry Tie-fighters have been coming through in random patrols for the past few days.” Two X-Wings appeared from the other side. She recognized Poe’s signature black and orange as well as a blue squadron fighter. “Blue Three and I will escort you to base. Is this a secure line?” “Yes and Poe I swear to god if you call me ma’am again.” Rey could hear someone else laughing over the coms. Blue Three, Jess, a pilot Rey only had a brief introduction to during her short time on base post Starkiller. “Okay whatever buddy, I’m directing the coordinates to you now.” Within seconds the old display brought up a map segment leading to a planet called Siskeen. “We’re staying in the Outer Rims, makes them have to cover more space.” “Last I heard Siskeen still held remnants of the old Separatists forces.” She turned around to see Luke leaning forward to take a closer look at the map piece. “Rey, please tell me that’s who I think it is…” The voice had gone quite for the usually overexcited pilot. The two X-Wings had taken place on the Falcon’s left and right flank as they left the D’Qar system. “Yes, Black Leader.” “Holy Kriff” This time the voice that came over the coms wasn’t Poe’s it was Jessika’s. “You’re telling me that for the last few minutes I’ve been flying right next to a ship carrying Luke Skywalker?” “Yes, and he can hear you, ya know?” Rey was slightly shocked at the slightest hint of humor coming out of the Jedi. “Rey, why didn’t you say so before?” It was Poe again, but she could hear a light squeal coming through in the background. Prior to leaving Rey had learned about Jess’s obsession with the old Resistance fighter. Ironically not from her, but from C-3PO, who said when he had first met Pava she didn’t stop questioning him about the Jedi. “You didn’t ask… I just assumed you knew.” Did they think she’d fail at bringing him back? “That was the point of this mission after all.” “We know but…” Poe had to pause a moment to yell at Pava to quit doing spirals. Rey couldn’t see either X-Wing, but from Poe’s yelling it seemed like Jessika couldn’t control herself from letting loose out of excitement. “Sorry about that. Back to what I was saying we just thought since you were gone for such a short time, that you hadn’t found him.” Luke had gone quiet, leaning back in his chair listening to the conversation. He looked almost guilty, but Rey knew that it wasn’t in someone’s nature to feel guilty about something. “No worries Poe. He just happened to come easier than expected.” He gave her a soft smile in response. “The General will be thrilled. I can’t wait to see her face.” It took only three hours to arrive at Siskeen. It was a small planet and Rey could spot the abandoned buildings from previous inhabitants as they entered the atmosphere. By Rey’s standards it was a gorgeous planet, but then again she didn’t have much experience with planets. It was equal parts water and land, with much of the land covered in dense forests save the beaches and small cliffs lining the shores. She could see Poe and Jess begin to pull ahead as they approached one of the coastlines. As they got closer she began to make out hangars nestled amongst the trees, lining a series of landing pads similar to the ones she had seen on D’Qar. She was about to contact Poe when a gargled voice came over the main radio, “Millenium Falcon this is Resistance Base S. Do you copy?” “This is the Falcon, we copy. Seeking permission to land.” Rey loved piloting and a part of that was the simple communications that everyone understood. No doubting the meaning of what someone says. After a few seconds the gargled voice returned, “Permission granted, head for L Pad 9.” Before she could respond Poe commed her, “Rey, it’s good to have you back. Just letting you know now in case you get swamped by crowds once landing.” “Thanks Poe.” She turned off the com as she and Chewie slowly brought the Falcon down on their designated landing pad. Before they touched down and a large crowd had begun to form. Rey didn’t recognize any of them except for occasional faces she had seen across base the few days she had before leaving on this mission. They weren’t there for her, though, they were here for the man standing quietly behind her. She could feel how tense he was and it took her a moment to notice why. General Organa had made her way out of the crowd and was staring expectantly at the ship, but it was hard to tell if she looked pleased or angry. “You can’t hide in this cockpit forever.” Rey laughed at the grinned as she saw the man she thought was a myth cower at the idea of having to confront the General. She slipped past him to the hall way leading out of the cockpit. “Come now, or Chewie is going to push you down there.” Luke groaned as the wookie grunted and nodded in agreement with Rey. R2 had already proceeded to repeatedly run into his legs to get him to move. “Quit it R2, I’m going.” He followed Rey down the small hallway, but paused at the top of boarding ramp. “Go ahead, give me a second.” She gave him a look that clearly said you better not run away again. “Don’t worry I just need a moment, it’s been a very long time.” Rey nodded and her and Chewie moved their way into the sunlight. No one in the crowd said anything to them she could just hear small whispers amongst the pilots and workers. She slowly approached the General, whose gaze was flicking between her and the ship. “He’s here.” Rey had never heard the General’s voice so emotional, going just beyond how she had spoken at Han’s funeral. “He is.” Gasps filled the air from everyone and Rey turned around to see Luke and R2 making their way off the ship. Everyone began to fidget around as he made her way over to her and the General. It felt surreal, what took mere seconds felt like minutes. At some point Jess, Poe, and BB-8 had come to stand by her as the General took a step forward. “How dare you.” It wasn’t a shout, but the amount of sadness and anger put into every syllable was enough to silence everyone. “How could you leave us, leave me, when we needed you most?” They were standing only inches apart, “You know why.” Rey swore his eyes had flicked to her as he spoke those words. No one said anything. They stood in anticipation to see what would happen next. People were shifting from foot to foot as Luke and Leia stood face to face in silence. Rey had heard stories of how close they had been, but she hadn’t realized his return would cause such a reaction from the General Just as people were beginning to get worried Leia threw her arms around Luke. “I’ve missed you.” “I know.” Rey felt like she was witnessing something they shouldn’t have all been there to watch, but as Luke wrapped his arms around Leia, the metal glinting in the sun, the crowd broke into cheers. As the crowd split to let the two through to go catch up in private, Poe grabbed her from behind and pulled her into a hug. “You did it!” She tried to push him off, but to no avail. She and Poe had only known each other for a few days, which they had both spent bonding by Finn’s bedside. “Is he awake?” Poe looked slightly disheartened at the mention of their injured friend. “No, I’ve been spending all my free time with in his room.” Pava smirked at Poe’s comment. “I had to get the General to give him the mission to come intercept you at D’Qar so he’d leave the room for at least a day.” She was smiling as whacked Poe’s shoulder. “Don’t worry though the med droids say he’ll be fine, he just needs time to let the wounds heal.” “Can we go see him?” Rey asked already knowing the answer. Poe’s eyes lit up at the idea, but it was Jessika who responded first, “Of course, but along the way you have to tell me EVERYTHING about Luke Skywalker.” She had grabbed Rey’s arm and was dragging her towards one of the building hidden amongst the trees on the edge of base, with Poe and BB-8 right next to them. At the moment Rey knew that no matter what was coming in the future, the present was pretty good right now. Chapter 3 : The Resistance's Finest Summary: A quick conversation between Jessika and Poe while patrolling for Rey's return. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Poe’s POV Poe knew that the only reason he and Jess, two of the best pilots the Resistance had, we’re being given a simple Pick up mission was because Jess apparently personally asked the General for it. He was being forced to leave Finn’s side despite his promise to Rey to look after him. To say the least he was in a foul mood with Pava. Which explains why he was in the current situation: He and Pava had been in a low orbit of D’Qar for about an hour and Pava had spent the entirety of it trying to get him to talk to her. “Come on Poe!” He was beginning to wish he could turn off his com, but the pilot in him had some control over the annoyed friend part of him. If he turned off his com and a surprise Tie fighter patrol came through it would take thirty seconds to get back in communication with her. While it sounds like a short period, in a dog fight thirty seconds could be the difference between life and death. “I’m sorry I dragged you away from your unconscious boyfriend, but please talk to me I’m bored out of my mind.” “Well, you should of thought about that before asking for this mission.” Poe hated how angry his voice sounded. He wasn’t a mean person, but Finn meant something to him. He didn’t quite know what yet, just that there was something there. He had been heartbroken when he thought he had died on Jakku. It killed him that he couldn’t celebrate their victory over Starkiller Base together “I only did it for you! Everyone’s been worried about you.” Not that excuse again. “Poe you hadn’t flown since the relocation. That’s a whole two days! When was the last time you went two days without flying?” “Easy… when… no wait… what about…” Kriff, she was right. Flying was his thing, even when life threw him a hard one, he always found time to fly. “You’re stuttering silence proves I’m right.” She had dropped her teasing voice and slipped into her sisterly caring voice, oh Kriff. “Poe it’s okay to like him, but don’t let it take over everything you do. Mostly because we really need you. You really are the best pilot we have. Don’t tell anyone I just admitted that to you.” “Maybe you are right. Maybe. Just maybe.” He wasn’t going to hear the end of this. “From you that’s as close as I’m ever going to get to a complimenting.” Poe smiled at her comment. He’d never admit it aloud but Jess really had become one of his closest friends. “Just promise me you won’t overwhelm Finn when he wakes up. I may not be familiar with successful relationships, but I know your overbearing nature can sometimes be intimidating.” “Look at you being mature and acknowledging your lack of a love life.” He could feel her roll her eyes from his cockpit. “And with Finn. Don’t worry, I’m not going to let this one get away. Maybe our love lives are taking a turn for a better.” “Yours not mine.” Jess snorted back at him. But Poe had seen the way she had stared at Rey during Rey’s brief stay at D’Qar. “Don’t doubt yourself so much. I’m sure Rey thinks you’re awesome.” He nearly patted himself on the shoulder for his subtle way of admitting he knew who she liked. “How’d you know that?” Poe had never heard her sound so flustered. Never going to let her forget that. “It was obvious.” He thought back to Jess’s eyes following Rey whenever she passed by them. “Anytime you saw her you blushed.” “Don’t you dare tell anyone Dameron.” Blackmail alert. “Besides I’ve only had one conversation with her. She’s off to find my biggest hero ever and I’m stuck here with you.” “Might I remind you that was your idea not mine.” “Poe, shut up.” “Whatever you say Pava.” Before she could respond something appeared on his monitor on the other side of the planet. It took a second to get a good reading, but the computer's original analysis was correct: The Millenium Falcon was approaching D’Qar. Notes: I am planning for both relationships to take awhile to come together. Jessika and Rey will probably take longer than Finn and Poe if I keep with my current plan. I hope you enjoyed it! Sorry for how short it was. I wrote it as a fluff piece and thought I might as well post it with the story. Notes: Hope you enjoyed that. I'm on tumblr too: justsinglepringle Comments are always appreciated!