Pawn to Queen Pawn to Queen During her training with Master Luke Skywalker, Rey had learned a truth that had altered her perception of good and evil: all things had the capability of drowning in light or sinking into darkness. They also had the ability to float amongst the gray. This final idea was often frowned upon, for those who traveled the path of the gray sometimes believed themselves gods. They held with the perception that their deeds were more just than those committed in the name of the Light, and never as cruel as those done in the name of the Dark. Having been tempted by both the Light and the Dark, Rey had immediately wondered where that had left her. She chose, for fear of succumbing to the Dark, to give herself to the Light—and her training with Skywalker had commenced. One of the tasks she found most daunting had been the construction of her lightsaber. The level of concentration it had taken had drained her. Rey had debated what design to use, which would best suit her on the battlefield. Ultimately she had settled on combining two designs: the double-bladed lightsaber and twin blades. Her double-bladed lightsaber, in a single large piece, was much similar to the staff she had wielded on Jakku. When it was split apart, however, Rey was able to use the lightsabers as the twin blades that they quickly became. She had believed her blades would be identical in color to the blue she had first used. In the end, however, she discovered that both of her blades were white. Luke observed Rey when she first began training with her newly constructed saber. She took the better part of a week to familiarize herself with how it worked, connecting the two blades into a single weapon and then breaking them apart. On the second day, Rey singed her hair. This reduced its length a good two inches when blade she was holding with her left hand arced a little higher than the one in her right more than she had anticipated. Luke had sighed when he had observed this, and Rey had felt her cheeks heating up. The relief that she had not accidentally decapitated herself, however, far outweighed her embarrassment. It was the first time in quite a while that she had felt so clumsy with a weapon. Her mentor did offer her plenty words of advice that Rey took to heart. He corrected her grip on the weapon, which prevented her from making a similar mistake. When the lightsaber Rey had returned to Luke Skywalker met with her white blade, the result was a light blue hue that eclipsed the two combatants. Rey wondered if this would occur with the other blades she would face—namely that of Kylo Ren. When they had fought on Starkiller base, the blue and red blades had caused a purple hue to shine. Rey was curious as to whether the red would simply be lightened, or if it would be altered into a pink. At night, she giggled at the very idea. Among the Stars Across the galaxy, for General Hux, there was nothing worth giggling over. After ensuring that Kylo Ren received treatment for the wounds he had obtained on Starkiller by the hands of the girl , the red-haired man had set about to running the Finalizer as though it were an every day objective to set ones course to Supreme Leader Snoke. He was a bundle of nerves, though this was displayed only in the way he would snap at his subordinates when they fulfilled their tasks at too leisurely a pace. There were times when General Hux wondered if the officers forgot they were taking part in a war. In his spare time—he had no spare time. On the occasions he was not fulfilling his role as General aboard the Finalizer , the man was contacting agents to learn more about this girl who had bested the Supreme Leader’s prized pupil. Snoke’s interest in the girl had only piqued upon learning of her prowess. Having grown with a militaristic and even political background, General Hux knew when to investigate matters further. If he planned on surpassing Snoke in the end, he would need every advantage he could get his hands on. The initial search yielded little more than the fact that she had been a scavenger on Jakku, one of Unkar Plutt’s best. That had told him nothing of her abilities with the Force. His knowledge on the mystical power was limited already; he had never been much interested in the Force aside from learning how to better defeat those who could wield it. Kylo Ren was an irritant enough; he had not thought another such pest would arise. Skywalker would have been the last—had Ren not allowed the droid to escape to the Resistance. And now the girl had likewise fled, this occurring during the destruction of the base he had spent years creating. And though he blamed Kylo Ren for the destruction of Starkiller, General Hux was aware that the Resistance—namely the traitor of a stormtrooper and the scavenger girl he was investigating—were equally at fault. The battle that had been waged between Ren and the girl had only sped the destruction of the planet; it was because of this, too, that the redhead knew better than to underestimate the power of the Force—of the girl. Yet the more he dug into her past on Jakku, the more resigned he became to the fact that no one, not even the girl herself, had seemed to know of her powers before she had come into contact with Kylo Ren. And so Hux found himself resenting the Supreme Leader’s star pupil all the more. Cycles Later During her training with Master Skywalker, Rey had been plagued by dreams and nightmares both. Jedi were said to not experience nightmares, which had unnerved the young woman—that was how she viewed herself, though she had been forced to endure others referring to her as girl …as though she were some child . Naïve though she was in the way of certain aspects of life, Rey had endured and survived on a planet more harsh than others would ever be forced to face. The trials she had managed to overcome had only highlighted these facts. Her nightmares were the horrors she had faced come back to haunt her. The death of Han Solo, which had so shaken her…and tempted her to give into the Darkness. That was her nightmare, giving into the Dark Side of the Force and becoming a monster. One that preyed upon the weak, that took whatever it wanted—much as Kylo Ren had told her he could do. Her dreams were of the Light side of the Force. The way it surrounded those she cared for, such as Finn. She prayed each night that it would aid him in his recovery while she was away. When her training had ended, Rey found that she hardly dreamed at night. There were no nightmares either. Just silence. She attributed this to the peace that meditation had brought her. Still, she found that she quite missed the dreams. Even if, in the eyes of the Jedi generations before she had been born, they would have been viewed as temptations , as selfishness . Rey left Ahch-To more in-tune with the Force than when she had arrived. Luke Skywalker was with her, the two arriving at the Resistance Base together. The Skywalker siblings were reunited, and while they spoke to one another, Rey had sought out Finn. His injuries had indeed healed, which had allowed him to leave the planet to assist in the fight against the First Order. Rey wasted no time leaving; she grabbed a readied ship without asking for permission and set her sights on his location. It was the first time since her training that she experienced battle. The ease with which she dispatched the stormtroopers and officers of the First Order did not bring her confidence. She could feel their deaths now, those small ripples and fluctuations in the Force. She was pleased that the Dark side was losing strength, yet still mourned the fact that people had to die at all. But life was harsh—a lesson she had first learned in childhood—and so she did not flinch nor lose any time in that mourning. It was more of a passing thought. Finn had paused upon seeing her, the man doing a double-take when he realized exactly who it was that was fighting beside him. “Rey?” She had smiled then, enjoying the way he said her name. The familiarity in it. He had been one of the first people in her life she had allowed herself to trust. “Yes,” she had replied, nodding. She did not fault him for having not originally recognized her. Her outfit was slightly different, and her hair was shorter; the three buns had been lost, and she had only a portion of her shoulder-length hair tied back. “Finn… I’m glad to see you.” His face had broke out with a wide grin, and together they had finished the remainder of the First Order troops. At the Foot of the Throne General Hux kept his arms crossed behind his back and his head tilted so that he could peer up at Supreme Leader. Snoke was not quite as large as his hologram had made him appear, and yet he was a few inches taller than the red and dark haired men that were present. Kylo Ren stood beside Hux with his hands at his sides, hands curled into fists. The thorn in Hux’s side had proven himself useful after completing his training; General Hux was not foolish enough to deny this fact. On the contrary: he was seeking a means to use this to his advantage. Snoke hardly spared the pair a glance as he released a hum of thought, half turning away. His attention had drifted towards the ceiling. He lowered himself into his thrown, which prompted General Hux to bite the inside of his cheek to keep back his sneer. They were dismissed with a simple wave. Both men turned on their heels and walked at an even pace, exiting the room. The moment the door closed behind them, General Hux turned his head and examined the Force user’s face. He had left his mask in his quarters; the new helmet was of a more interesting design in Hux’s opinion. “Her power is still growing.” A dry chuckle emerged from Kylo Ren. Those brown orbs met the stare Hux was giving Ren head-on. “You speak as though this fact is my doing.” “You helped to awaken her powers—you cannot deny this, Ren.” There was a pause in which the Master of the Knights of Ren pressed his lips tightly together. “True.” “You underestimated her.” General Hux waited a fraction of a minute, allowing the other time to protest—he, rightly, did not. “That is a mistake that cannot be repeated. I want her destroyed, Ren.” “I will follow the orders of Supreme Leader.” A sardonic smirk crossed the man’s features. “Careful, General, that your personal interests not interfere with orders from Leader Snoke.” Again did the redhead find himself fighting off a sneer. In the Heat of Battle It had not taken Rey to realize that she had become a prime target—moreso, even, than Luke Skywalker. This had been emphasized when her ship had been targeted in favor of the one that held her mentor. She had managed to land before the shuttle had been rendered inoperative, and had since been fighting through the soldiers of the First Order on this planet. Her eyes darted towards the sky, seeking out her allies. They flew overhead, attacking the TIE fighters and what ground units they could. Rey used one of her blades to deflect a blast, the second cutting through the enemy nearest her. The one thing that kept her calm was that she could not sense Kylo Ren; the other Force user was, thankfully, not on the battlefield, nor in the sky. He had always been the one person to seemingly target her specifically. The rest attacked without bias, aiming to kill her solely because she was their enemy. While they did appear to be aware of her abilities with the Force—more cautious, group-oriented attacks—they never toyed with her as Ren did. Sensing animosity from behind her, Rey whipped around, bringing both her blades with her. They slammed against the material of the man’s blaster—not cutting through the shell that surrounded it. Armor that was able to withstand the plasma blades. Rey knit her brow, gritting her teeth and flicking her gaze to her opponent’s face. The blue-eyed male was sneering at her. From underneath his hat she could see strands of his red hair. Her gaze darted to his shoulder. General. What is a general doing on the battlefield!? Rey dropped to her knees as the man squeezed the trigger. The shot rang over her head, blasting the person who had been nearest. She could not recall if this had been an ally or enemy. All she knew was that she was facing someone merciless —and she was hardly able to roll out of the way of the knee that came towards her face. Chapter 2 : Shattered Board Shattered Board There was, perhaps, a few seconds between the first shot and the second; however, to Rey, it felt as though there had been no time at all. She found herself rolling, leaping to her feet, and then lunging for the man. Her lightsabers were before her face, angled so that any shot would be deflected. The man must have worked closely with Kylo Ren, she noted; for he did not fire there. Instead he aimed the nozzle towards her feet. Rey shoved forward her right hand, using the Force to thrust the general further from her. He growled audibly, scrambling to recover his footing. Rey did not need the Force to tell her that this man was one of the most dangerous individuals she had ever met; and yet her connection with it proved to amplify these sentiments. That he was not Force sensitive was only a small mercy. She linked together her blades, forming the staff, and repositioned her feet to fend him off when he came rushing. Her gaze was glued to the blaster. What sort of material was it that rendered the weapon impenetrable by her blades? Across from her, drawing closer, General Hux was entertaining no such thoughts or questions. He was set in his mind to kill this girl. All the troubles she had caused him were at the forefront of his memory. Yet never had he seen her in person. The redhead admitted to himself that it was plainly evident why Kylo Ren had underestimated her. Despite the visibly muscles in her arms, there was something almost soft about her face when she was not preparing an attack or else defending against one. Young. To Hux, it was akin to an unmasked Kylo Ren. Their faces betrayed them. Too expressive —not that he could claim that his own inner thoughts were not often able to distort his facial features. He paused in his steps, causing Rey’s eyes to grow wide. Her bottom lip twitched. Threatening to form a question, perhaps? This girl had been raised on Jakku, and General Hux was well aware that this had turned her into a rather adept fighter. And though he could fight as well, he would be at a disadvantage. She was more prepared for an assault than someone who could run quick calculations in his head. This prompted Hux to smirk, and in response her brow furrowed. Again did her expression betray her; the sudden onset of trembling in her hands about her weapon furthered the notion that he completely unnerved her. It seemed, the general reasoned, that she was more familiar with aggressors than tacticians. Rey inhaled whilst taking a step to the left. Her eyes swept along the man; her mind took into consideration the placement of his feet and the manner in which he was assessing her. She then dropped her gaze down to the gun. Once more did she marvel of the fact that her blade could not penetrate it. She would need to go for his flesh then. Aware that he would not do so, Rey moved to close the distance. When her opponent raised his weapon, Rey called upon the Force to send the blast in an arc away from herself. He smirked in response to this. Rey gnashed her teeth. She was growing tired of his calm demeanor—in this, he was worse than Kylo Ren. The male Force user had openly displayed his anger and agitation. This man, in contrast, had assumed a mask. What was worse, he was toying with her. Rey ignored the sounds from overhead. Her opponent failed to do so, the man glancing up. She took this moment to again lunge for him. The edge of her blade hit the side of the armored weapon. Rey executed a spin, aiming to catch the redhead in the back with her second blade. He threw up his arm, elbowing the edge of his weapon whilst also dropping to a knee. The white blade hit upon the opposite end of the blaster. Grinding her teeth, she swung her leg and caught him in the shoulder with the toes of her boot. General Hux was jarred forward in unison to the second wave of First Order TIEs taking out the first of the Resistance shuttles. His leg shot out, kicking her other foot out from under her. Rey managed to not fall by allowing her body to achieve an awkward angle. His hand went for her throat. Rey slammed down the lightsaber between them. Smoke flared up, the singed material of the general’s glove producing a strong odor. No, Rey realized, her heart feeling as though it skipped a beat. That smell was his flesh . This revelation game too late; that he had been using it distract her, allowing his limb to sustain injury in order to blind her to the fact that he was angling his blaster. A second longer and the shot would have caught her in full. As it was, Rey cried out in pain as her side was ripped through. Collapsing, she shoved her weapon further against his hand. Now his shout of pain echoed with hers. They each thrust themselves away from one another. Rey scrambled backwards, shuffling backwards with her feet and one hand while the other limb held tight onto her weapon. General Hux used only his legs to propel himself away from the woman. In the background, a fresh barrage of blasts sounded. TIEs screamed overheard. Shouts from other combatants rang through. And the Resistance ships swooped to avoid getting hit before returning fire. Rey placed her hand on the wound, her jaw dropping as a fresh wave of pain ran through her. Opposite her, General Hux was getting to his feet. His wound was cauterized. Hers meanwhile… She looked down and saw the blood bubbling forth. But she was a fighter! Rey brought the edge of one of her plasma blades to her wound. Screams tore from her throat, and the sight of what she was doing caused the man pause. General Hux’s eyes raked over her, marveling over her tenacity. Adrenaline spiked, and Rey pushed herself to her feet. All at once she knew how it was that Kylo Ren had continued to battle her on the destructing Starkiller Base despite the bowcaster wound in his side. The pain was fueling her. As on Starkiller, she could hear the whisper. Kill. Last time, it had urged her to destroy Kylo Ren. Now it was amplifying her urge and need to snuff out the life force of this man, her current opponent. I’ll not kill him out of anger, she told herself. It is because he is my enemy…because he will destroy everything if I do not. She would not— could not—give into the Dark side. And yet, despite what she demanded of herself, Rey could not deny that the Dark side was fueling her power when she managed to thrust her opponent back several feet with a quick wave of her hand. General Hux swore aloud when he hit the ground. He cursed the Force and those able to wield its power. They were an inconvenience he would destroy once he became emperor. This girl would be the first to— His train of thought ended on that note, interrupted by a blast from either the TIEs or else a Resistance ship that caused the ground to rock more than previous shots had done. The rumbling did not cease. It instead seemed to grow, the vibrations in the ground spreading. General Hux adjusted his grip on his blaster, and this time when he began to move it was in the direction opposite the girl. Rey observed the man’s retreat, and it struck her what the vibrations meant. It would not be as dramatic as Starkiller; the entire planet was not in jeopardy. But the landmass they were on would not survive. Rey deactivated her sabers, holstering them as she set off running as well. Not for her ship—that was inoperable. Anything near though; and with a working comm. unit so that she could inform the Resistance pilots—the last thing she wanted was for them to shoot her down. All around, ground units were firing final shots while also heading for their respective shuttles. Rey swept her gaze along them all. She growled when she caught sight of the general again. He could not be allowed to get away. She set off after him, pumping her arms and legs so as to close the distance between them. He was too much of a threat to the Resistance. This is…General Hux! Her mind supplied the name from a barrage of memories that soon presented themselves. Those in the Resistance had spoken of the man she now pursued. The one behind Starkiller base, the destruction of the Hosnian system. This realization spurred her on. Suddenly she was running all the more quickly. General Hux caught sight of her in the corner of his vision. That blasted girl! He sloppily aimed over his shoulder, firing off a shot without so much as looking her way. The sounds of pursuit continued, and thus he knew that his blast had missed. The redhead swerved around, planting his feet firmly so that he could better direct a blast at her. The girl did not stop running. She activated her sabers as his finger pulled back the trigger. His well-directed shots were batted elsewhere. All the while, the rumbling of the ground continued. Suicidal harlot, he growled in his head. His blaster went flying out of his hands, the girl having used the Force. General Hux’s eyes followed after the weapon. Her speed was waning. The wound in her side, though cauterized by her own blades, was taking its toll. “You would throw your life away?” he drawled when she was within hearing range. She stared at him with bared teeth, looking rather ferocious. General Hux reached into his coat, withdrawing a pistol. When she attempted to stop short in order to avoid the shot, the girl slipped backwards on the ground. He would not waste the time nor a blast. General Hux turned and began his retreat anew. The nearest shuttle would be his. The rumbling of the ground spoke volumes; the sounds of crashing even louder. The land shifted under his feet as he sped forward. He shot up the ramp of the shuttle and threw himself into the pilot’s seat. As his finger grazed the button to close the shuttle, he heard someone else joining him. No sounds of weapons being drawn, nothing. An officer. Yet when he pushed the button and the body slumped in the co-pilot’s chair, he saw that it was otherwise. She was trembling, her lips quivering and sweat gathered on her brow. The girl held her weapon in his direction without activating it. A precautionary action, General Hux thought. His eyes were on her wound, which she had partly covered with her free hand. He was not entirely certain which of them was the hostage in this case. It was not the time to discover that just yet. He fired up the shuttle, rolling his eyes when the girl saw it fit to shout at him when he hit the wrong switch. “Quiet.” Rey scowled at the command, however decided to obey for the time being. She needed to focus all of her energy on the Force. She had learned from Master Skywalker about the theory of healing oneself with the Force. Never before had she even attempted it. The shuttle lifted off the ground as more of the land split, breaking off into the water. Rey stared out the windshield at the chaos and destruction. She hadn’t had any more time to find a different shuttle. Even if she had, the young woman doubted she would have sought it out. She needed to stick with this man. To prevent him from harming more in the Resistance. That was why she had joined the fight—to stop men like this General Hux. The land disappeared, breaking apart and collapsing into the waters…and growing smaller as the ship ascended into space. Notes: @starshine-galaxy on tumblr helped a LOT, so this fic is definitely for her (as well as other Reyux shippers, of course) Rey's outfit design can be seen: http://elmiredolores.tumblr.com/post/156286993816/starshine-galaxy-light-rey-outfit-design-for