Armitage Alexis Hux is not a morning person. For all of his calculated efficiency and dogged determination, Hux would rather stab his own eyes out than wake up before 9 am. He's always done his best work at night, blanketed in darkness and solitude, protected from the outside world by the still barrier of sleep. But ghost hunters keep odd hours, and Hux silently curses his chosen profession when his phone shakes him awake at 7 am. He curses his past self for having the foresight to set an alarm as he fumbles the device until it stops. The RV is awash in the gentle blue glow of early morning sifted through closed blinds, and it's enough to see Kylo's silhouette still slumbering peacefully in his own bed. Dick. But Hux can't hate him too much. As soon as they got back to the university, Kylo disappeared to do some "emergency training" with Dr. Snoke, and when he met back up with Hux and Phasma before they left, he seemed incredibly exhausted. They'd had to drive through the night to reach the site, and even though Kylo offered to drive partway, Hux took one look at his slumped shoulders and under-eye circles and declined for his own safety. Of course, that meant Hux drove the entire way to New Hampshire on his own, Phasma following behind in the car. They arrived around 4 am and then had to take the time to settle the Finalizer into a spot on the campground conveniently adjacent to the site, giving Hux less than three hours of sleep before he had to wake up to meet their contact. Hux can only imagine that Phasma is tired as well, but a glance at the bunk above his bed reveals that she's not there. Probably out hiking or something horrible. She was inordinately excited to learn their next assignment was in the mountains. With a bone-deep sigh, Hux stumbles half-blind into the bathroom, snagging the shirt he dropped the night before and tugging it over his head. He shuts the door and flicks the light on, glaring blearily at his own reflection. Pale skin. Unkempt orange hair. At least the freckles that had popped up during their brief time in South Carolina had faded in the two weeks he'd spent sequestered at Arkanis University. Even though Hux suspects the long rest was more of a punishment for breaking their equipment than a break given out of the goodness of Dr. Snoke's heart, it had admittedly been nice to be home for a while. He keeps an apartment near the campus but rarely actually lives in it. Mostly it serves as a home for his cat, Millicent, and he'd enjoyed spending time with her. Dopheld Mitaka, the undergrad he'd bullied into looking after her, seemed nearly as happy to see him as she was. Millicent really only likes two people, and neither of them are Dopheld Mitaka. But Hux constantly aches to be working, so when their humiliating time-out was up and Snoke tossed a case file across his desk, Hux was relieved. Until he read the file. Now he's just annoyed. Hux rubs his eyes vigorously and internally curses Dr. Snoke and his smug bald face. He understands that they're walking on thin ice after destroying the equipment on their last assignment, not to mention indirectly causing a house to collapse, but this is honestly insulting. A shout from outside the bathroom startles him out of his brooding. "What?" he calls back. "Have you seen my blue shirt?" Kylo's voice yells from somewhere in the RV. Hux blinks. "Why would I know where your clothes are, Kylo?" "I left it out last night and now I can't find it!" "Well, I don't see how that's--" Hux cuts off as he catches sight of his reflection again. The shirt he blindly grabbed and threw on in the scant dawn light as he stumbled his way into the bathroom is blue, far too big on him, and definitely not his. He nearly dislocates his shoulder in his haste to pull it off. "Hux?" Cracking the bathroom door just wide enough to stick his arm out, Hux throws the balled-up shirt blindly into The Finalizer's sleeping cabin, slightly gratified by the following cottony whump and Kylo's muffled cursing. At least he hit him. "What the hell?" "You must have left it in here," Hux says, shutting the door firmly once more. "You didn't have to throw it at me!" Hux resolutely ignores Kylo's indignant shout in favor of resolutely ignoring the flush he can see spreading across his face. And, despite how exhausted he is, he even summons the energy to resolutely ignore how suddenly the whole bathroom smells of nothing but Kylo. Armitage Alexis Hux is really not a morning person. --- Like most things with sordid histories, the Ainsley House of Crescent Brook, New Hampshire is a popular tourist destination. It began life in the early 1900s as the home of the Ainsley family, built from the ground up by Joseph Ainsley, the family patriarch. He lived there, about half a mile outside of the town proper, with his wife, Anna, and their six children, as well as Mrs. Ainsley's brother, Charles, every fall. They were, by all accounts, a very happy family and well-liked by the townspeople. Mr. Ainsley ran a carpentry business out of his home and Mrs. Ainsley worked at a small bakery in the town. The children were all sweet and well-behaved, and their uncle was apparently a jovial man who doted on his sister's children like they were his own. Everything seemed completely normal, and, aside from a couple of strange deaths in the town a few month before, there was no indication that something horrific was about to happen. What the townspeople didn't know about pleasant Mr. Ainsley was that he suffered from severe schizophrenia. Without the medical knowledge in place to diagnose and medicate him accordingly, Joseph Ainsley endured terrible auditory and visual hallucinations. Diary entries found after the incident spoke of long, dark shadows whispering in his ear, urging him to do horrible things. Unable to bear it much longer, Mr. Ainsley murdered a few townspeople in an attempt to placate his psychosis, but it didn't help. The voices wanted more. So, on the morning of October 14, 1910, Joseph Ainsley knocked his brother-in-law out with a hammer, tied him to a chair in the backyard, and shot him in front of the rest of his family. Then he hit Anna over the head, tied her up in the living room, and murdered the children one by one with a carving knife from the kitchen. The eldest daughter was stabbed once in the arm while running away and thrown out a second story window by her father, who clearly thought the fall had killed her, because she was able to drag herself away from the house and get to town for help. By the time the police arrived, Joseph Ainsley, covered in blood, still clutching the knife, was sitting on the couch in the living room, cradling his wife's dead body and muttering. When he saw the police, he started laughing. And he kept laughing as he raised the knife and slit his own throat, the sound morphing into a wet, rasping gurgle-- "--that some say you can still hear, if you listen hard enough." The tour guide pauses theatrically, as though she's listening for the echoing mirth of a dying man. Hux rolls his eyes. "The police searched the house," the tour guide continues, tossing her long, multi-colored hair behind her, "and found the bodies of the five children. The youngest son was found curled up in the attic, as though he'd been trying to hide from his murderous father." The tour group mutters and shifts like a flock of restless birds and Hux clenches his fists to keep from screaming. Beside him, Phasma is absolutely beaming, drinking in every dramatic word the tour guide utters with a countenance of perverse glee. "You're actually enjoying this tripe?" Hux hisses as the group sweeps them along to the living room. "Um, of course," Phasma whispers back. "This is grade-A capitalist American gothic, Hux." She peers at a framed picture on the wall. Despite the slightly dusty glass, Hux can make out a black-and-white photo of a chair sitting in the grass. The card beneath it reads The chair where Charles Beck was found shot to death . "Eight people died horrific deaths to make this place famous, five of them children, and white middle-class families see it as a perfect day trip for the kids. The irony is palpable." Hux can't argue with her, especially as he watches two young boys chase each other down a hallway, right past a white painted outline that he knows is labeled: William Ainsley, age 7. Nevertheless, he turns to Kylo, who's been at his hip practically since the moment they stepped into the house, expecting back-up, but Kylo's attention is clearly elsewhere. Hux follows his line of sight to the ornate velvet couch dominating the center of the living room. At first glance, there doesn't seem to be anything odd about it, but Kylo's face is furrowed, his gaze distant. Before Hux can ask what's wrong, the tour guide (who introduced herself as Crystal or Harmony or something) begins speaking again, flourishing one hand toward the couch. "And here is where they found Joseph Ainsley, and where he died, choking on his own blood, cradling his dead wife, whom he had strangled to death with his bare hands." She casts a meaningful look at the group. "Joseph Ainsley killed everyone in the house with a carving knife, except Anna. No one knows for sure why, but Anna's restless spirit has been known to leave visitors with a necklace of bruises, just like hers." Hux shakes his head. "They're just making stuff up now," he mumbles. The stories surrounding the Ainsley House have made it a popular stop on any Haunted America road trip, but according to Hux's research, that's all they are--stories. Despite multiple investigations by reputable paranormal teams, there is no evidence of genuine paranormal activity in the Ainsley House. It's all sensation to keep the tourists coming in. Hardly worth a second of their time. Yet here they are. "They have to." Kylo's low voice in his ear is unexpected and Hux starts slightly, suddenly very aware of Kylo's solid warmth directly behind him. "It's the only thing keeping this place running." Hux scoffs. "It's embarrassing. And childish." "Some would say that hunting ghosts is embarrassing and childish." "Ha ha." Hux jabs his elbow back sharply into Kylo's ribs, satisfied by the pained huff that follows. "If there weren't children around, I'd let you know exactly what I think of that opinion." "Oh, I have faith that you can do it anyway." Kylo's voice is teasing, and Hux is in half a mind to turn around and prove him right, but Crystal or Harmony or something is loudly and mercifully bringing the tour to a close. "I hope you enjoyed the grisly tale of the ill-fated Ainsley family," she says solemnly, gesturing toward a room that used to be a receiving room but now houses a small gift shop. "I hope you'll take the time to visit our gift shop, but keep your eyes peeled for wandering spirits." With one more wide-eyed look, she leaves and the group begins to dissolve, much to Hux's relief. "Thank god that's over," Hux groans, trailing behind Phasma as she bounces into the gift shop. "This is such a waste of time. Right?" He glances at Kylo, only to find him once again staring blankly at the living room. "Kylo." "Huh?" Kylo says eloquently, swiveling to focus on Hux. "There's nothing here, right? Your ghost sensors aren't going off, are they?" "They're not ghost sensors , Christ, I'm not Spiderman." "Don't be deliberately obtuse, just answer the question." Kylo sighs, like he's the long-suffering one. "No," he says begrudgingly. "I can't feel anything here." Hux regards him critically. Perhaps his distracted behavior is just Kylo being Kylo. He almost asks about it, but just then Phasma calls his name and he turns to her, dismissing the small inkling of concern. "Hux!" She waves two objects at him. "What do you think: should I get the carving knife earrings or the carving knife paperweight?" "Are you fucking kidding me?" "Yeah, you're right. Who uses paperweights anymore?" Hux raises a hand to his temple as she prances over to the register. Maybe if he presses hard enough, he can force the headache back into his skull. Kylo chuckles and Hux shoots him a glare. "I'm so glad you're enjoying this," he snaps. "Well, you know what they say about lemons and lemonade." "That I hate both of them?" Kylo frowns at him. "You hate lemonade?" "Hux hates everything," Phasma says, sliding up beside them, a small waxy paper bag in one hand. "Are you surprised?" Kylo tilts his head in an I guess you're right gesture and Hux scowls, crossing his arms. "Anyway," Phasma continues, "Kylo's right. Even if this assignment is a joke, we can't leave, so we may as well enjoy ourselves. Just think of it as a vacation." "I hate vacations." Kylo huffs out a laugh and Hux raises an eyebrow at him. "What?" "You're such a cliché, Hux," Kylo grins. Before Hux can put his fist through Kylo's nose, Frederick Keller, the house's current owner, bustles up to them, smiling expectantly. "So?" He entreats, glancing around the group with shining eyes. "What do you think?" Hux schools his face into an approximation of his usual cool professionalism. "The house's history is intriguing, Mr. Keller." It's a safe, vague answer, but Keller seems pleased nonetheless. "Yes, yes, it's quite gruesome," he says cheerfully. "We haven't had a paranormal investigation group here in several years, so this is very exciting. We're very glad to have you." "We're glad to be here," Hux forces out. Phasma bites her lip and Hux cuts her a warning look. "We'd like to begin as soon as possible. When can we start setting up?" "Well, the house is open for tours until five, so you'll probably want to wait until then." Hux grits his teeth. It's barely noon now, which means they have to wait five hours to even get this ridiculous charade started. "Okay," he says evenly. "Would you happen to have a map or blueprint of the building?" "Oh, yes! I've got a map in my office. Let me go grab it." Keller hurries off. Hux puts his hands over his eyes. "I'm going to die." "Oh, relax ." Phasma slings an arm around his shoulders. "It's one job. You'll be fine." Hux smoothes his hands back through his hair before letting them drop to his sides. "It's humiliating." "Maybe Dr. Snoke just wants to give us some time to cool off. Like a break." Rolling his eyes, Hux glances at Kylo, but finds him once again staring through the doorway into the living room. "Maybe." "Hey," Phasma says, jostling Hux slightly in her grip. "Since we've got a few hours, why don't we go into town? I've gotta eat soon anyway." Hux grimaces. "I've got paperwork to--" "Awesome, we'll get a bite, do some sight-seeing , and just chill." Phasma shakes him again, releasing him as Keller hustles up to them again. Hux swallows a sigh. --- "Man, this town really likes the Ainsley House," Kylo marvels, peering through the car window as they pass yet another 'Official Ainsley House Gift Shop.' Hux hums in slightly befuddled agreement, staring in disbelief at a building called Ainsley Knives and Kitchenware . "It's...excessive." "Well, when you consider that the Ainsley House probably brings in most of the town's revenue, it's not that weird," Phasma contends, turning on to a side street. Hux wrinkles his nose at a billboard dripping in red paint and wishing visitors a 'bloody good time.' "It's creepy." "You're right about that." Phasma casts him a wide grin. "Anyway, I think I saw a diner around here when we drove through last night." Hux groans and Kylo echoes him from the back seat. "Phasma, I'm pretty sure I got athlete's foot at the last 'diner' you took us to." "Think I got listeria at that place in Virginia," Kylo grumbles. Phasma glances at them both with disgust in her eyes. "You guys are weak." Hux and Kylo's protests are all for naught, however, because Phasma pulls into the parking lot of a greasy-looking diner anyway. She shifts into park and a dull thunk sounds through the car. Hux furrows his brows. "What was that?" "Oh yeah," Phasma says, unconcerned as she unbuckles her seatbelt. "The car started doing that again last night." "What? Seriously?" Hus stares at the dashboard in dismay. "This car is only two years old, it shouldn't keep doing this." "Doing what?" Kylo sits forward, arms braced on the front seats. "Making that--" Hux gestures vaguely, frowning, "--sound. It started doing this last year too and the guy charged us four hundred dollars to fix it. Said it was the belt or something." Hux rubs his forehead, feeling the unfortunate beginnings of a migraine creeping across his temples. "This is just. Excellent. Exactly what I need." "I could take a look at it if you want," Kylo says casually. Hux looks at him, eyebrow raised. "Really?" "Sure. You got a jack? Sounds like it could be a u-joint." "Yes, we have a--wait--" Hux frowns as he processes this new information. "You can fix cars?" Kylo smirks at him, eyes glittering. "I own a motorcycle." "Yes, but that's different. I just assumed that was one of your things ." Kylo tilts his head, mouth quirked up on one side. "One of my things ?" Hux can feel his cheeks growing warm as he searches for the right words. "I mean--just--like the long hair and the sullen personality, all of that. I assumed it was only natural for you to have a motorcycle." Kylo looks far too pleased for Hux's liking. "That's an interesting conclusion, Hux." "You know what?" Hux snaps, ears burning and face surely an embarrassing shade of crimson by now. "Shut up." "Both of you shut up," Phasma groans from outside the car, stooping over to glare at both of them. Hux didn't even notice her getting out. "And come on . I'm hungry." The diner is just as greasy and disgusting on the inside as it is on the outside. A thin film of grime seems to cover the whole place, from the plastic tabletops to the defunct jukebox festering in the corner. Phasma is in heaven. They slide into a red nylon corner booth, Hux taking care not to get caught on the splits in the material where he can see stuffing leaking out. Kylo settles in beside him, slouching slightly, unending legs sprawled carelessly under the table. They're not touching, but Kylo's thigh is so close to his that Hux swears he can feel the heat bleeding through his pants and soaking into his skin. He ignores it and focuses on unpacking his messenger bag. A curvaceous dark-skinned waitress sways over to their table and Hux watches as Phasma visibly straightens from her easy lounge, covertly sweeping her short hair out of her face, and he rolls his eyes. Hux orders coffee and eggs with a side of turkey bacon, dutifully abstaining from the pancake platter out of concern for the quality of the ingredients in this establishment. He half-listens as Kylo orders something called a "lumberjack special" and Phasma requests pancakes, eggs, and bacon. Hux catches her squinting at him before turning to the waitress to adjust her order. The waitress, whose nametag reads Desta , leaves with a wink and Hux opens his laptop. "Hux, what the fuck are you doing?" Phasma asks. "Work." "You did that already. I was there." "Snoke gave me more," Hux mumbles, typing diligently. He had been surprised when Dr. Snoke informed him that the grant committee needed more materials, but there's nothing he can do about it. Maintaining this grant is practically a full-time job. Each time Hux thinks he's done, Snoke slaps him with more requirements. "Did you see Millicent while we were home?" Phasma says, drumming her fingers on the table. "Yes, she's fine, if a bit grumpy." Phasma snorts. "When is she not grumpy." Kylo sits up slightly. "Who's Millicent?" "My cat," Hux replies distractedly. "You have a cat?" Kylo sounds surprised and Hux stops typing long enough to glare at him. "Yes, why?" Kylo grins, shaking his head. "No reason. I guess it's just one of your things ." Before Hux can kick him under the table, the waitress arrives with their drinks. Hux tunes the other two out and focuses on his laptop screen, occasionally sifting through the stack of paper beside him or taking a sip of coffee. He keeps meticulous records of their investigations, so it's easy to find what he's looking for, but the whole process is tedious and complicated. Hux has always had a certain perverse fondness for paperwork and note-taking, but even he's getting sick of this. Kylo nudges him when their food arrives and he closes the laptop with a sigh, sliding it aside and pulling his plate closer. "When is that stuff due, anyway?" Phasma asks around a mouthful of bacon while Kylo attacks his food with violent enthusiasm. Hux shrugs, prodding his eggs with his fork. "I'm not sure. I usually just send it all to Snoke when I'm finished and he takes care of it." Phasma frowns, swallowing. "That's kind of weird." She pours strawberry syrup all over one of her two plates of pancakes. "I think the grant requires constant proof of concept or something." Hux sets his fork down and picks up his coffee. The eggs don't seem very appetizing anymore. "It's a lot of money, and it's not like there are many like it out there." Phasma hums thoughtfully before silently pushing a stack of pancakes across the table with one finger. Hux rolls his eyes but doesn't have the energy or the desire to refuse. When they've finished their food and the waitress comes back to collect their dishes, Hux asks for a refill on his coffee, opening his laptop once more. "I'll be right back," Phasma mutters, eyes fixed on the waitress's retreating figure, before sliding out of the booth. Hux barely spares her a glance, used to her constant flirting, but Kylo watches her go with some small degree of amazement. "Every single time," he mutters. "I'm surprised you're not used to it by now." Kylo shakes his head, and when Hux glances at him from the corner of his eye he can see a small smile on Kylo's face. Hux takes a deep breath, staring intently at his computer screen. "So, Kylo," he begins conversationally. Kylo turns his body to face him, leaning one arm on the table. "What did you do with Dr. Snoke while we were home? I barely saw you." At the mention of Dr. Snoke, Kylo seems to buckle slightly, hunching in on himself and slumping over the table. "Nothing," he mutters. "Just training." Hux is not completely unsympathetic, and it's clear the Kylo doesn't want to talk about it, but his curiosity gets hold of his tongue before he can do anything to stop it. "What exactly does training entail for a medium?" he asks. Kylo snorts. "Wouldn't you like to know." "I would. That's why I asked." "Thought you didn't believe in this--" Kylo waves a hand vaguely around his own head, "--stuff." Hux blows out a breath, fingers flexing over his keyboard. "As loathe as I am to admit it, I have found my initial misgivings about the existence of your--" he pauses, casting about for the right word, "-- abilities to be incorrect. I believe I have expressed that to you already." Kylo shrugs. "I never heard an apology." "I'm not going to--" Hux takes a deep breath, turning his head to face Kylo. "I am conceding the point to you. Isn't that enough?" "I guess." A grin, wide and wolfish, stretches across Kylo's features. "For now." Hux narrows his eyes but doesn't press the issue, returning his attention to his screen. After a moment, Kylo leans back in the booth, stretching his arms over his head. He lets out a satisfied groan that makes Hux twitch slightly before allowing his arms to fall across the back of the booth, one settling behind Hux, just inches from his back. Hux is abruptly very aware how close Kylo still is. There's plenty of room in the booth; there's no reason for Kylo to be sitting mere centimeters away. Of course, there's plenty of room next to Hux as well, but he still feels no impetus to move. It's almost relaxing, in a way , sitting in the radius of Kylo's body heat. Every inhale brings an infusion of the same scent that lingered when he ejected Kylo's shirt from the bathroom that morning, a smell similar to foliage after a rainstorm. Absently, Hux realizes it must be Kylo's natural scent, since he's never seen evidence of any aftershave in the months they've been living together. He then realizes how absurd he's being and violently crushes every vaguely sentimental thought that crosses his mind. No doubt, Kylo only remained so close in order to mess with Hux, and Hux should be irritated, not...not.... "You know," Kylo starts casually, like he didn't just short-circuit Hux's entire brain. "You talk kind of weird." Hux bristles, all warm feelings evaporating. "Excuse me?" Psychic powers his ass, Kylo Ren's true talents lie in driving Hux up the wall. "Like, you talk like a lawyer." Hux blinks. "What?" "You have this really precise way of speaking," Kylo replies thoughtfully. "Like you have to be really specific and say everything a certain way or you'll get in trouble." Hux stares openly at the side of Kylo's face where it's turned pensively to the ceiling. Phasma has teased him playfully throughout the years for his manner of speaking, calling him a walking dictionary and the like, and other children had teased him less playfully during school for "talking like a teacher," so it's not like he's unaware of how he sounds to other people, but he never expected Kylo to pinpoint him so exactly. "That's just the way I was raised," he says as neutrally as he can manage. "My father demanded a high level of professionalism in every aspect of his life." Kylo looks at Hux, eyebrows raised. "Your father the paranormal researcher?" "Yes, that Father." "Is that where you got your accent too?" Hux rolls his eyes. "Well, when one is surrounded by individuals who speak a certain way while one is learning to talk, it's reasonable to expect one to speak the same way, is it not?" "Your dad's British?" "Astute extrapolation, Kylo, very well done." "But he lives here, right?" Hux sighs, folding his hands in his lap. It doesn't look like he's going to get any more work done here. "Yes, we moved to America when I was nine years old." "Why?" "You are awfully inquisitive today, Kylo." "I want to get to know my team member," Kylo says easily. "I've been with you guys for a while now and I still don't know anything about you. Well, I thought I did, but--" the corners of his mouth pull into a mean smirk, "--apparently everything I knew about you was actually a lie." "They weren't lies, they--" Hux cuts himself off, eyes narrow and spine stiffening. "It isn't like you've been particularly open with us, either. I didn't give you any false information, I simply...." "Let me be wrong." "I didn't disavow you of your incorrect assumptions," Hux corrects him, meeting Kylo's appraising expression with what he hopes is a steely gaze. "I didn't see a reason to." Kylo holds his stare for a few beats but it feels far longer to Hux as he's trapped in the critical beam of Kylo's bottomless eyes like a slide under a microscope. Finally Kylo opens his mouth and says quietly, "Do you see a reason now?" Hux swallows, forcing his heart back into his chest. "Should I?" It's Kylo's call whether or not he wants to be a real part of the team. Until recently, he seemed to be keeping his distance, like he was prepared to leave at any time, but maybe now he wants something more. Hux tries not to ponder how much he wants that to be the case. Kylo's eyes soften. "I think so." Hux's heart hammers in response. "Very well." With a perfectly stable hand, he closes his laptop gently and relaxes against the back of the booth. He half-expects Kylo to move his arm now that he's practically leaning against it, but Kylo just refocuses his attention on Hux, showing no sign that he even knows. "My father, step-mother, and I had to move to America when I was nine because my father was becoming very well-known in the UK and it was beginning to affect our privacy." "Your dad is famous?" "In a way." Hux considers Kylo for a second. "Have you ever heard of the Castle Cary tapes?" A light flicks on behind Kylo's eyes as they widen in recognition. "Yeah, yeah, I've heard of those, everyone has. They're one of the most undeniable pieces of paranormal evidence. I've probably watched them a million times." Hux nods. "My father recorded them." "You're shitting me." "Unfortunately," Hux sighs, "I am not. When I was eight, he and his research partner captured the tapes and our family was suddenly rocketed into the spotlight. The tapes were huge, not just in Britain, obviously, and they reinvigorated paranormal investigation all over the world. The public was fascinated, of course, and my father and his partner were pestered to appear on talk shows and news programs, but they refused." Hux clasps his hands in his lap. "They weren't even investigators, just researchers. They'd only been in Castle Cary to conduct some interviews and they decided to set up a few cameras in the town church. They weren't interested in becoming celebrities. My father's partner actually moved away shortly after the tapes were made public because he couldn't take the hounding." "It was that bad?" "It was terrible," Hux says somberly, brows knit as the memories wash over him. "Reporters practically lived outside our house. One tried to pick me up from school by claiming to be my uncle. If the school hadn't phoned my mother to confirm, there's no telling what could have happened." "Jesus." "Yeah. And it only got worse when my father's partner moved, because suddenly it looked like something untoward was going on." Hux snorts. "As if his moving had something to do with the tapes and not with the constant media pressure. After that, the validity of the tapes as well as my father's reputation was called into question and the attention got very nasty. We received death threats and our house was vandalized frequently. Eventually my father gave up all rights to the recording and we moved. We didn't have many other options." "Fuck, Hux." Kylo sounds shocked, shaking his head slowly. "I had no idea." "Good. That's the entire reason we moved." "After all that, I'm amazed you still wanted to hunt ghosts. You must really respect your dad." Hux freezes, breath caught in his throat. "That's...not...quite it," he says carefully. Kylo cocks his head. "Then what is it?" "It's silly." "Really?" "Yes. And it doesn't matter anyway." "It matters to me." Kylo says it with such surety that it brings Hux up short, at a loss for how to respond. "Does Phasma know?" "Well, yes, but--" "Then I should know!" Kylo insists. "Tell me!" Hux stares at him in bewilderment. "You really are persistent," he says exasperatedly. Kylo sticks his bottom lip out in an exaggerated pout, widening his eyes until Hux can see the diner's grimy fluorescent lights reflected in them and furrowing his eyebrows. Overall, the effect on Kylo's distinctive face is quite comical and Hux has to muffle a surprised giggle behind his hand. "Please?" Kylo begs, leaning into Hux even more. "Come on, Hux, please ?" "You're incorrigible." But Hux finds himself smiling. "Is that a yes?" "Fine, you ridiculous child," Hux concedes, thumping a hand lightly against Kylo's chest. Kylo drops the pleading look, a satisfied smile replacing the foolish pout, but Hux notices that he doesn't lean back. "My father is indeed a very respectable man," Hux begins, "but I didn't go into this line of work out of respect for him. When I was in middle school, I began showing interest in ghosts and the like, but my father didn't approve. He approved of very little of what I did," Hux mutters, looking down at his hands, lost in thought for a moment. He suddenly remembers himself and clear his throat, looking back up. "Anyway, one day he made an offhand comment that any work I did would be overshadowed by his own career and that nothing would ever approach the impact of the Castle Cary tapes." Kylo's gaze narrows in realization. "And you took that as a challenge." Hux smiles, pleased. "I did." "Why am I not surprised?" "Perhaps because I'm, what is it that Phasma calls me? Combative ." Kylo opens his mouth like he's about to speak, something glittering deep in his eyes, but before he can make a sound, Phasma slides into the booth across from them. "What about me?" she asks, glancing suspiciously between them. Kylo stiffens and edges away from Hux, removing his arms from the back of the booth to fold them on the table while Hux clears his throat and deliberately looks away, face suddenly burning. "Nothing," he answers tightly, busying his hands with packing his laptop back into his messenger bag. "We weren't talking about you." Phasma eyes them for a moment longer as though she doesn't believe him, but visibly gives up the matter with a shrug. "So Desta says there's a mystery spot here in town," she says eagerly. "One of those super cheesy old-fashioned ones with the furniture nailed to the ceiling and stuff. We've got to check it out." Once again, Hux can feel the migraine settling in behind his eyes. Notes: Leave a comment to encourage me to hurry the fuck up or come see me on tumblr! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the First Order Investigations series