The Last Night Planet Unknown Location: Outer Rim Territories Current Status: Independent Operations The sudden roll of thunder and rain banging your tiny glass window sparks you awake. Storms were a rare, but wonderful occasion. Life on this planet is isolating and lonely as a fallen girl. You’ve never even seen the other side of this one, let alone the rest of the universe. Maybe someday. But somedays don’t happen for most courtesans or fallen girls (or depending on who you ask, cockwhores.) They convinced you to come here to serve the movement with purpose, then you used you as trade fodder. The Outer Rim is a forgotten place and there was little interference in affairs here. Occasionally a sweep or perhaps a smuggle deal gone wrong may stir action in the main village area, but otherwise, existence was fairly monotonous. At least your job of offering pleasure to traders, passersbys, and the occasional local was easy enough. Long dark thick auburn red hair woven into fishtail braid with darkened green eyes and chiffon pale skin lent itself to being itself to be an easy sell as a “desirable” human (a lot less could be said for the other creatures that you performed for.) Unfortunately due to customs, Vaas Droma, the owner, took nearly all of the pay for the bland meal rations you ate and rent for your private, cramped quarters. He also required purchases of makeup, perfumes, toys, and costumes through him as well. One could leave if they wished, but reliable meals and security were worth the trade when you have no education or training or connections to the rest of the galaxy. You were born into the Resistance and lived an entirely unstable life with little order. And you couldn’t go back to Resistance forces, because, after all, they were the ones who put you here. But you didn’t care much about the conflict; you have your own problems to deal with now. Like impending dismissal and a life of scavenging to look forward to. It had been almost a couple month since you’d taken a client in private and you were on the verge of losing your place. Dancing, drinking, and gambling wasn’t a problem, but dealing with them personally nearly always was. Vaas would have considered kicking you out sooner, but the lust for humans paid well and your eye candy quality attracted business. You could make it on your own and once you tried, but it wasn’t without intense pain and memories you’d rather not relive. A tiny chime sounded, signaling a line up to begin shortly. It’s time to mentally prepare to be made an object again. Sighing and reaching for the plumpers and glossing paint, it is to become a presentable fantasy. Pining for traveling the galaxy would just have to wait until later. *** The brothel had an immensely gorgeous, enticing interior, filled from floor to ceiling with thick wooden carvings, denoting its age. A bar adorned the side entrance wall, where the visitors would wait. Glass bottles of liquors, wines, and Corellian alcohol lined the back, with the liquids reflecting an array of colorful lights against the wall. Tables were strewn from the gambling night the evening before. “LINE UP!” Vaas’ throat boomed, ordering all into position. You add yourself on the very end of the girls, not into presenting for the clientele this evening. Staying in the dark room with the grey cot would be better than satisfying any of these assholes , thinking to yourself. Hopefully, staring into space for the next few minutes would kill the time and a quick retreat could be made back upstairs. Just make it through lineup, make it through lineup. The lineup was where each creature introduced themselves and put on their best come hither look, hoping to retain their place in Vaas’ hierarchy. Vaas catered to a wide variety of tastes, but you were the only available humans today. One could expect a caning or forced deepthroating “practice” session if lineup was missed or if one feigned too much disinterest. “I want...that one”, the man gestures to you, as everyone seems to stare in your direction. You can almost feel their thoughts of disdain and disappointment that they weren’t chosen. “Excellent choice. Our human girl.” “Yes, fully human, I promise” you respond back, with hints of sarcasm. You could hear Vaas screaming in his head to not ruin this opportunity. Your eyes dart downwards, “my apologies--I look forward to our evening together.” Then you catch a glimpse of the suitor. His brown hair swept to the side matches his warm brown eyes and sly smile. He was certainly the most handsome visitor to stroll by the Outer Rim in quite some time. Breathing slowed a bit as you examined his face. He seemed trustworthy and welcoming. Even though this one seemed promising, the long evening of looking at the sky and dreaming about a different night slowly melted away into what character you’ll be playing. “Can the droid come?” he gestured to spherical robot, beeping about. What is that thing , thinking to yourself, scanning the BB unit rolling about, shuddering, remembering previous droid encounters. Vaas interrupted your internal thoughts, “of course droids are welcome into the quarters”, he said, glaring at you. “Of course, we welcome droids”, you reply, glancing down again at the droid. Vaas and the customer begin hammering a deal on expected services and exchanging money. “She will escort you to the quarters for the night. Leave is by 0800.” “I think we can manage that”, he smiles. Vass hands you a small piece of paper, detailing your orders. Your mind is elsewhere, but still trying to fake it. Deep, but not obvious breathes. As you begin leading him down the darkened hallway to the entertainment quarters for his stay, you introduce yourself and ask your evening suitor’s name, “You can call me Poe.” What a soft name, you thought. “What do you do, Poe?” you ask, filling the dead air between now and the fucking. “Pilot the galaxy.” he gave a small laugh, already comfortable in your presence. “Sounds thrilling”, you respond, unlocking the chambers. Great another one of these. Who doesn’t “pilot the galaxy” these days. “Yeah, I’m not just a pilot, you could even say I’m rebellious kind of guy”, Poe responds, laughing at his own assessment of himself. “Ohhh...” feigning being impressed by this response, a response you’ve heard millions of times over. Every guy is an adventurous, “rebellious” guy, but all they really want is an easy quick hand job. Scanning his outfit from his boots to his worn jacket, maybe did speak truth about some adventures. “This is our room for the night, make yourself comfortable”, the smile slips across your face with no real meaning behind it, even if he was extraordinarily handsome. The dark wooded room was shrouded in burgundy and navy linens with with metallic touches. Several fiery lamps contained bouncy flames, illuminating select spaces. A large king bed, familiar territory to you, overwhelms the central space, with a large refresher to the side with a wide golden tub occupied the refresher’s space. A couple closets hung to the side of the room, filled with toys or objects for pleasure and pain. “Would you like to get started with a relaxing hot bath, due to your, ah-hem adventures?” you ask, playing along. “Yeah, you know what, yeah that would be nice.” He responds and makes himself at home, removing his worn boots and jacket, almost as if this was a nightly routine. “Is that part of the fun tonight?” you gesture to the spherical droid, faintly smiling, dying on the inside. Droid play is dreadful. Utterly dreadful. “It- he can stay in the closet, if that makes you more comfortable.” A small relief let out and a moment of honesty emerged. “It would, thank you”, you reply as the droid began beeping furiously. Poe mouthing sorry as the unit rolled away, charging down for the evening. Normally, you have to make nice with each request. Not many visitors ask about your comfort level. But work is work, right? You can feel the continued relief ease the pressure throughout your veins in your body as you prepare the bath. Hot water rushes through the spigots, rising from tub, and slicking the bronzed tiles with condensation droplets. Maybe this won’t be too bad. Poe watches you in the doorway fiddle with the water. “I appreciate all of this, but I need to be honest with you...”, he remarks. His jaunty tone disintegrated into a serious sound, “I just need a place to hide for the night, then I’ll be on my way. You don’t have to...perform for me.” Great another all nighter who will give a pittance of pay because they didn’t get “enough” you think, remembering what happened to you the last time a client dissatisfaction with your performance. You sigh internally and kneel on your knees in submission. “I will be happy to do whatever pleases you”, bowing your head, thinking please don’t fuck this up, please don't fuck this up . “I mean it-- just be you. I’m not expecting anything. I won’t say anything, but satisfaction if that’s what you’re concerned about.” He sounded truthful, but was he? “Promise?” lifting your head up , "I'd appreciate that." “Promise. Really.” Reality hits. No one just asks for someone to hang out, there must be more. You lean back against the tub, absorbing its warmth into your back. “There’s an inn next door run by Droma too...you could have rent a room alone, why did you pay him for...?” Your question hung in the air and your eyes fell to the floor. “I was going to until I saw you last night in the gambling den. It’s a little lonely running around the galaxy...and you looked a little lonely too. Maybe we could help each other out.” Fuck, Vaas would have caned you for showing such unenthusiasm, now you really have to thank Poe. “I’d just like the company, if ...if you don’t mind. Someone to talk to.” “I don’t have better things to do… and I mean, you’re paying so...” you let a half smile slip out and that was the truth. What would you do anyway? Count and recount your meager savings? Relive the number of disappointing facials in your head? Let some more creatures just mindlessly feel you up with they gamble away? Besides at least he was good looking and gods know that doesn’t swing through this sector often. He let out a little laugh too, “okay, so, you’ll stay and keep me company?” “Yes.” you pause for a moment taking in his face, he seems relieved he won’t be alone tonight either. “Where are you from?” Poe asks, taking the floor, across from you, matching your eyes. “Here," your mood lightens and you gesture around the room. No one really cares where you're from. “No, really. Where are you from? ” His question strikes deeper this time. He was creating an open space for conversation, looking for actual answers. Far from the typical cock size seeking compliments. “Well, I’m not entirely sure,” you answer. The question rattles you deeper as you criss-cross your legs and lightly suspend your fingertips above the cold tile floor, tracing out stars. “I don’t remember much prior to coming here.” Stoicism filled your voice as you continue, “I’ve been here for several years living with Droma. I don’t remember much from my life before. My parents both abandoned me when I was rather young. Droma may as well be my father...my caretaker. So I say I am from here.” His face gained concern, “are you a slave?” “I-I can leave when I choose,” you stammer, with some frustration. “You didn’t answer the question.” “I can leave. When I choose,” you say more confidently. “Slavery is outlawed, you know.” “By law, yes...by destiny, maybe not.” “As long as you decide.” He pauses, scanning your face, “you are quite beautiful. It’s hard not to notice, I bet your business does quite well.” Redness warms your cheeks, “thank you...I do….okay”, responding shyly, “you’re not so bad looking either.” You bite your lip in an automatic nervous reaction. Fuck , you think yourself, Keep the personal separated. “What about you? Where ere are you from?” you ask, trying to lessen the awkwardness inside. “Yavin 4. A planet much greener than this.” He moves next to you leaning against the tub. Not knowing where many other planets are, you nod along as usual, adding “your parents were probably sweet.” Dammit . “They were fighters, but left me when I was young too.” “We seem to have a lot in common.” “It seems we do…” as his sentence trailed, his hand slides under yours. “Except, you’re more beautiful than a travel weary pilot.” When he laughed you notice how genuinely dashing he is. “We’re both highly skilled in our respective fields, I’m sure,” you respond, attempting a joke. Small talk wasn’t your greatest suit clearly, but normally at this act in the play, a cock would be shoved down your throat. “Have you been to many planets?” “You could say that.” His answer doesn’t settle you. You know something is hidden in his words, even if his compliments were truthful. “What do you do when you go?” you inquire. “Important business. Have you traveled much?” “No… but I’d love to someday.” “You should. Too bad I only have space for a droid.” “Droids are...important,” you say with some struggle. The droid in the closet sets off a singular angry beep. “He's pretty important", he acknowledges the annoyed sound, "and it should be illegal for you to stay only here,” he added with a prod. “I told you…” you respond with a slight irritability. “I know you did and I want to believe that.” He moves in closer slowly, his eyes concentrating on yours. Something about him and his presence takes you in. You let your guard down and meet him. He begins kissing your neck, sliding the gauzy white tunic dress off your shoulders to reveal your flushed red chest, and you reach for his waist instinctively, noticing his hard cock visible through the fabric. The stubble on his face grazes your smooth skin. He removes his mouth momentarily to remove his shirt, throwing it to the side haphazardly returning streaming kisses at the nape of your neck. “I’m sorry, I-I can stop if you want,” he asks, breathing heavily, but you couldn’t say no even if you wanted to. You can feel each breath luring you in. His hands and mouth envelop you with gentle strength. “Please....please...don’t…” it felt so good to feel the pressure of his lips against your skin. You finish removing your dress, expressing your willingness to go further. “Bathe with me?” his eyes match his intense breathing, never leaving yours. “You don’t have to ask,” with a smile of your own. Smiles generally act like screens for your real feelings; this one however, was real stirred something in you that is harder to partition out. “I’m sure you don’t hear this often, but allow me.” Fully disrobed, he picks you up and steps into the tub. Steam continues to rise from the bubbling water to fill the room. He lays back against the golden tub wall, pulling you closer and closer. Before you can even decide the next move, his lips fasten against yours, as you straddle his legs without thinking, resting on your knees on the bottom of the tub to draw into to his chest. His arm supports the small of your back, while his other hand teases your nipples and his mouth continues working on your neck. “Ohhhh...” you let out breathlessly, closing your eyes, enjoying the moment for once. His mouth is incredible, alternating between playful sucking to full gentle kisses. The motion of the warm water is only hardening his cock underneath you as you occasionally feel it rub against your mound. If you weren’t already in a tub, you’d be soaking. At this point normally, you’d be faking the romance or orgasm, but he drew you in. He understood the loneliness and isolation you’ve felt. He showed a modicum of care and reciprocity. You weren't performing, but existing. He parts your hair to the side, leaning his mouth into your ear, “when was the last time someone else made you cum?” “Never. It’s not my job to feel pleasure, I give it,” you answer automatically, as your training taught. “That changes tonight, beautiful,” his breath heats up the nape of your neck. You close your eyes, satisfied with drowning in this moment. His hand continues alternating on your nipples. You reach instinctively for his hard cock and his hand grips your wrist. He moves your arm above his shoulder. “No...” he whispers directly into your ear. You become paralyzed with fear. “Tonight is for you,” he continues teasing your nipples. “My j-job….” you trail off breathlessly as continues to kiss and lightly suck your neck. “You’re keeping me company, not working. Remember?” he reminded you. Before you realize it, he’s turning you around. He rests his chin on your shoulder, staring down at your body. One hand continues massaging your breasts, as one trails slowly down your stomach. “You can tell me to stop if you want. We can play Sabacc or...” “No-noo", you interrupt, "please keep going…” Your eyes are closed, taking in the sensations of his hands. Your body is overtaken by seeking more and more. “Can I make you cum?” he whispers. “Ooohh...you can try...” you slip deeper into the moment. His fingers stroll down to your clit. “I like challenges…” his fingers grazing your folds, his mouth applying pressure to your neck. You let out soft moans, feeling his entire body cradling you in. His fingers intensify and he begins to deepen the rub of his fingers. “Mmmm fuuuck…” you let out with your back arches slightly. His motions stops. “I think I can do better.” You’re bewildered at the sudden stop, still breathing intensely, trapped in the moment. He swiftly picks you up and lays you on the edge of the bed. “Can you spread your legs for me?” Without skipping a beat, you lift and spread your legs at his request. “Beautiful,” he stops to admire your body draped across the bed and his fingers trace your sex. His eyes meet with your eyes again. “I said I was going to make you cum and I mean it.” You nod your head furiously yes in response to his declaration, willing to hand himself over to you. “Please. Please make me cum”, you ask with a slight beg. His lips meet yours. "As I promised." He flashes a grin then trails kisses between your breasts, down your stomach and you can feel his heavy breathing heightened against your skin. He hovers above your warm cunt, his eyes still focused on yours. Your arms reach out to grip the covers around you for support as his tongue presses flatly against you, driving you into complete madness. “Oooooohhh…” a moan escapes your mouth. “Ohh you like that.” Poe briefly responds, kissing your inner thigh. “Pleaasee more..ohh...” you can't keep your pleasure quiet. His tongue extends to return to your folds. He reaches his arms underneath your legs pulling you closer into his mouth, his hands feeling your soft stomach up to your breasts, playfully exciting your aroused nipples. “Mmmmm you taste amazing,” he takes a pause, noting the sweat. “Ohh fucckk, oh OHHH…” your grip tightens. His mouth finds your clit and he begins expertly sucking and toying. “Yesss...oooohh…” your eyes close and you let the feelings of pleasure wash over you. Your hips buck up to meet his tongue and his arms pull your body even closer into his mouth. “Mmm that’s it, cum for me beautiful!” Poe’s tongue works against your soaking wet cunt. You suddenly slip into another space, shaking, groaning. Then when Poe takes the perfect suck of your clit, your body rushes with heat and spams. He keeps his mouth on your cunt and teases your nipples throughout the duration of your orgasm. “oooOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHH!” you let out, without censoring. You push away his head, rolling to the side, closing your legs, afraid of passing out from the intensity. Your short breaths become deeper and longer as you fall back to reality. “I-I’m sorry I,” the stammer escapes and you cover your face with embarrassment. Poe smiles at his handiwork, pulls himself onto the bed, and leans into your ear. “Stop, I told you I would make you cum,” he said, smiling mischievously. Your breathing begins to regulate and reality sets in. “I-I need to offer you something.” You can feel you cunt still twitching like electric sparks. “You have,” he says, brushing your messed up locks aside, he takes your hand away from your face, lightly kissing your lips, “just relax with me?” “Okay”, you continue to whisper, “thank you.” “I’d do that every night to you if I could,” Poe says, tracing his fingers on your skin. You notice his tan complexion sticking out against your pale skin. “I’d let you…” your reply and eyes linger on him. His mouth met yours and continued to consume you. The night carried on with small talk, laying naked on the large comfortable bed. Eventually, Poe drifts off to sleep. You watch his steady, relaxed breathing. Perhaps for the first evening ever, your work didn’t suck. You fall asleep, recounting the evening and dream of running away with Poe or someone like him. *** Suddenly, the droid rolled out from the closet in panic, furiously beeping. Are you fucking kidding me? It’s the middle of the fucking night! you think to yourself, this. t his is why I hate droids. Groggily waking, you see Poe nearly dressed. “I’ve gotta get out of here.” You could feel the panic in Poe’s voice. “Is there a back way out?” he asks with hurried concern. “Uh...yeah, yeah, down the hallway, down the stairs to the left...wait. You-you have to go? Did-did I do something?” you ask. “No. You are wonderful. You are beautiful, I hope the rest of the galaxy gets to see that someday.” Poe’s hand locks into your hair behind your ears and he pulls you close to kiss with force. “And I’m coming back for those lips, but keep yourself safe, take cover, bad things are coming here. Oh and...” he pulled out a satchel of money, “for you. You know. In case you leave.” “Thank you. I- I will see you again. Poe.” You didn’t want the money. You just wanted him to stay. With his jacket and satchel flung on, he grabs you once more for a kiss, then pauses to take a look at you. The moment hung in the air like a picture frame. “Goodbye, beautiful.” “Goodbye…” you respond softly. For a brief fleeting moment, there was care, something unusual in your routine. Before you could even process the scene, Poe and the roly poly droid were down the hall and exiting the compound. This was weird, but you’ve seen a lot of weird, so maybe it wasn’t actually THAT weird. The weirdness stemmed from the feelings you developed over night. A great orgasm can do that. Smugglers running off in the middle of the night was hardly uncommon. You let your mind drift into thoughts of what it would be like to run away with an actual traveler, rather than be their stop. But then your mind falls down to Poe’s words. What did he mean, keep yourself safe? You throw back on your white guazey dress and quickly clean up the room and head back to your quarters. Vaas would get angry if you stayed in the visitor quarters for the remainder of the night without the visitor, so may as well head back. Your personal space wasn’t much but at least it was yours. A small gray cot, with closet, a minimal refresher with a full length mirror adorning one wall. A bag with personal artifacts, including the bare bits of money, was hidden within your pillow. There was a tiny window to stare out of, your connection to the outside world. It is also imperative to hide tips as soon as you can. Poe’s was incredibly generous, in fact, it was more than you’d make in a couple years. Maybe there was enough to buy your way into domestics worker training and out of this level of servitude. Maybe enough to find him again. Were you smitten by him? Or that someone else made you cum? Your mind couldn’t stop wandering and replaying the scenes with him in your head. No one ever made you orgasm with care before. Try to get some sleep, try to get some sleep , you keep repeating, staring out the window, replying the scenes of the night over and over again, wishing Poe hadn't left so quickly. Without warning, the evacuation sirens begin to blare and your heart began to flutter with anxiety. You hadn’t heard them in years. You leap to open your door and witness the panic of clients and courtesans running around in response to the sirens. “ WE’RE GOING TO BE ATTACKED! ” Vaas boomed down the hall. One of the girls pipes up, “where will we go?!” “That isn’t my fucking problem,” Vaas grumbled, juggling bottles of alcohol. As quickly as he informed everyone to evacuate, Vaas disappeared, running out of the brothel. He clearly wasn’t staying to protect you or anyone else. During ordinary raids, we would be the first place searched. But this was not ordinary raid. Those weren't raid announcements. This was more serious. This was an attack. A loud whizzing sound emanated from the skies, drowning out the sirens. It sounded like the last time they interfered with smugglers only this time it was magnified by thousands. Streams of lasers jetted past your tiny window. You run out into the hallway, looking out one of the bigger windows and see a red flash jet right into Vaas, striking him down, dead instantly. Ohhhhh, fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck. I’ve got to get out of here, internally yelling to yourself. But you feel hopelessly paralyzed as the world screamed and sparked around you. Chapter 2 : The Invasion Summary: Poe Dameron left you in the middle of the night, the brothel owner is dead, and now you have to try to save your life from a First Order attack. Notes: This is a shorter chapter to bridge us into the next aspect of the story to unfold. I could have combined it, but I prefer a cleaner break. Sorry in advance for any errors. CHAPTER SPECIFIC TAGS Captain Phasma Makes an Appearance, Kylo Ren Finally, First Order Arrives Y'all, fear, violence, force fainting, no smut in this chapter ahhh (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Shaking off the paralysis, it is time to take action. While you run back to your room, you take a mental inventory: necklace, clothes, meal rations, coins, necklace, clothes, meal rations, coins... grab what you can, run for cover. Sounds of terror could be heard out the window, interrupting your thoughts. What the hell is going on? Fuck. Where am I going to go? You hurriedly stuff what you can in your tan canvas satchel, continuing your contemplation. The stormtroopers appeared to be endless as you take a quick glance out your window. What do I do? If I hide, they could kill me for hiding. Maybe if I surrender, they would let me go peacefully. After all, I’m nobody, they aren’t looking for me. I'm just a simple slut. You've heard rumors of the First Order and what they are capable of. You've seen raids, but not bombs exploding or stormtroopers deployed en masse. "They're heading this way!" a fellow courtesan screams. Take the back exit, you think to yourself, get out and look for cover somewhere else . You run out of your quarters and exit out the back of your housing, praying to all the gods this won’t be your demise. Bad move. A couple stormtroopers run towards you, blasters raised and pointed. Fuck. Fuck. F uccckkkk. Falling to your hands and knees in submission, your eyes begin to tear up. Beg for mercy. Beg for your life. “Please, pl-please don’t kill me”, you stammer on, “I have no weapons please!” All of a sudden, a loud roar crackled above. A black ship, unlike ones you’ve seen before, starts landing and the commotion around you seems to momentarily pause. It’s as if the entire battlefield stops to witness the craft. A metallic masked trooper along additional stormtroopers, exit the spacecraft. Behind them, a fully cloaked figure walks out. Your fear ramps up and breathing shallows; this isn’t a normal smuggler bust, they need something or someone else much more important. The stormtroopers holding you hostage motion for you to stand and slowly you rise. You’re shaking from holding still so long, but tears fall out without your permission from fright. Another stormtrooper isolates your arms behind you, stretching your chest outwards, making your heart an easy target. The wind picks up as a storm beckons on the horizon. “Do you support the First Order?” the robotic voice commands. Barely understanding what they were saying through the messy blaze of sounds, you respond as loud as you can muster, “y-yes.” “Do you know where the Resistance members are?” “I-I don’t know where the Resistance is. I don’t know any members in the Resistance.” The stormtroopers address each other, “we should just kill her, she’s wearing rags anyway.” One of them grabs your paper thin dress and shreds a piece of it. “She has no information, what good is she?” another one adds. Self preservation suddenly kicks in, “PLEASE DON’T. I KNOW NOTHING!” screaming as tears beginning to flow. Your screams catch the attention of the masked cloaked figure who heads in your direction. The stormtroopers raise their weapons, aiming in your direction. “NO PLEASE, I SUPPORT THE FIRST ORDER I DON'T KNOW ANYTHING PLEASE BELIEVE ME!” Your screams turn to uncontrollable sobs as the stormtrooper holding your arms, shoves you into the dirt. Closing your eyes, you continue to beg for mercy, grasping onto the dusty ground. You hear the blasters go off, but suddenly the stormtroopers collapse around you. “Rise,” the generated voice echoed. You hold still for a moment, afraid to move, unsure of what is happening. “ Rise ,” the generated voice echoed sternly. Gathering yourself, you stand, taking in low, shallow breaths while maintaining your stare at the ground in anticipation of death. Blasters and bombs continue to go off while you are doing everything to stay composed. “Look at me”, the figure commanded. You dart your eyes to meet the masked figure, blocking out the smoking surrounds to get a detailed look at what stood before you. There were no eyes to stare back into, just a curved mask of chrome and black reflecting back your own fears and anxieties. There was an uneasiness between the two of you, almost like the figure was invading your mind and space despite being several feet away. Your mind out of nowhere drifts to thinking about Poe’s soft kisses from only hours before and the moment of pleasure, anything to avoid looking at the bloodshed and tyranny around you. “Take her. She’s seen him. She is only good to me alive,” the mechanical voice emanated from the cloaked figure, directing a new round of stormtroopers towards you. “S-seen w-who?” you stammer, immediately considering death might have been a better alternative to whatever you’re about to experience. It moves closer to you; its stature dark and overwhelming. “You are not permitted to ask questions…” he looked down and up at you before addressing you in your proper term, “ whore .” Before the sentence was even finished, two troopers grip your arms tightly and shuffle you onto the ship, as the figure disappears from your view into the rest of the violent chaos unfolding outside. At least you live, but this is not quite what you bargained for. *** Inside the ship, it is eerily quiet. A welcomed quiet to what was happening outside, but still eerie. The stormtroopers guard you with a small group of others who have been captured and brought on board the shuttle in an open area. It was understand that if you took one wrong move, you'd be killed instantly. In the midst of taking in your surroundings, the metallic caped figure you saw earlier walks directly up to you. “Are you the traitor?” You respond, “m-me? No. No. I have no idea why I--” “SILENCE!” the robotic voice cuts you off and raises their blaster. Oh fuck , you think about yourself, staring down the barrel of a blaster. You're too dehydrated to cry or scream, you just stare in terror. “Captain Phasma,” the cloaked figure commands, appearing in the background. “Lower your weapon." Phasma takes a step back, lowering their weapon. A visible relief crawls across your face. The voice continued, "I requested this prisoner to stay alive for interrogation. Or did you have plans to betray my orders?” Phasma responds, "I was unaware of the prisoner's status. No harm has been done." The cloaked figure comes directly up to you while the rest of the captives are moved away from the holding area. Within moments it is just the two of you standing in a vast space. Raising his leather gloved hand, your mind blanks, body goes limp, and your consciousness exits into darkness. Notes: Thanks for reading <333 please feel free to leave comments, if you wish! Like I said at the beginning, short and sweet, the next chapters will be longer. I appreciate and love your kudos and comments <3 you can follow me on tumblr @alexandriabloom stay sweet -Alexandria Next Chapter: Hell in the Cell, will reader stay safe...in space? Spoiler: Again with this. Nah. Chapter 3 : Hell in the Cell Summary: You're being processed and imprisoned by the First Order now before interrogation. Notes: Apologies in advance for any grammar/syntax/spelling mistakes. I'll fix that soon. TRIGGER/CONTENT WARNING: This chapter contains violence, sexual violence, rape, assault, etc. please feel free to skip it if need be. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Where the hell am I? Your eyes jump around, amazed at the enormous open space before you. The bright fluorescent light bouncing off the stark white interior burns your eyes. The white dress you’re wearing is covered in dirt from falling to the ground. Your body still dust-ridden. Two stormtrooper flanked your sides with one following behind. A lot of security for someone as weak as myself; I can't battle a loaf of bread, let alone a trained warrior , you think. The guards here are wearing what you immediately notice as First Order uniforms. The guards looked positively polished next to you, with their shiny boots and crisp coats. It is the first time you’ve seen a face since regaining consciousness. You wait in a line to be processed with other prisoners, adjusting yourself slightly in the stormtroopers' grip. As you get closer to the front of the line, two guards grab either side of you, dismissing the troopers. It was weird to feel human hands take hold of your arms. “Family?” the guard asks. Your family name registers nothing. “Trade?” You pause momentarily wondering how to say I try to get clients drunk enough that I don’t actually have to have sex with them for a living , “uh...entertainment...” you trail off. “So, you’re a whore?” the guard responds, not missing a beat. Your heart drops; the hierarchy exists everywhere. “Um….yes. Yes.” Now might not be the time for sugar coating. “Do you support the First Order, Resistance, Neutrality, or Neither?” “I’m from the Outer Rim, we don’t really-” “So the Resistance?” “NO-no", you quickly interject, "neither, I don’t have an allegiance.” Your speech began to pick up pace, “I have no allegiance because I don’t know anything I-” The guard cuts your stumbling off, “neither then.” “I’m not against the First Order, if that’s what you’re asking I-” The guard sighs and cuts you off again, “you’re lucky Commander Ren specially requested your interrogation alive. You would have been dead five minutes ago.” You nod, following orders. “And a final word of advice”, the guard offered, “keep your mouth closed, 2914782. Take her to her cell.” “I-I have a name” you stammer back in defiance, forgetting the advice immediately. “Not in here.” The guard motioned for the next prisoner in line to the desk and two guards pulled you away. You arms were feeling numb from being tied behind your back. The fluorescent lights dimmed as you were forcibly moved from the sterile white check in room to the the much darker brig. The expansive space and noise was overwhelming, as the cages seemed to expand into infinity. “These are all male cells. I’m a female”, you inform the guards dragging you along, thinking the gender depiction was fairly obvious. “We figure you shouldn’t let your talent go to waste...” the guard said, smirking at his own cleverness. “It is easier to keep you close by.” He smiled and your heart sinks to the pits below your stomach. One of the only reasons you stayed with Vaas is because he protected you and the others from being sacrificed to more scrupulous elements in the galaxy who were looking for entertainment fodder. You were always warned if you left Vaas, this would happen to you. Suddenly, the guard holding your arms pushes you against the grates of a cell, pushing your breasts through. A couple men inside the cell began groping and pulling your nipples. “AGGHHH!”, you close your eyes, screaming, you can only hear their laughter, as your nipples become reddened and harder. One man slaps your sensitive nipples, making you shiver with pain. The guard pulls you away from the cell by your hair, “that’s just a preview of the fun. This is what we do to Resistance sympathizers.” “I’m-I’m not a sympathizer,” you say, only half-convincingly, focused on the sharp pains from unwanted contact. “Not what we hear,” the other guard flanking your side responds. The walk continues, passing cell after cell. Men calling you a whore, slut, cunt, every name in the book. Where they all Resistance sympathizers? Were they like me and not involved in the conflict? Would I have to fuck my way out of here? As the walk continues, you try to preoccupy your mind with the moments before you awoke. You remember looking into the cloaked figure's mask before losing consciousness. Will he be interrogating me? you wonder. “Here is your cell. If you behave and give us the information required, perhaps you can work your way up to indentured worker and will not be eliminated”, one of the guards pushes you into the cell and up against the cold, concrete wall. “Or maybe you can provide us with some of your... what did you call it? Entertainment. And we can take care of you.” The guard groped your tender breasts and you let out a small yelp, before quickly taking steps to conceal your pain. Another guard interjects, “enjoy your brief moments alone. We’ll be back later.” The guard finally lets go of you and you hear the boots stomp away in synchronization. Eliminated . Would I end up dying here? The cell was no bigger than the room at “home”. A concrete slab with thin blankets and a small pillow, tiny refresher space. But no tiny window here. A perfectly folded gray prisoner uniform was on the “bed” if you could call it that, consisting of a top and pants. Pants. Now that is something I haven’t seen in awhile. How much time has passed? How long will I be here? The situation’s overwhelmingness washed over you. You change into the clothes provided and attempt to clean your dress as well as yourself in the pitifully small sink. Maybe the First Order is worse than the Resistance. Hours pass and you fall asleep, unaware of the time or place. *** “ 2914782!” A voice called. That was your new identification here, startling you awake. “Yes?” you pull yourself up, standing to attention. “Your interrogation is scheduled for 1700 today.” “Um. Okay… h-how soon is that?” asking, almost begging to be interrogated just to leave this concrete crypt for awhile. The guard gestures to the outer wall with the time on it. The clock read 1147. “Oh. Right. Thanks.” Well, no one has ever accused you of being a genius after all. “Here is your lunch portion. You are not permitted in the cafeteria with the other prisoners as of yet.” The guard opened a smaller portion of the cell and threw in meal portions and canteen of liquid. “Thank you,” you say quietly to him. He looks bewildered at your gratitude, but you’d be grateful for meager grass clippings right now you were so hungry. He exited your sight line and you sit the corner against the grates staring at the clock as you eat. What am I going to say? Say you don’t know anything. Because it is true- you DON’T know anything. To pass the time you lay on the concrete block, trying to rest. Thoughts of Poe come in and out of your daydreams, but the cloaked figure keeps interfering. Who was he? His presence was certainly frightening, but intriguing. You want to take off his mask and see his face. Will I see him again? Is he going to interrogate me? The scenarios play in your mind as you somehow drift asleep. *** “ 2914782! UP IMMEDIATELY!” The stirring of the prison cell’s grates stir you abruptly awake. There were three guards, different from before, with slightly different colored uniforms, but the same shiny boots. “We are executing a full search,” the guard informs you. “I have nothing. Here,” you hurriedly grab and toss your white dress to them. “That’s the only thing I have in here, I don’t have my bag or--”, you try to continue, but the guards motion for you to stop talking. “Do not respond. Remove your clothes. Immediately.” His voice stern and raising. You stare in disbelief at his request. “Can’t you search me while wear--” He interjects, “now. Or face immediate disciplinary action. You slowly remove your prison clothes as the guards stare, waiting for the reveal. You slowly remove your pants, feeling the chill of the air wisp across your body. “Lay on the floor. Legs spread, arms behind back,” he commanded. “I. HAVE. NOTHING.” You responded with anger and frustration. They raised their blasters, leaving you no choice, but to comply. You lie on the chilled floor, causing your nipples to erect without your permission. Just listen to what they say, just listen to what they say. This is the last place you want to be eliminated. You’ve been through worse, you attempt to assure yourself as you place your hands behind your back. One of the guards ties up your wrists behind your back. The guard directing the affair moves behind you, spreading your legs further apart with his booted foot. He kneels down, slips his gloved finger in, “what a nice slit, I bet you made a lot of dirty creatures happy with it.” Your body froze in response to his touch. “What about this mouth?” Another guard raises his hand and slaps across your lips. The begin to swell immediately.” You try to evade your face away, but the guard grabs your ponytail and directs your face up to him. He forces two fingers into your mouth. “What a nice asshole..” the other guard caresses your buttocks, moving them apart to examine your backside. Your heart sinks. That was the one area of your body you were permitted to keep sacred. The guard’s long index finger slips in and you let out a frustrated grunt. “UNNGGG--NO!! PLEASE STOP, NO!” you scream. “That’s how we get her to open her slutty mouth for our cocks”, the guard slapped your lips again, adding to the stinging, swollen sensation. They all laugh at the image of you spread, helpless. You’ve never taken in multiple men and cocks at once either. For being a whore, your experiences were fairly limited to oral or vaginal, which was enough for most simple minded beings to get off on. Sometimes even undressing was enough to make simple creatures cum. “PLEASE STOP, GET OFF ME, I HAVE NOTHING, ARGHHHHH!!” you yell louder, hoping someone else would hear. “Keep quiet slut,” the guard inserted his blaster into your mouth, tensing up your entire body. One wrong move or remark could be your end here. The other guard used his blaster to part your cunt lips and slowly began moving the blaster in and out, making your body secrete lubrication in attempts to protect itself from the blaster's immense size. “That’s it. Look at her get wet!” A small group of guards gathered, cheering and watching you get fucked by their weapons. Tears filled the corners of your eyes as you complied with the assault. The guard playing with your mouth sat on his knees and pulled out his bulging erection. You try to move your face away, but he forces your mouth around it. "Uunnnnnngg yes, take my cock in your mouth you fucking whore," he moaned, directing your head up and down his cock. Meanwhile the other guard ramps up the pace of the blaster fucking your cunt. The weapon’s size is painfully stretching your cunt. You try to scream through the cock forcing its way down your windpipe. “THAT’S IT, FUCK OUR WEAPONS YOU SLUT!” he yells. The rest of the gang watches the two men continue to assault you, cheering them on. Suddenly, through the commotion, you feel a vibration on the concrete floor. The vibrations grow and a looming presence enter the space. Without warning, the guards are flung against the wall, floating in mid-air, choking, struggling to breathe. The figure steps towards them and pulls out a glowing red lightsaber, sparking with static. You cough and take deep breaths and roll yourself up despite being tied from behind and keep out of the way of the electrifying weapon. “I don’t remember granting a prisoner showcase.” His mask has no eyes, but you can tell his stare is filled with rage. “Com-commander, w-we”, the guards watching fled while the three guards who were leading the assault on you attempt to explain themselves. “SILENCE!” with the boom of his command, the fiery saber skewered across each of their necks, burning them instantly, splattering blood across the cell walls, leaking into the concrete’s craters. But he wasn’t done there, he took several violent slashes at their bodies to destroy them beyond recognition. Holy shit. You’ve never seen anyone killed like that before, let alone with a lightsaber. The cloaked figure turned to you, turning off the lightsaber. He paused in silence, staring in your direction. Perhaps it was the cell’s walls or the recent violation of your body, but his stature is more impressive than you remember. You cower in the corner, clutching your clothes. You can only muster a small whisper through your blushing face, embarrassed and reeling from the witnessed assault, “ t-thank you .” “No permission granted to speak", he commanded, “you will be examined before interrogation.” One stormtrooper stood guard as another one undid your wrists. You can feel the cloaked figure’s presence infiltrating your head, a sense of pain and dread replaced with a temporary sense of calm. He killed your assaulters and while you appreciate that, you wish the assault never happened in the first place. “Take 2914782 to the medbay immediately. I want a full medical examination completed. No exceptions. ” “Yes, Commander Ren,” the stormtroopers nodding in response. As quickly as he entered into the fury, he disappeared. Your curiosity about Commander Ren only heightened. He spared your life not once, but intervened three times. What does he want? the thoughts continue to run across your mind. The stormtroopers guided you out of the cell to the opposite direction. The further he seemed away, the more the pain, dread, and anxiety rose. Notes: Rough time for Readerchan :( Thanks for reading-- I appreciate and love your kudos and comments <3 you can follow me on tumblr @alexandriabloom. After the next couple chapters, I will probably go to updating maybe once a week. I had a lot of stuff crafted already, so that's why it seems I can get a lot out now. ANYWAY, stay sweet -Alexandria next time: examine & interrogate Will things get better? It’s called Star Wars not Star Peace. But eventually yes, it will. Chapter 4 : The Examination & The Interrogation Summary: Commander Kylo Ren ordered a medical examination for you then you face interrogation. Notes: This chapter is more "plot" development than porn/smut. CHAPTER SPECIFIC TAGS not in main tags yet medical fetish, slight lesbian dubcon action, dubcon And apologies in advance for dropped words or errors. I will go back through and edit all these in the near future. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) *** *** *** The first sight of the ship was overwhelming enough, but now walking through the vast halls and open spaces of this station only exacerbated that feeling. In the moment, you’d rather crawl into a hole, but there was nowhere to hide, even if you wanted to. As you make your way down the corridor, every eye could be felt on your body. Even the group of faceless stormtroopers marching like robots. Activity and purpose seemed to fill every body walking by. Did they all know who you were? "To the right,” the trooper’s mechanical voice ordered. Warm, welcoming lighting filled the the medbay. A calming sense fell over you to be out of the bustling hallways of the fortress. “2914782?” the nurse asks. Your minders gestured you to respond. “That...that would be me,” you answer tentatively. “Orders from Commander Ren. 2914782. Full medical. No exceptions.” “Of course. Please stand guard at the door. I don’t anticipate any problems.” The troopers release you and guide you into the examination room. The nurse closes the door behind them. “Hello 2914782, I’m Aranpt and I will be conducting your medical examination today. How are you?” she asks while putting on gloves. “I-I’m here?” you respond, taking in the sights of the room’s impressive wall of cabinets and making your way to the padded examination table. “Oh, I’m sorry. Force of habit. I’m used to seeing personnel, not prisoners. They have a separate medical team.” “Am I in the wrong place?” you ask, confused. “Oh no, you’re in the right place for sure”, she laughs adding, “Commander Ren himself ordered a full medical examination. It’s not typical for any prisoners to be up here, let alone him requesting anything from us for one.” She kept tapping away on data pad. Your mind flashes back to the cloaked figure, “Commander Ren. Who is he? What is he going to do to me?” You could hear the nurse’s thoughts. It was written across her face probably eliminate you like most of the prisoners, maybe torture you first. “Is-is he going to hurt me?” you add to your questions. She laughs, hands you several pills and a cup of water, gesturing to take them. “You might need to know who he is first. Commander Kylo Ren is one of our leaders, maybe the leader. Though he and General Hux seem to battle it out.” What the fuck did I just swallow? “Does everyone have those...swords?” you ask. “Ohhh so you’ve seen that?” she begins pulling out different bottles and tubes from the cabinets. “Commander Ren’s lightsaber is a special weapon. Supposedly, he built it himself. Only he has anything close to that. General Hux is a bit more...theoretical military based, lots of books. And not so into the fiery weapons.” You try adding to the conversation to avoid thinking about the bruising forming around you body, “yeah, Commander Ren sounds...a bit mysterious.” The nurse’s voice lowers, “a bit mystical is more like it. I’ve seen him freeze men in place and choke them from several feet away.” She notices your face and quickly changes tone, “not every interrogation ends in elimination. If I were you, I would offer to serve the First Order from the get go. It works.” She pulls out a long silver stick with a light on one end and begins examining your face. Should I make small talk while she’s prodding me? you think. “I saw him do it.” “Do what?” she asks, looking around your scalp. “What you said-- freeze them in place, choke them, before he pulled out the...lightsaber--ow!” you move instinctively. “You have a bruise forming back here, at the base of your neck. Sorry. About touching it.” No shit lady , you think to yourself. “I am going to apply this cream. It will burn, but should help.” You feel her hand begin applying the cream before her sentence even finishes and within seconds, the base of your neck feels like a scalding hot burn sinking deep into your skin. You gasp, gripping the edge of the examination table. “I’ve had big bad troopers scream when that was applied. You’re a tough cookie.” “I’ve been through worse”, your fingertips slowly loosen as you become accustom to the burning sensation. The nurse goes back her datapad, typing furiously. “Will he do that to me?” “If I am entirely honest”, you brace while she pauses, “no. I don’t think so. He sent you to me after all, so I think he wants you alive.” She continued typing information into her datapad, half ignoring your worries. “You have extensive bruising, but the rest of your faculties seem fine. I unfortunately cannot give you anything for the psychological trauma because of interrogation rules.” Great. Awesome. “But afterwards-,” she begins again. “Assuming there is an afterwards”, you interject. “Afterwards”, she replies with more forceful assurance, “I will see to it personally you get some mind relief. I promise.” You let out a sigh, not like I have much control in here anyway, may as well accept it . “I appreciate it. So are we done now?” you glance nervously at the door, afraid of the other side, but also eager to end the exam. “Oh no, sorry. That was the routine examination aspects. We have to do a vaginal and anal examination as well.” “We. Have to?” “We have to...especially given your occupation”, she adds, nonchalantly. Great. Just what I wanted. “Does everyone know that about me?” asking the question you already know the answer to. “It is part of your intake profile. Anyone who pulls it up would know”, she answers. “Does everyone here know about...the..incident?” “No. We tend to keep those incidents for higher security clearances.” A little relief. I guess. “Please remove your clothing and sit up here,” the nurse instructs, as she adjusts the table into a chair and pulls out two metal stirrups for your feet to sit in. You begrudgingly remove your clothing and prop yourself up on the examination contraption. Deep breaths, deep breaths, you say over and over to yourself as you close your eyes, feeling exposed as your slip your feet into the metal stirrups. “I am going to touch you know, okay?” “Okay,” you reply, keeping your deep breathing exercises steady as possible. Her gloved fingers insert and she begins to examine your parts still swollen from assault. You wince as her fingers enter you. “Hmm I see...” the nurse murmurs to herself. “Swelling, some slight tearing.” You wince again, but this time in embarrassment as you start feeling yourself get wet from the exposure and touch of the nurse. “Relax,” the nurse whispers, “your response is very good.” Her fingers move slowly in and out of your hole. “I am sorry about what happened to you,” her voice gets deeper. “It...it’s not the first time,” your breathing becomes increasingly relaxed as two of her fingers continue moving in and out at a deliberate pace, her other hand starts lightly massaging your clit. “I heard Commander Ren punished them, just so you know.” “Ooohh,” you let out a quiet moan as the rubbing becomes more pronounced. "I-I know, I saw,"you add losing your breath at the end. “I’d kill a couple of assholes for you too--you’re beautiful.” “Thank...you….ohhhhh..fu-” her hands immediately ceased action, like a faucet turned off suddenly, denying you an orgasm. Without words, she releases your feet from the stirrups and eases down part of the examination chair to make it a flat table again. “Please flip over,” she instructs. What just happened? Before you could respond, you feel your buttocks being pulled apart and a single gloved finger inserted into your rectum. “AGH!” letting out a sign of discomfort. “Not used often?” she asked with a sense of surprise. I’m a whore, not a fucking machine , you think to yourself. “Uh...no….surprisingly,” you respond with more grace than your internal monologue. The nurse removes her gloves and pulls out a new pair, grabbing a small tube off the counter. “Now this position will be uncomfortable, but gives me the best access to complete your post-event treatment. Please get up on all fours, then bend at the elbows down. I need full view of you,” she instructed. You comply, knowing it will all be over soon. “Now this will be extremely cold….you will feel a pinch,” the nurse inserted two tiny tubes into you, one in your vagina and the other in your anus. “AH----”, you gasped. Ice cold gel begins to coat the inner linings. Tingling pain shoots through as your tissue and muscle begins to tighten. Your gasp turns into a scream. “There you go-- brand new,” she smiles. “Br-brand new? What did you do to me? What the hell is that stuff??” you ask in anger. “It’s called science,” the nurse answered matter of factly, removing her gloves and tapping away on her datapad. “Again, I will see that you get mind relief. You have my word,” she hands your clothing over and types away as you get dressed. You notice her catching final peaks at you. “Just tell them everything. He will know if you don’t,” she added with a final warning. “I will. Thank you,” you say as a loud knock on the door came. “2914782. Time for interrogation.” *** *** *** *** The medbay’s calming light was now in the distance, as your single trooper escort leads you down a darker hallway. The walk seems to take forever, but at least the uber-cold tingling feeling is dissipating. If the medbay was warm and welcoming, the interrogation chambers with the opposite, cold and uninviting. The trooper pushes you in and ties you to a standing interrogation board. The room was so dark, you could barely assess the size or what was in it. “Is this really necessary?” you ask boldly. The trooper looks at you then goes back to tying you up. “Is he going to be interrogating me?” The trooper says nothing. “Not much of a talker I see.” “No, but I’ve heard you use your mouth.” It was Commander Ren. You were so focused on the trooper that you failed to notice the heavy boots or the soft stream of light that entered the room with his presence. The trooper exits the space, leaving you alone with him. “I-I WILL SERVE THE FIRST ORDER!” you blurt out. Oh great, good job self . Commander Ren stops, looks at you, and continues forward towards you. “You know him,” he says with static. “I mean it. I will serve the First Order, absolutely. And fully.” “You know him,” he states again. “K-know who?” “YOU KNOW HIM,” his voice and presence fills with anger. “I-I’m sorry I don’t understand. Who are you talking about?” you ask, afraid. “Are you always this coy with your clients cunt?” The mask hoovered mere inches for your face. You can see the worn edges and knicks from wear or combat. Clearly you already think I’m some subhuman garbage. This is not going well. “I’ve...been with many, just-just give me a name and I’ll tell you whatever you want to know.” “Dameron. Pilot Poe Dameron.” Your face changes, as soon as he utters Poe . He reads you instantly, “so, you know do him.” “Y-yes. I do but-.” You didn’t want to lie, but didn’t want to give too much away because he gave you one of the best experiences. “I’ve seen your thoughts. You’ve been with him.” “But- he was just a client at the brothel for a night. Barely a night. I hardly knew him.” “Your emotions give a lot away. What was he there for?” “I do mean it, I will serve the Fir-” “Stop. Answer my questions.” “I-I don’t know. He chose me out of the line up…” “Line up for what?” Okay, this guy clearly hasn’t been to a brothel before. “A line-up to get ...chosen..” “Chosen for Resistance work?” “No”, you respond thinking how out of touch this guy was, “chosen to spend the night with...entertaining…” “Fucking.” Oh good, you got the notes too . “Yes,” you gulp with a tinge of shame. “You fucked him for what?” Internally, you were dying on the inside, why is he so interested in this? Just tell them everything, tell him everything. “We didn’t really fuck”, you explain, “he pleasured me more than the other way around.” “I doubt that.” His posture and voice softened slightly from the more forceful tone he began with. “Well, he did. And it isn’t like I know him. It was the first time I’d even met him…” your voice trails off softer and quieter as he moves closer to your body, you could practically feel your breath bounce off against him. You continue, “then he just left in the middle of the night...” “Why didn’t you leave with him?” You contemplated the scene, trying to bring back the memories. “He- he said he didn’t have room.” “You don’t believe him.” “In my position, I shouldn’t believe anyone. Telling me whatever I want to hear, like I do to them.” “Maybe whores are smarter than we give them credit for.” You swallow deeply, “it is part of the profession.” “Are you telling me what I want to hear?” “No. You’d would probably know if I did anyway.” A silence hung between you both like he didn’t know how to respond. You didn’t know whether he was going to lash out violently and kill you in one choke or make you faint with one hand wave again. “He left you. What did he take instead?” The Commander’s presence was unnerving, but oddly comforting. It’s the person you’d seen the most of in the recent hours. Maybe it was just the exhaustion from the day, but you were ready to hand over any and every thing to this masked figure. “He left with a droid.” “A droid?” “Yeah, a BB unit you know one of those ones shaped like a-” He interrupts, “...I know what a BB-unit looks like.” Uhm yeah you used some mystical force powers to choke people, I should have assumed you knew what a BB unit looks like. “Well. It started making noises and he just..left.” With those words you recalled the memory, watching Poe in your mind hold your head and kiss you. “You feel guilt. Do you work for the Resistance?” “No. I will serv-” you attempt to respond. “The First Order. As you’ve said...answer my question,” he demands. You take a deep calming breath, “I do not work for the Resistance. Poe...never mentioned the Resistance or if he is part of it. Just that he’s a pilot-” He snapped back with the same sharp tone and fierceness he began the inquisition, “we know you were born to rebels, do not lie to us.” “I am telling you, I have no allegiance to the Resistance. I-I don’t even like them…” your voice filling with hurt. Please believe me, please believe me, please believe me. “I will judge that.” He raises his hand and an overwhelming force begins to pull and pulsate your temples. It feels as if someone was rummaging through your mind, traveling through each year of your life looking for the painful, anxiety filled, and forgotten memories. In the moment you were blank, helpless to stop it, your whole body lurches forward, placing pressure on the restraints tying you down. Suddenly, you were jolted back from the sparks of your mind to the interrogation chamber. “AHHHhhhh…” you let out in an automatic vocal. “The Resistance used you. But it appears without your knowledge,” the tone in his modulated voice changed. “Used me?” you questioned. “The threat from you can be classified as eliminated, ” he turns away from you, heading towards a datapad on the wall. “A-are you going to kill me now?” preparing yourself mentally for your doom. Maybe I’m not a threat anymore because I’m about to face a red laser to the body, you think. The cloaked statue looks back at you. “No.” With that response, the ties binding you to the interrogation board loosen simultaneously. “Am...I...free to leave?” you ask, looking around the room bewildered. “No. You’ll be serving the First Order now. You’ll be of use to us, unless you decide to become a traitor. But...”, the mask turns back to you, “...you’ve given your word.” You sighed, momentarily relieved, but then you think back to the incident from earlier today, doing ...what...exactly? Almost as if he heard your mind, he responds back to his command tone, “none of what you do from here is of concern to me.” He turns away from you, heading to the exit. “C-commander Ren?” you ask, immediately regretting you brief bravery to speak up. Turning back, he acknowledges your request. He pauses, “the guards will show you to the servant quarters.” “Thank you,” you whisper, bowing your head slightly in deference. Questions and anxieties begin racing through your mind. Instead of leaving the room, he walks steadily towards you. His massive figure looming over you. Your smaller stature barely meets his chest. You aren’t looking at his mask, just the black fabric torso invading your space. His helmet and voice lowers down to you, “do not mistake any kindness or acts of goodwill towards you as weakness.” He leaves you there and with no further words, as he exits the room. You close your eyes and take in the last moments of your exchange with him. “2914782?” a voice from the hallway calls. “Yes?” you respond. “What is your name?” *** Notes: Thank you for reading!! The next chapters will have an increased smut factor (isn't that what you're here for? Only me? Bueller?) Anyway, thanks for all your kudos and love! follow me on tumblr @alexandriabloom stay sweet! <3alexandria Next Chapter: Fish Out of Water Welcome to your new life. Smut Happens. Chapter 5 : Fish Out of Water Summary: Your first day in your new life as not a prostitute or prisoner but...a laundry worker with a case of haunting dream. Notes: CHAPTER SPECIFIC TAGS General Hux, humiliation, dreams again, apologies beforehand with any mistakes or errors I've made. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “I’m (Y/N),” you taste the words fully in your reply. You were starting to get used to the number. “Follow me,” the officer picks up pace and you hurry to follow along, your body still sore and aching for the day. “Welcome to the Finalizer, commanded by the First Order. We are lead by Supreme Leader Snoke and believe in order and stability that leads to progress.” “....so who was-” “Kylo Ren? Commander Kylo Ren? He is the right hand to Supreme Leader Snoke. General Armitage Hux leads our military commands. Best to stay out of their way.” Got it, you think. You both stride past a sparking wall with several molten slices through the control panels. Technicians were hurriedly fixing the wall. “That is why you should stay out Ren’s way. He has a...temper.” “Noted,” you look over your shoulder, back at the technicians working. “The floors down that wing above us are all military and special command. You are never to enter in that area, clear?” “Yes. Clear.” “Down this wing are general quarters and below us is where you will be located. In the servant quarters.” You nod along, following him down several flights of stairs and through a long hallway with strips of lights illuminating the floor. “Place your hand on the screen”, as he directed you, the door slid open to reveal a small quarters space, “doing that will unlock the quarters.” He continues, “your belongings are placed here, along with your First Order issued data pad.” “So. What will I be doing, exactly, every day? I’m not military trained...” “Laundry. No one mistook you for a military background.” That obvious, eh? He walks over to grab the datapad off the small desk in the corner, “the datapad communicates your daily schedule to you. Because you were taken in as a prisoner, you are on LOH, limited outside hours for the time being. You are only permitted to leave your quarters during the stated times on your schedule. Understood?” “Yes. Understood” “Touching the scheduled item will direct you to the most efficient route to where you need to be. I recommend not deviating from the assigned route. You must also wear this tracking pin, except for showering and at the request of any Commander,” he says, handing you a tiny metal pin with the First Order’s insignia. “Understood.” “You report to Officer Tanomas Yassirk at 0500.” " Understood”, you reply, taking the datapad from the officer’s hands. He exits with the door shuttering behind him, leaving you to examine the quarters on your own. Despite being a servant, the space wasn’t nearly as small as your planet’s. You had a personal kitchen area, already stocked with meal ration bars and various liquids you’ve never seen before, a small desk, a refresher, a closet with your uniform pieces already hung, and a slightly bigger bed than you were used to. It wasn’t a grandiose fucking room with golden tub, but it was more than you’d ever have previously. No alcohol though , you think to yourself, wishing now more than ever to be drunk out of your mind. Along the wall, you noticed a slat with a handle. Walking over to it, you push it aside, fearing what you might see. It reveals a small porthole looking out to space. You lose your breath for a moment, taking in the sight of a million specks of light flickering against the blackened space. In the closet, you notice your canvas bag you fled with. Excited to see a piece of home, you rip it open. “Coins. Accounted for. Clothes. Here. Necklace…” Your crystal necklace from your original homeland was missing. It was the only possession you had left from your former, former life. Ugh, they probably stole it , you presume. It wasn't a big deal, all things considered since your life was in tact, but it was still yours. The LOH restricted your travel outside until morning, so you wash up and head to sleep. *** “You want to serve the First Order?” “Yes...I want to serve the First Order.” You are sitting on your knees on the floor, fully naked across the pitch black room from Kylo Ren. You recognize the modulated voice and see the glints of silvery chrome outlining his mask from the bare bit of light between you two. “Then serve the First Order,” he commands. “How can I?” you ask. “Come to me,” he orders. You crawl across the room in submission. Feeling the slick cool floor under your fingertips. You can feel his eyes gazing on your form. “Yes, come to me and serve the First Order,” he continues to direct you. He is sitting on a wide throne-esque chair, legs apart. You resume your seated position in front of him, bowing your head. “I will serve you,” you answer. A gloved hair touches your face from your ear and slowly moves along your jaw then across your cheek to your reddened lips. You feel the rough cloth across every pore. When his fingers scrawl across your lips, your eyes look up to his masked face. “You will,” he responds, pulling his robes aside to reveal his huge cock. “Serve the First Order,” he commands, rubbing his cock’s length with his free hand and guiding your face towards it with his other. Bryank - bryank - vbeep vbeep Vbeep VBeep VBEeep VBEEp VBEEP VBEEP VBEEP BRRYYANNNKKK ! The datapad alarm sounds, startling you awake from your dream. What the fuck was that about, you think silencing the pad. The alarm was unnerving, but there was no sun or moon cycle to help you keep time while out in the darkness of space, so better get used to it. *** You throw on the black uniform as quickly as you can, realizing you've lost precious seconds going over the dream in your head instead of preparing for the day. The outfit is form-fitted, but even with the high neckline, the black top accentuates your predominate chest. Gods, it is like no one has breasts here . You try to stretch it out to make it roomier, but it seems to only constrict your figure further. You leave your hair up in your typical high ponytail with long braid. No time to change that now . On your way out the door, you stab your finger on the tracking pin while attaching it to your top. FUCK, Where am I going to run to anyway, really? The void outside? you think; grabbing the datapad, it is time for your first day in your new life on board. The hallways are a maze. This ship is probably larger than my whole town , you ponder as the overwhelmingness of the space gets to you. The halls contain a massive amount of humans and creatures walking around with purpose while your head was in your pad, closely following the little triangle with your coordinates in real time. In the flurry of activity, you run smack into a large figure wearing a coat, tripping and dropping your datapad at their feet. “Are you lost?” the man asks in a not so helpful, but terse tone. “I-I’m so s-sorry, it is my first day, I-I’m trying to find my way,” stammering and grabbing your data pad, you notice not just the long coated man’s boots, but the second pair next to it with the long cloak. Oh fuck. Oh fuck. Good job, way to start your day! Didn't you want to see the person you dreamed about sucking their cock first thing in the morning?? “Stand up, regain control of yourself.” “Again, I apologize Commander Ren and ,” you look for his nametag somewhere or hope divine intervention will help you out in that moment. “General Hux,” he responded, annoyed. “Yes, right, General Hux,” you awkwardly bow, then stand up stiffly at attention not knowing what to do. Your body begins shaking with anxiety. His skin was nearly as pale as your own, but his red hair was a bit brighter than yours. Just then, as you are examining his face, he lets out a loud laugh. Then he stares with intensity at you, reaching out to touch your long braid. He moves it from your back to your front, draping it across your chest. Weaving his fingers down its length, he stops slowly over your breasts to feel them up. “Is this slutty slave hair your personal preference? Is it a signal that you’ll fuck anything?” Your cheeks flush with embarrassment and you try not to let the water out of your eyes from the humiliation. You could sense every passerby taking in the scene of Hux's hands across your chest and asking if you'll fuck anything. “Answer. Me. Is it a signal that you’ll fuck anything?” he asks again. “N-no. I-I ran out of time this morning to-,” you feel a slight sense of calm rush over your body, quieting your shaking and tears. “Watch your walking path. I’d hate to institute a disciplinary action on your first day.” “Yes, General. I will. I promise.” “Dismissed.” You head off down the hallway on your way to the laundry bay, unsure if your cheeks were still red from being humiliated by General Hux or flustered in the presence of Commander Ren, as your dreams continues to swim in your head. You finally find your location and a man greets you at the door. He must be your boss, Tanomas Yassirk. “Hi I’m--,” you go to shake hands with the man at the door. Before you could say your name, he interjects, “late. Your schedule is changed to a double shift now as punishment.” “Right, well I ran into General Hux and Commander Ren..um..literally.” “There’s no record of that input,” he responds, flatly. “Well I did. And you could ask them you know,” you respond with more forward sass in your voice. He moves closer into your personal space, “are you asking me to go to the two heads of the First Order and ask them if a laundry whore ran into them in the hallway and made you late for your duties?” You attempt to explain, “well, when you...” “If you are late another day this week and your excuse isn’t there was an attack against this ship and regime, I will make sure that they personally punish you for your flagrant violations.” “Got it,” you reply with acceptance. He glanced down at your and relaxed his shoulders a bit. “Have you worked in laundry before?” Maybe he hasn’t seen your work history. “Not in a formal capacity. But I am familiar with the process.” “Can you mend and hem garments?” “Uhm yes, I know the basics.” “Very well. You will spend your first shift in the cleaning division. We clean all the linens: uniforms, sheets, and so forth. And your second shift, you will spend in the repair division. I will assign you a partner in each shift. They will oversee your work. If your work is unsatisfactory, you will receive a disciplinary remark. Once you hit three disciplinary remarks, you will receive a disciplinary action.” “Okay.” “For your knowledge, you already have one disciplinary remark.” “B-BUT I EXPLA-” “Two now. One additional for talking back to authority.” You settle down, taking a deep breath and holding in any further reaction. “Shri-Lan Kirra will oversee your first shift, Otara Sindal will oversee your second shift. I will periodically check your progress. Understood?” “Yes. I mean, understood,” you respond, following him back to the cleaning division’s space. You roll up your hair into one larger bun, not wanting any further remarks on your looks. Tanomas directs you to your work space and points out Shri-Lan Kirra. She is a tall, gangly thin woman with a sallow greying face and harsh features and clipped short blonde hair in a similar style to General Hux. “You must be (Y/N),” Shri-Lan says. “Yes, that is my name. You must be Shri-Lan Kirra,” you respond, hoping to dodge a confrontation for once this morning. “Cleaning is simple. Separate the garments, input to the wash vets and input the codes accordingly. When they are done, put a new load in, then fold and organize the cleaned items. It is hardly hyperspace science, I bet even a dumb, pretty girl like yourself could do it. Maybe you could even move up the ranks without sleeping with the boss if you’re good enough.” “Thank you,” you respond. Avoid confrontation, avoid confrontation, you repeat internally. “But I don’t plan on it.” “They all say that,” she replies, leaving you to your station. You could just space out for several hours, focused on cleaning and folding. At your stated mealtime, you follow the crew down to the cafeteria. The room was abuzz with chatter and gossip about various people and officers. You follow the line and grab a tray filled with all sorts of food you’ve never seen before. Heading over to an empty table, you sit down, and dig your fingers into the meal, piecing it apart and inspecting every bite, with a confused look on your face. Then you hear a round of a laughter. You hadn’t noticed while examining your food so closely that nearly half of the room was watching you like an anthropological experiment. “Ever hear of utensils, greysor?” another worker from the laundry bay laughs and throws utensils onto your table. But your appetite disappears. You toss your food into trash bins and head back to your workspace while fighting back tears. Once you put in another load in the wash vat and begin to fold the freshly clean items, you let out tears, hoping the machine will cover up the sounds of your sobs. I don’t belong here. I don’t belong anywhere. “(Y/N)?” “I’m Otara and I don’t cut slack for whores like you,” the short woman responded. She was much shorter than yourself, but had the same gaunt, sallow look as Shri-Lan. Laundry does that to a person, you suppose. Why does eveyone think I am going to whore myself out of here?? “Follow the directions in the manual for consistency”, she says, laying out a large binder on the worktable,”for items with a gold ticket attached, bring them to our attention. We don’t want your inexperience fucking up the high ranks.” That’s the last sentence Otara mutters to you as she walks back to her worktable several rows down. For the next meal break, you hide in the public refresher, eating a meal ration bar by yourself, then head back to work. When the next shift comes, you feel a small sense of relief knowing you won’t be made fun of or called a monkey-like creature. By the time the second shift is complete, your fingers feel tight and numb. The halls were less busy, so you make it back to your quarters without running into someone, thankfully. A small package sits outside your door. You snatch it up quickly and scan your hand to enter your quarters. You rip it open with a note inside. To: Y/N From: Aranpt, as promised It contains several mind relief pills and a small bottle of Corellian brandy. “May the gods bless you, Aranpt” you say, undressing. You take a single pill and swig of the brandy. You drift off to sleep quickly, to be expected as your aching bones and reeling mind simply want to shutdown after the day you’ve experienced. *** “You want to serve the First Order?” a voice calls out to you. “Yes...I want to serve the First Order,” you respond, with confidence. Your hands are tied up above your head limiting your mobility. Naked in the same black room as before. You recognize the modulated voice behind you, only you can’t see it because your eyes are covered with a black cloth. “Then serve the First Order,” he commands. “How can I?” you ask, whispering softly. “Come to me,” he orders. You suddenly feel two gloved hands run the length of your body. “I will serve you,” you answer. A soft moan escapes from your breath as his leather gloved hands glide across your nipples, exciting them,. “You will,” his voice responds and you feel a hard bulge against your sex. “Serve the First Order,” he commands, rubbing his cock’s length against your dripping cunt, pulling your body close into his. Bryank - bryank - vbeep vbeep Vbeep VBeep VBEeep VBEEp VBEEP VBEEP VBEEP BRRYYANNNKKK The datapad alarm sounds, startling you up in your bed. Your eyes alert themselves wide open. You're sweating and breathing heavily, then feel a chill in the air. Why do I keep dreaming of him? you ask yourself, opening the porthole to gaze out into the darkness. Notes: That was fun, right? Next chapter: New Day Turns to Night This next chapter will probably take me a few days to do. Again, thanks for all of your comments and kudos, I appreciate it a lot! stay sweet <3alexandria Notes: Thanks for reading my first chapter! This was Poe heavy (listen we haven’t met Kylo Ren yet!) Poe will appear again. I’m not sure in the timeline where I want this yet or have it all mapped out, except for the first few chapters. I appreciate your feedback <3 you can follow me on tumblr @alexandriabloom. I hope to post the next chapter VERY soon. Next Chapter: The Invasion, will our beloved reader-chan stay safe? Spoiler: nah. We have "plot" to develop after all!