"Shit." No gun. Rocket launcher, really. No ship. Like she could bring one into this dark, tiny, ominous interrogation chamber anyway. No radio. To call General Amari. General Mom, in reality. "Shit." Because her ass needs to be saved right now. And Fareeha's guessing the only person who would do such a thing is her mother, planets away with a full deployment of squadrons awaiting her call. Yeah. Her radio's on the ship. Which is pretty much destroyed. She sighs and curses under her breath. She took the risk. She took it, knowing her mother might not be able to save her if she was caught. Knowing that no matter how much her mother wanted her to stay safe in the base, Fareeha did it on her own accord and for the Resistance. For her mother, her general. Cue back to Bad Memory #602. Her rocket launcher being shot out of her hand, an amount of 12% functionality compromised to her beloved Pharah's system, and the feeling of gravity weighing in as she falls into the clutches of the First Order. Before that, losing Reinhardt in the village. Escaping through trooper-villager warfare, all while cradling a digital map in the form of a small chip that he gave her slipped in her Pharah suit, in the pocket below the undercarriage for ammo. Which had also been retrieved into custody in the First Order's hands. It's not like it's her first time being captured. Just the first time she's alone and unarmed and hopeless. But she's relieved. Slightly. The worse of it she expected is gone, and there's probably a little more worse to come, back the creepy masked man in an extremely long black hood and cape is gone. Fareeha's just glad to forget to sound of cracking knuckles with unusually perfectly manicured claws. Fareeha leans her head back on the entrapment. The silver metal bands somehow tightening every time she squirms in her position. The trooper by her side standing guard barely moves. Stone cold still, the Talon sub-squadron insignia emblazoned on their shoulder alongside the First Order badge. A rank lower than the one she recently caught eye of. She recalls the interrogation. "I didn't know we had the best pilot in the Resistance on board." Fareeha lowers her chin, her sweat-slicked jaw matting her hair to her neck, to meet her gaze to the cloaked figure. His own insignia as 1/3 of Talon's head-squadron operatives rests on the guns strapped to his waist. "Comfortable?" He asks. "Not really." Fareeha grunts. The figure emerges closer. His soft breathing something akin to what Fareeha has always imagined shadows to sound like. "Tell me where the map is." He growls, but it's a soft growl. "No." "The map was with you. Tell me where it is." "No." "Give it up. I know the Resistance isn't with or for the Soldier." Fareeha closes her mouth. "I know that some of you in your little teenage rebellious phases would like to see him burn too," He says, crossing his arms, tightly wound. "He doesn't deserve this safety and you don't owe him. Anything." She doesn't say anything. Doesn't feel anything. She remembers her mother, laughing about all the times she saved Jack Morrison in Rebellion missions. Morrison, himself, always ruffling Fareeha's hair and saying 'how she'll catch a real man's eye soon.' Never her favorite. Less even, when he blew up the Resistance headquarters in a foolish, foolish fight that scarred Fareeha. Alongside him. Gabe. Uncle Gabe. Fareeha doesn't even want to think anymore. But her mother wanted her to do this mission. For the chance of finding out if, if, one of her boys was the good one out of the fight. Fareeha gives her answer. "No. Not in the name of General Ana Amari and the Resistance." "Amari. Hm." A low rumble of a hum emits from the dark shadow under the hood. Fareeha narrows her eyes and flexes her jaw. "I knew of the legends of Pharah," The man hisses, "But now I recognize you. Who else could possibly be that reputable and not be the spawn of Ana Amari?" The pilot in entrapment listens. Waits for something more she wants to hear, but can barely figure out what it is. "I finally know who you are under that mask." Fareeha almost laughs, but all that comes out is a breathy pant. "Says you, under that bird mask." The man stops. Pauses. He reaches to claw at his face, slightly tipping his chin to expose it under the weak light from the walls. His bone carved mask gaunts the sunken curves of his face behind. He motions to take it off. Fareeha barely breathes. He doesn't. His talons retract back to a cross of his arms. "Owl mask." Fareeha swallows. Owls. She once knew a man who loved them. Told her stories of them, the ones who flew above him at night in Mexico, as a child, as she was when he told her. What she thought of, who she thought of, when she took flight at the helm of Pharah. That man was dead. Dead to her at least. Maybe she hoped for less. "You'll crack." The words ring in Fareeha's ears. "I know you will." Something in his voice tells him he knew how that felt. "You'll crack, Fareeha. It's a promise." He snarls, and all Pharah can feel is the obvious ghost of a sneer behind the mask. The obvious ghost of the way he said her name. Broken and unloving. Like it was supposed to be loving. Real. Fatherly. Maybe if the man did take off the mask, maybe Fareeha would've seen the face under, mouthing 'I'm sorry, I'm sorry,' over and over again. Maybe she would break down, at the sight of the scars and hurt etched into his face. But he doesn't take of the mask. He won't. Her heart starts to pound with confusion and sudden guilt, but she doesn't know what it's coming from, until- until- The shadows around the cloaked figure start to emerge. His own shadow, unnaturally large, grows, smoke and wisps of dark matter brushing up into the air. The shadows licking up the walls, close to engulfing her start echo his breathing that she can't tell if it borders a laugh or cry. She can't tell if it's her own cries. The shadows consume Fareeha. Then she wakes. She wakes to the trooper stationed beside her, mumbling under his breath, a repeated list of unrelated duties to do. She wakes with a breathless gasp and forced panting. Her memories more like a dream now. The shackles bracing her in seem to burn more than before. The chamber's door slides open next with a satisfying hiss. A amount of blinding light from the hallway's strips of light on the walls pierce into Fareeha's eyes. A woman enters. A hard-set face half covered by a reflect-able visor, with glowing blue pods of light on her temples. All Fareeha sees of her eyes are of her own, staring at the mirror of a visor. "Reaper wants the prisoner." She smoothly announces, posture casual but strong, voice soft but demanding. Fareeha's immediately intimidated. She hates that about this situation. The trooper beside her stares. Supposedly, through his helmet. "When was- the order made?" "The First Order was created in the decades after the fall of the Empire. I thought all low-rank troopers were given history lessons." She snaps back. Fareeha purses her lips. There's no reason for this. The guard trooper only scoffs. "Whatever. Take her." He smacks the switch behind the entrapment, and the restraints crushing Fareeha's wrists, chest, legs, and arms release to finally let her breath. She almost stumbles to the floor, only to be somehow swiftly seized at the shoulder by the woman now teleported from the door. Fareeha immediately courses to another stumble when the woman grabs her shoulder even harder, her grip tightening, and somehow obviously for the show of power to the muttering trooper behind them. They exit out the door, and Fareeha catches a glimpse of the insignia branded on the visor's wings at her temple. Vishkar head-squadron. High in command too, if Fareeha remembers how the system of hexagon formations worked in ranking. She bites her lip. Why would the architect division of a ruthless dictatorship want a pilot with a map? She stares at her captor in the corner of her sight. She almost doesn't notice the sudden motion but now relaxed grip on her shoulder in the sparsely populated hallway. Then the woman finally pulls her into a gap of a cramped closet in the wall, unexpectedly, Fareeha flailing to make sense of the gap in the wall she barely noticed. The architect faces her, her forehead only reaching a little over Fareeha's chin in height. Closer now, face to face, she can see that barely any of her face shows. But the glass visor seems to slowly buzz, little almost invisible pixels swirling like a ocean. Fareeha isn't a fool to recognize that the visor's only supposed to cover her eyes, not her nose and upper lip. Still, it doesn't stop her from jerking when the visor slinks back to her eyes as she would suspect it to. Then the muddle of dark blue pixels clear to a soft transparent blue tinted glass. The eyes behind them are soft, her face still beautifully knotted in exertion, and Fareeha hates to think so. "This-" The woman breathes, and Fareeha watches her nose twitch in what she deems to be nervousness. "This is a rescue." Fareeha mind jumps too her first thought. She's safe. "What? Are you with the Resistance?" Fareeha asks. Her heart chilling to confusion, she watches the woman shake her head in rushed emotion. "No- this is a rescue." Fareeha looks out into the hallway, fumbling for words. "What- General Amari didn't send you?" "Who? No- I'm saving you." She whispers. But the woman pulls a face, the kind of face you can't describe, mixed with desperation but the desire for some kind of freedom. Fareeha feels the pang in her heart signal her to trust the uniformed architect. "I need a pilot. I- we need to escape soon, and statistically, the only safe way we could do that is to pilot a ship out of here." She continues, her headpiece starting to crackle with a foreign language. Her eyes seem to widen and frantically dart around. "We need to go, now." Fareeha just nods. And smiles. "I'll be your pilot." The woman stops. "You can fly?" "Anything." Fareeha promises. The smile, blazing in the dark closet, worming its way into Fareeha's heart, flashes quickly under the soft glow of blue pods of light on her temples. "We must go." The smile quickly says. She hesitantly powers off her headpiece, but decides otherwise and turns her visor back on. She flexes her arm in almost artistically smooth movements to conjure up a wave of blue light pixels to slide over Fareeha's wrists. They feel like clunky bracelets, Fareeha thinks, nodding her chin down to stare at them. "They're for show," She explains, "Tap your wrists together and they become restraints." At Fareeha's final nod, she grabs Fareeha's embarrassingly clammy hand in hers and leads her out of the room. Fareeha revels in the moment for a while. But the hand swiftly slips out of her grasp and into a firm grip on her shoulder blades, and tightly claws in deeper when a squadron of troopers pass them, guns cocked against their chests, and postures deceivingly perfect. Fareeha complies to tap her wrists together, to watch blue light slip between her hands and tie them together comfortably. The wind out of the hallway and into a few more passageways, twisting finally into a hanger of orderly formations of troopers and docking spacecrafts, and even though Fareeha believes in victory for the Resistance with all her heart, her heart can't help but crumble a little at the sight of all the armada. "You can do this. This is right. It's okay- it's oka-" "I'm fine." Fareeha mumbles, confused by the sudden support in what seems to better not said in a dangerous place. "I was talking to myself.'' Her rescuer whisper, a wavering hint of embarrassment lacing her trembling words. Fareeha knows she shouldn't do so, but she turns her head to smile and mouth, "Don't worry." She would offer a hand squeeze but her hands remain locked together for reasons of deception and not to mess up first impressions. But Fareeha turns back around before she can catch the smile on the architect's face. Defected architect, she reminds herself. The static of loud radio buzz coursing through the air around them and heat travelling amongst them from the spacecrafts continues on as if the moment of exchange between prisoner and (false) captor never happened. "This way." The woman behind her suddenly snaps again, and they swivel around behind an army and lineup of smaller spacecrafts, pulled to a close huddle behind the corner of the wall. "We need to get one of those ships," She murmurs, "I'll check for troopers while you try to figure out how to work one." Fareeha nods. Looks and wonders at the confidence she now emits posed to the needless worrying before. "Go down there." The woman whispers in Fareeha's ear, and meets Fareeha's gaze to avert them in the planned direction. "I don't know the clearance codes, but you'll find the them on a panel." She nods in compliance, and turns from the hand on her shoulder to walk down the small gap of an empty alley behind the line of warships. Fareeha scans her surroundings, through the space between the spacecrafts showcasing the traffic on the other side of the First Order. Then back to the woman who saved her, at the end of the path she came from, tapping at her headpiece and fashioning a panel of information too far and backward for Fareeha to read. And Fareeha already knows she scanning the area behind her opaque visor, the memory of her brown eyes ingrained into Fareeha's mind. She knows she's looking back when Fareeha spots the tilt of the head and the trace of the most genuine smile. Back to the clearance codes. Fareeha slinks down the rest of the alley, stopping at a panel, like the architect described. She crouches down to slide it open, to a screen buzzing with clearance codes matched to spacecraft identities. Then she spots it. Pharah, her Pharah, contained in the guarded room down the hallway beside the panel. Her suit, her fighting power. Fareeha swallows and undoubtedly, regretfully, runs for it. She elbows the trooper in front of her, their back turned and collapsing under shock and Fareeha's brute force, and crumbles to the ground. Fareeha snatches the blaster once cradled in their arms, now slipping out of their groaning grasp, and aims it to blast the trooper in the leg. Their grunts and yelling awakens the guards in front of her. Fareeha only thinks, her rocket blaster would do so much better in decimating these troopers. She aims and hits at each trooper, narrowing dodging their counter attacks herself, pressing her back against walls to catch her breath in quick chances to reevaluate her actions. Fareeha pants, her chest heaving under the pressure. She can hear the footsteps of what seems to be a whole squadron readying for her attack. She closes her eyes. Maybe it's cheesy, but she thinks of her mother. Jesse, his means of loving her as a big brother. Khalil, his captaincy at her side, and Genji, even though she didn't know him well. Hell, even Jack and Angela. And Uncle Gabe. Gabe. Father. Her mother once more, because she deserves as much. And for some reason, her savior, with the messy tied up hair under her headpiece and soft brown eyes and smile. She opens her eyes to turn and attack. She doesn't anticipate the same lovely brown eyes to be squinting in frustration beside her, framed by now loose black hair cascading down shoulders. She definitely doesn't anticipate her to curse and shoot back at the troopers shooting back at her. Fareeha watches the photon projector in her hand twist and convulse to release a pulsing blue orb. To destroy a squadron of troopers to collapse to their feet, smoking and crackling from what seems to be energy. Fareeha blurts out the words. "You never told me your name," The woman only looks back half confused. "I- I-" Fareeha pulls the trigger on the blaster to knock down another trooper. "The name they gave me was Symmetra." Fareeha frowns. "They?" "The- recruiters. The people who took from home as a child." She aims another orb at the incoming squad. "You didn't take the name your family gave you with you?" Fareeha asks. Symmetra only shakes her head. "I had nothing." "You have me," Fareeha starts to grin, reload her blaster with the half full cartridge on the waist of a fallen trooper. "Symmetra sounds much too stoic and princess-like, anyway." Symmetra only presses her lips together in a concealed smile. "I never thought it to be my name. A codename more than anything. A codename for operations I never wanted to perform." Fareeha hums and nods. "You look like a Satya. A name fit for a prince charming." She smiles, bright teeth flashing. A look of comfort floods her face. "Satya," She murmurs, "Satya. I love it." "I'm Fareeha. Nice to meet you, Satya." Satya smiles. Brightly, and opens her mouth, perhaps to say she loves that name too, a fitting look for the princess she saved. But the tremble of more footsteps behind them usher them to continue on. "Let's hurry." Satya whispers to Fareeha, and Fareeha almost blushes in response. "Let's." She mutters, and she and her once-again savior trample over the groaning bodies to her Pharah suit, The emerge at the locked compartment, to have her partner, aim her gun at the locking panel trapping her beloved Pharah in entrapment. A steady beam pulses thinly, and only grows to pulse heavily and thickly, to finally singe the lock panel into electric shocks and buzzes. "Your suit," She mumbles, bright eyes flashing with adrenaline. Fareeha's eyes flash back with something else. "Thank you," She whispers. She suits up, clasping back the armored parts to wrap themselves tightly and familiarly around Pharah's limbs. "Exquisite." Satya mumbles under her breath, eyes scanning the suit and Fareeha, the metallic blue of it reflecting like her visor. Fareeha smiles, slipping on her helmet, curved like a bird's beak. Her own falcon to Gabe's owls. They had their own birds. She turns back to Satya. "Isn't it? I designed it- myself." She mumbles, and hopes not too pridefully. "Oh- The suit?" Satya says, reddening. "Yes- yes you did great." Fareeha beams. Her chuckle brushes a deeper shade of red on Satya's cheeks. "We should escape- before we are caught," Satya murmurs back, turning around to scan for incoming attackers. She turns back to Fareeha, donned in her Pharah suit. Then disappointment muddles her face. "You. You should escape before you are caught." She whispers. Her voice empties itself of the confidence it had before. The weapon she holds in her hand dissolves into pixels of blue light. But Fareeha furrows her brow. "I thought you were coming along." She murmurs. The footsteps louden. The radio static of confirming the traitors prisoners position buzzing nearby. "I mean- I can't. I don't know how to pilot a ship or a suit like that. And we're- I'm trapped now. You have the upper hand, you have to escape." Fareeha shakes her head. "No. Of course not." She laughs, almost scoffs. "No." Satya breathily shakes. "You gave me a name. You gave me a chance to resist. This is enough of a life for me. Go." Fareeha smiles and reaches to Satya. She cradles her chin, under her thick metal armored fist, and wishes she had the time to take it off to feel her, skin to skin. "No. Not unless you come." There's a far reach between their faces, from Fareeha's height to Satya's chin tipped back, and not enough time to reach each other when the troopers emerge from the corner of the seized goods storage. Fareeha only grabs Satya by the waist and raises her arm to push a concussive blast from her forearm. The blast knocks a blue light against the flood of troopers incoming, and Fareeha redirects to escape through another hallway. "Wh-what are you doing?" Satya gasps, pressing her palms against Fareeha's shoulders, stuttering and squirming in her position of half tripping over her own feet and being carried by Fareeha. "We're escaping." Fareeha says bluntly. And the clank of the heavy metal suit against the floor echoes, and Satya can't help but laugh a little. "This is real. This is real." She repeats. "It's real." Fareeha only laughs back. They round around the hallway, back to the hangar, now aflood with squadrons ready to attack the escapees on foot. On foot. A correction needs to be made. Fareeha looks back to Satya, a assertive look devoid of doubt flashing. Pharah takes to the air, Satya in her clasp, jetpack humming with heat. Satya audibly gasps louder than the thrumming of the jetpack and the chaos below. Never once did she think she'd be flying. Never once did she think she'd be free. "To safety then." Fareeha whispers, and Satya reads the curve of her mouth speak unheard words under the loud thrum of her jetpack. Satya replies, "To safety." Fareeha flies higher, blasts of lasers starting to follow them up. The soldiers below start to aim again, now in sync with the spacecrafts now directing their weapons at the single target floating almost aimlessly in the hangar air. "On your left," Satya screeches, and Fareeha barely dodges a shot coming from below. She remembers her own weapon, and fumbles to activate the pod in her palm with her arm around Fareeha's shoulder. The gun materializes in her hand, and whirs to a glow. The blue light pulsing emits a soft steady alive glow, and builds up Satya's photon projector once again, with which she aims the electric humming orbs at the troopers below. "We make a good team, you and I," Fareeha huffs, readying her other free arm. Satya only blushes. Fareeha aims her hand at the crowd below. It's her last concussive blast. Her second last resort. She breathes through her mouth, steadying her chest, and the woman pressed against it. She shoots, emptying a clear space in the army of troopers cocking their guns upright at them. Satya's breathless when she aims to follow, reload her weapon, with a flourish of her hand and pixels swirling around her fingers. Then the whir, screeching whir of the hangar doors start to scream in their ears. "What's that?" Fareeha yells. Satya swallows. "The hangar doors. Hurry. We must go." Fareeha nods, but her rocket launcher's out of ammo and her concussive blasts are down. She purses her lips. "Hug me. I mean- grab my other shoulder." She mumbles. Satya hears her and nods, her photon projector dropping out of her hand into midair, dissolving as it falls and its pixels travelling back upward to the blue light on her palm. Her free hand now grasps Pharah's thick plated shoulder, her legs riding up onto her waist for security. "Ready?" Fareeha asks. Satya nods. "Ready." Fareeha sucks in her breath. Releases it. Along with the barrage of missiles escaping from her back, soaring astray down into the depths below them, streamlining for the troopers. A multitude of explosions ring out in the hangar, and all Satya and Pharah can do is look away and approach the hangar door, almost to a close. "It was justice." Satya promises herself. "They deserved that." She can't help but feel something lingering inside. "They were facists. Simply put." Fareeha mutters. Satya presses her lips together. The home that never felt like home disappearing behind the hangar's closing doors. Her heart aches. In a different way, now that she looks back to Fareeha cradling her waist in her arm, Fareeha looking back down fondly, soft eyes smiling along with her lips. She's free. Maybe she'll have a new home with Fareeha. She hopes. A new life, not one filled with doing things that hurt people, that oppress people, things that hurt herself. Satya's free. She lets out a laugh, one that's free, and she lets it escape into the cold air of the night skies of Dorado. She laughs in the arms of her savior that she saved. She's free. So free. "Kiss me." She hears. She looks to Fareeha. Her eyes ablaze. "Take my helmet off." Satya can barely breathe but she does, slowly with her heart pounding heavily. She reaches to the back of Pharah's helmet, slowly unclasping the metal locks, and pulling it over Fareeha's head, pulling shaggy thick hair into her face. They both laugh, Satya slipping the helmet under her arm, her other latched over Fareeha's supporting her waist. Positioning her hand on Fareeha's jaw, she looks to her lips. She never knew she could be this free. This happy. She kisses Fareeha's nose first. "For luck," she whispers, promising as she looks back up to Fareeha. Fareeha hums. "A kiss for luck to do well in kissing?" Satya grins, and lifts her hand to take off her visor. Her headpiece crackles and fizzes back out to delve back as blue light into her palm. "Yes," She smiles, biting her bottom lip, "A kiss for luck for a kiss." They kiss. Their hearts soar, as Pharah glides higher and higher, and Satya can't tell if Pharah is spinning them in circles, or if it's just her. The stars of Dorado shine a little brighter as they kiss. "You're a good kisser." Fareeha whispers, her forehead pressed low against Sayta's. "I had a kiss for luck," She hums, and she leans back for another kiss. Fareeha smiles upon another kiss. Satya leans in further, moving the helmet under her arm to her hand to loop her arm around Fareeha's neck. Her jetpack whirs to a softer hum as she descents down onto a high building, strung in lights akin to the stars above. They land, turned back away from the now distant First Order pyramid, no longer blinking with as much light as Satya remembered it to. "My savior." Satya whispers against Fareeha's lips. "You're my savior." Fareeha replies, her thumb brushing Satya's chin. She sets her down, loosening the grip on her waist. Satya looks up. The watches the stars blink above her, her throat bared to the sky and swallowing in wonder. "You've never seen the stars?" Fareeha asks. "Not like this." Satya whispers. "I've see them. On transfer missions. Like from Vishkar HQ to Dorado. Here. From the transport vehicles," She continues, "But never like this." "What's this?" Satya looks back to the woman in front of her. Her golden earrings shimmering the stars above. Her eyes like stars. Yes, not like this. She's never been this close to a star. "You, I believe." They maybe kiss a few more times. Satya pressing her lips against Fareeha's, her hands around her neck, or palm pressed against cheek. They stay there until midnight. Satya creates photon projections of some of her favourite flowers, the lost recollections of Hindu myths she could remember, the friends she lost to the Order, . Fareeha shows her a picture of her mother and her. An small wood owl carving from her adoptive father. Her engineering ring, and all the scars on her arms. They spend their time together until midnight, talking, smiling, looking at the stars and each other, until it's time to go home. Home. Notes: this is just a symmarah one-shot :))) also mirroring finnpoe star wars au bc i also love finn and poe and theyre great and so is symmarah so finnpoe is next on the writing list anwyway bc i miss this kind of story bc yea :))))))))))))))))))))))))) I also really wanted to mention that the parallel between Reaper in the role of the interrogator and Kylo rens role in tfa is not meant to be related and one of the same. In the movie, kylo ren abuses poe and forcefully tortues and invades poes mind, while in this fic, i did not mean to portray that effect between gabe and fareeha. gabe isnt an abuser and i wouldnt want to imply such as i love his character. I only meant to write in reaper as the interrogator to give him a role that would make sense and still have good effect in this fic, but at not means do i support kyle ron and his role as an antagonist or condone his character and actions at all by 'twisting' them in this fic. the rewritten role is not meant to be associated with kale run, its just for the story and gabes role. the story i wrote between fareeha and gabe is just, and JUSt only to portray a father-daughter relationship, and if you ship them romantically or sexually, youre gross and this fic wasnt written for your pedophilic (and incestous in some ways) interests. if you felt i wrote gabe in some abusive undertones, pls comment or tell me, i rlly didnt want to write him that way if you see it like that. also i dont like s76 and never will and hell never measure up to luke but yea i wanted to write a reason in for the map. the reason for gabe/owl thingy i wrote on is a adaptation of this gabe fact i rlly like: http://mrkenyon.tumblr.com/post/146266943060/zanbandia-im-not-sure-if-anyone-has-pointed thanks for reading :))