Up where they walk, up where they run Up where they stay all day in the sun Wanderin' free, wish I could be Part of that world... Finn shook his head, trying to get the damn song out of his head. Having a Disney binge at two in the morning had been a mistake, evidently. Still humming begrudgingly to himself, he fell into step with the rhythmic crash of waves against the worn stone embankment, the brick and mortar that kept the marina from being drawn out to sea. Would it be so bad if that did happen, though? After all, he was pretty sure the little takeaway place he ran with his roommate could be converted into a raft. If that was the case, they would be more than set. He could fish as usual, and Rey would find a way to convert one of their fryers into a motor or something. She always claimed that having no romantic interest in anybody gave her time to do stuff like that. He was drawn out of his dreamy musing by the feeling of eyes on him, the occasional giggle from passersby. Finn was used to being scrutinised, so he could tell the difference between malice and amusement. Right now he was definitely experiencing the latter. Wondering what all the fuss was about Finn stopped walking in time for something soft and purring to curl itself around his ankle. Aha. "And what do you want?" he asked, crouching and letting the kitten nuzzle against his hand. This happened often enough. Stray cats had a fondness for fishermen, go figure. Funny, because this one didn't look like a stray. She looked downright coddled , a chubby little ball of silky fur and round black eyes practically begging for Finn to bring her home. It was a very effective look, but Finn managed to resist it, somehow. "Sorry, little guy. Landlord only lets us have fish...Hey!" Without warning the cat yanked Finn's favourite red glove right out of his pocket, running away with it clutched daintily in her jaw and hopping straight off of the wharf with surprising grace. Finn cussed and scrambled after her, landing with a thud on the thin strip of pebbly beach below. Call him sentimental, but he had lost the glove's partner a couple days ago, and he wasn't about to settle for the drab grey ones he kept as reluctant backups. "There you are." he said triumphantly after a chase that took all of two feet. The kitten seemed to be cornered, sea on two sides, wall on one, and no way out. Then she squeaked at him and darted leftward, straight into what Finn had assumed was the wall. Turns out there was a doorway that had been bricked up, but time and the tide had caused the mortar to weaken and dissolve, leaving a gaping hole that led who knew where. Finn could just squeeze through the small space, into a dark, dripping passage that reeked of dead fish and crusting salt. At this point he wasn't really sure why he was still following that cat. Maybe he hadn't outgrown that incorrigible childhood curiosity quite yet. He emerged a moment later under the pier itself, in a little cove tucked away from the hustle and bustle that never stopped just above it. Sure enough, when Finn looked up he saw the outline of people's soles through the thin gaps in the wood, could see the occasional flicker of red when a snubbed cigarette fell through the cracks and sizzled out on the glassy emerald water. The cat mewled behind him and Finn turned with a start. How long had all this been here? Even at high tide, the little outcropping they stood on was safe and dry, the perfect spot for a kitten, really. Someone had made a cozy little bed for her out of fraying beach towels and what looked to be fabric from an old umbrella. Dulse was drying on a rock nearby, and there was even a carved shelf holding jars and trinkets and stack of mismatched plates, the thick plastic kind you forget at picnics and barbecues. Someone spent a lot of time down here, from the look of things. Finn would figure that this was some kid's hideout, but what kid harvested dulse? Or listened to Kenny Loggins, he thought, glancing at the crackling radio that same someone had obviously spent awhile tinkering with. It struck him that all of this stuff could be found within ten feet of the shoreline. Didn't quite know what to take from that, though. "You've got quite the setup." Finn commented as the cat placed his glove in her bed. There was some splashing behind him that Finn ignored, figuring it was just waves hitting the rocks, a seagull taking flight, nothing out of the ordinary. "You're just a spoiled little princess, aren't you?" "Hey, don't be rude." Well, that was decidedly unordinary. The unfamiliar voice made Finn jump a good foot in the air and land facedown on the sand. Yeah, he really knew how to make an impression. Heat rose in his cheeks he rolled over, spitting up sand and grumbling under his breath about how maybe sneaking up on people isn't the best way to announce yourself whoever the fuck you are and- And then he saw the guy grinning at him over the ridge of a half-submerged rock and fell silent. He seemed to be considering Finn, dark eyes bright and crinkled in delight. Light from the setting sun was playing tricks on his tan skin, dashing it with strange speckles of orange and white. It would be unsettling if it wasn't so damn pretty. A few other things about the stranger caught Finn's eye. Firstly: attractive . Secondly, Finn couldn't help but notice that said stranger wasn't wearing a shirt. In January. In the ocean. At six at night. Finn would be lying if he claimed this didn't confuse him at least a little bit. "Dude, do you want hypothermia?" he managed, coughing up a few more grains of sand as he spoke. The stranger just laughed, the sound like the tide rolling in and out. Not the frigid tide of Cape Cod, though. His voice belonged to balmier climates. "I'll be fine." The presumably insane stranger shrugged and tucked his floppy black hair behind his ear. His unusually pointy ear. Now hold on just a minute. "You're not..." Finn's mouth went dry and all the strange little details about his acquaintance started to fit together. The spots on his arms and shoulders were scales. His hands sported some very impressive claws. And if Finn wasn't mistaken, there were fangs concealed behind those smiling lips. "You're a merman." "Last I checked." The merman - Finn took a moment to let that sink in - confirmed with another one of his sunshine laughs. Then he saw Finn's glove poking out of the cat's bed and his face lit up with recognition. "Oh, that red thing from a couple days ago was yours? Sorry 'bout that. Didn't know what it was. My cat used it as a chew toy." he explained, nodding at the ball of orange and white fur that was still nipping at Finn's glove. "You have a cat." What the fuck was happening. "Well, she's not really my cat. I just feed her and pet her and stuff. She doesn't live with me, obviously." The feline in question waddled away from Finn and hopped up onto the rock with her not-quite owner, purring as she rubbed against his arm. "You're not worried she's gonna try and eat you?" "Not gonna lie, there have been some close calls. I think she's over that stage now. There was a time, though..." As proof he raised his tail out of the water and pointed out a bite mark in his glistening orange fin. "Snuck up on me one day while i was sunning, figured I was cat chow. Which I'm not, by the way. Wait, you don't even know who I am. I'm Poe." "Finn." he was too busy staring at Poe's tail to say much else. Not as fishy as he had imagined. It looked more like a seal or a dolphin tail, sleek and shiny, more skin than scale. When Poe dropped it back into the water with a little splash Finn nodded again. Because this was a perfectly normal thing to happen. "Then hello, Finn. Hey, you work at that blue and green restaurant on the docks, don't you? Falcon or something? The one with the picnic tables and classical music." Finn nodded and Poe smiled, revealing an endearing gap between his front fangs. Did those words go together? "Knew there was a reason I liked you. Man, I always wanted to try your guys' chowder. Smells great..." "I'll bring you a cup, sometime." Finn offered, reaching into the cat's bed and retrieving his glove while he could. "If you'd want that, I mean..." "Really? Wait, does that mean you're coming back?" "Yeah. It's not out of the way or anything. I literally live right there." Finn nodded at the apartment complex that was barely visible from where he was standing. "And I work even closer, so yeah, I guess I'm coming back." "Well, I'm always around, and you're always welcome." Poe hummed, sliding up onto the rock and laying back with easy confidence. It was the kind of self-assuredness that had Finn feeling overdressed in his ratty hoodie and jeans. At least he wasn't in his bright yellow waders. Who knew how Poe felt about fishermen. "See you around, Finn." he yawned, eyes still closed. "See you." Finn agreed, backing away before the cat could notice what he had taken. The last glimpse he got was the sunset glowing on the defined ridges of Poe's face and the cat napping on his rounded belly. Something twisted up in Finn's chest and he scurried off, cheeks burning like a furnace. You are not thinking about getting naked with the fishman. Finn told himself as he climbed back onto the marina and hurried back to the shop. Stop thinking about getting naked with the fishman. -------- Rey looked up from her notebook when she noticed Finn approaching, her thin face lighting up in a smile. "Did you get us dinner?" she asked as she started to lock up, voice perky and hopeful. "Did I..." Oh, right, that's why she had sent him out in the first place. "Shit, sorry. Got distracted. I'll make something when we get home." "Yeah, you will." she agreed, chewing on her lower lip as she traced a glowing sigil on the doorway. Besides the security alarm her dad had installed for them, Rey felt the need to employ her own, more arcane measures. Unfortunately, she didn't always feel the need to warn Finn about said measures. One day he had walked inside and wound up cursed with the equivalent of a bad LSD trip. That had been an interesting experience. "Are mermaids real, Rey?" The question burst out against Finn's will as Rey put the final touches on her latest ensnarement. Seems she came up with new curses on a weekly basis. "'Course they are. Don't live in New England, though. Had the good sense to clear out back in the 17th century, I think it was. I know the burnings were going on when they left..." Rey's family of witches and warlocks, however, had stuck to their little patch of Massachusetts farmland as stubbornly as weeds. "Any reason you ask?" "Not really." He hooked his arm around her elbow and pulled her close, grinning when he smelled the oil and spices clinging to her hair and hand-me-down clothes. "Wondering what my chances were of hooking up with Ariel, that's all." "Oh, you don't wanna do that. Rule of thumb for merfolk: If their bottom half's a fish, run. Let's just say it won't just be your dick in their mouth. If it looks like a cross between a seal and a dolphin you're fine. I hear the seal ones like belly rubs and sourdough bread." she added thoughtfully. "Who the hell figured that out?" "I dunno. Someone who was real interested in gettin' some aquatic action, I guess." "You're disgusting." Finn sighed, knowing that Rey couldn't hear him over the sound of her own laughter. After a suitable pause he gave her a squeeze and cleared his throat, hoping to sound casual. "Hey, the bakery's making a delivery tomorrow, right?" "Yeah. Why?" "No reason." Chapter 2 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) "Hey, Babs. Where's your dad?" Finn laughed, stepping through the doorway and shaking the water out of his hair. The fluffy little kitten squinted at Finn from her makeshift bed and yawned, looking a little drunk off of the choppy yellow sunlight slanting into Poe's apartment. At least Finn called it an apartment. Poe thought of it more as his High Lonesome Place. The guy owned about six books wrapped carefully in plastic, and The Guide to Troubled Birds was one of them. And yes, from his inflection Finn had gathered that the words were meant to be spelled with capital letters. A few minutes later there was a telltale shift in the tide, little ripples announcing that something was coming. Finn put down Poe's copy of The Wizard of Oz , smiling when the man himself surfaced a couple feet away, singing a sugary sweet pop song and toting what had to be the most waterlogged backpack on the planet. When Poe wasn't playing with his cat or sunning he was scavenging, combing through the docks for odds and ends he found interesting, cleaning up the water, too. Once Finn saw him carefully cutting a six pack ring off of a seagull. Apparently he had decided the waters around the dock were his responsibility. Actually, that explained the little piles of dripping wet trash that Finn found around the docks. He had always wondered why someone would bother gathering up litter only to dump it someplace else. A mere two feet from a garbage can, in some cases. "Hi." Poe slicked his hair back from his face and grinned at Finn, who was glad all of a sudden that Poe wouldn't be able to tell he was blushing. "Hey. Find anything good?" "Dunno yet. But I've got shells." Poe offered, holding out an open angel wing clam that bore the gloss of bone china, a handful of sand dollars, and a perfectly intact mermaid's purse. "Then there's some crap in my bag I could use some help sorting. You?" "I've got dinner." Finn nodded at the little picnic he had set up for the two of them. Poe's eyes lit up when he saw his usual sourdough bowl of clam chowder sitting on the rock they used as a table. Two months after his first bite and he hadn't once changed his order. You'd think he'd have gotten sick of it by now. "And something else, too." "More bread?" Poe asked. He was already halfway through his bowl. When the hell did that happen?" "You've really got to broaden your horizons..." Humming, Finn pulled a plastic bag out of his backpack and grinned as he tossed it over to Poe, who stared with brow creased at the big ball of pink fluff Finn had just presented him with. Cotton candy didn't fare well in water, so Poe had never tried it. "Is this the stuff you put in pillows?" "No, you eat it. It's cotton candy. You'll like it, trust me." "I see why it's called cotton. What I don't understand the candy part." Poe poked a hole in the bag, blinking when the mystery substance dissolved at his touch. "This's pure sugar." he realised, staring in disbelief as Finn casually popped a mouthful. "This's literally just sugar." "Yeah. And?" Finn really didn't see a problem with Poe's observation. "And you're eating pure sugar , ya sea cucumber. This stuff's popular?" Finn nodded, quite enjoying the bewildered expression on Poe's face. He looked like he was seriously considering just swimming out to sea and never looking back. "Humans make up the weirdest shit." he sighed, accepting the chunk Finn offered him with cautious hands. "We're a creative bunch, is all. How is it?" "It's, um..." Poe blushed crimson as he quietly took another, bigger piece, stuffing it into his mouth before Finn could judge him too harshly. "I like it, I guess." "Here." Poe's entire face lit up when Finn handed off the whole bag. Good thing he had had the foresight to buy another one for himself. The second bag was gone by the time the sun began to dip into the horizon. Finn placed the last of the fished-up trinkets on the shelf just as the sky began to turn the same orange as Poe's scales. This was how he spent most evenings, as of late. Cleaning Poe's finds, arranging the shelves. He found himself enjoying the domesticity of it. Finn had even taken it upon himself to spruce the apartment up a little bit, add stuff that Poe wouldn't be able to find abandoned on beaches or washed up by the docks. Now Poe had a potted camellia and Babs had her very own scratching post. After a little bit of feuding with himself Finn even handed over his Game Boy Color and old Pokemon Red cartridge, a personal sacrifice he felt most keenly. Although watching Poe play was a pretty good tradeoff. He wiggled whenever he caught something or won a battle. And after fiddling and fumbling for a couple days he got the hang of the buttons pretty well, powering through most of it in a little under a day. He seemed to be caught up in a battle right now, tapping his tail impatiently on the ground and grumbling at the screen. "Get in the ball, you little--Oh, sweet. Good kitty." "What'd you catch?" "Dunno. Naming it after Babs, though. It's a funny looking cat thing, I think." He held the console out for Finn's inspection, cocking his eyebrow when Finn's jaw went slack and his eyes went wide. He dropped down beside Poe and stared for a minute, appearing to have almost gone into shock. "You caught Mewtwo." "Yeah?" "How the fuck did you catch Mewtwo?" "With a Master ball." "Never mind..." Finn leant against Poe and shook his head in resignation. This guy was something else, literally and figuratively, Finn remembered, feeling Poe's scales rasp against his wrist. "Hey, how come I've never seen anyone else like you?" "Somebody who caught Mewtwo?" "'Cause that's the most noteworthy thing about you. Catching Mewtwo..." Seems as though Poe was starting to like that title. For a guy who was part fish, he sure had good luck with cats. Even the pixelated ones. "I'm talking about the merman thing, dumbass. Don't you have a bunch of buddies to sing musical numbers with?" "I don't sing." Yeah, and Finn didn't smell like cod liver oil 24/7. "There are more of us, though. I was part of a colony down south. Gulf of Honduras, I think you guys called it. I swam off during a storm when I was a kid and got caught in the current. Haven't spoken to anyone like me since. Haven't really spoken to many people at all, actually. At least not up here. Made a couple friends in Belize and Georgia, but that was a long time ago." "So it's just you and Babs, huh?" "Just me and Babs." Poe confirmed, watching the kitten stalk his swishing tail, thinking herself a lion readying to pounce. "If it weren't for her I'd be long gone, by now." "Back down south? How many times have you made the trip?" "If I left today, that would make twenty-two." "And you've never seen anyone like you?" "Not once." Poe said quietly. For a moment he looked so lost and lonely that Finn couldn't help what happened next. Like the idiot he was he leant in and pressed his lips to Poe's ear, the pointy little ridge that had first tipped him off that something was amiss. It lasted less than a second. Finn pulled away as quickly he had leant in, like he had just touched something to see if it was hot and wound up burning himself. "Sorry. Poor impulse control." he blurted out. Poe raised an eyebrow, and Finn cleared his throat, scrambling for an explanation. "No. Bad excuse. I shouldn't make excuses. Sorry. For the excuses. And for the kissing. Just sorry. In general." "You done?" Poe asked. Finn nodded, shame burning in his cheeks. "Okay. Just making sure." And then Poe was kissing him, and the first thought Finn had was salt . Poe tasted like the ocean, like the smell of sun-warmed wood and open air. It seemed the sea had seeped into his every pore. It made sense, really. He'd spent most of his life soaking in it. Finn registered all that first, and then he realised that he felt a whole lot better, having Poe's lips on his. Hopefully this would become a commonplace occurrence. Finn would have no problem with it, he decided as Poe manoeuvred himself into his lap without letting up on the kissing. No problem at all. ---------- Finn was fully aware that his courtship with Poe bore an uncanny resemblance to your typical playground romance. Trading trinkets, sharing food, giggling and teasing whenever they ventured to hold hands. Very mature, and not that different from the friendship it had sprung from. The only difference now was that Poe seemed to have made it his mission to sneak as many off-guard kisses as he could. One time, and he knew he would tell this story for years to come, Finn had leant down to investigate some splashing at the edge of the apartment and Poe had breached the water's surface without warning, pulling him into a kiss that wound up going underwater. At least Finn knew how to swim. When he stepped inside on a particularly stormy Friday evening he expected that to be the case again. The tide was low and Poe was nowhere in sight, so Finn skirted the edge of the cove, cautiously waiting for Poe to jumpscare him. Which he did, kind of. “Jesus Christ , Poe.” Finn scrambled down a rocky outcropping, following the trail of bright red blood he had discovered drying on the sand. If Poe wasn’t already dead he was in for it, Finn swore to God. “Poe? Poe!” “Hey, sweetheart.” Poe called back, voice a little weaker than usual. He was curled up in a little tide pool, Babs licking at a gash in his arm. Suddenly Finn didn’t really feel like chewing him out. Instead he just sighed and went about cleaning Poe up, tugging off his sweater and using his t-shirt as a bandage. "Don’t pick fights with Great Whites." Poe advised weakly. “Just don’t do it.” Finn nodded, his brow creased up in worry. The water around Poe was a concerning shade of dark green, red swirling in with the blue. It wasn't excessive, but still. It would be a rough night, and Finn wasn’t sure how well Poe would take it. After going back and forth with himself for a little while Finn swept Poe’s hair back from his face and grinned a little bit. He couldn’t believe he was doing this. “Hey, how well do you do out of water?" "Should be fine. Why d'you ask?" ---------- "I can't believe you carried me all the way here..." "Hauling around fish is my job." Finn pointed out as he tried not to slip on the bathroom floor. It was no use trying to hide the strain in his voice. He set Poe down in the bathtub with a grunt, taking a minute to rub the stiffness out of his shoulders and to watch Poe slide around on the cracked porcelain in an attempt to get his footing. Fining? Finn wasn't quite sure what the term was. Getting here had been quite the process. Even though the apartment he shared with Rey was barely two blocks away, lugging around a mythical creature who weighed a good two hundred pounds made the trip feel like a damn Tolkien novel. It hadn't gotten any better when they got in the complex. Two doors down from Finn's apartment Mrs. Golf, a lovely old lady with a delicate heart, stepped out of the elevator with her mail. After a brief bout of panic Finn had dumped Poe in a cramped maintenance closet and slammed himself back against the door just as Mrs. Golf noticed him. That looked casual, right? Despite it all Finn managed to smile and nod his way through a polite conversation with her about cats, all the while trying to hold the door shut in the hopes that Poe's tail wouldn't flop out. Finn hadn't been sure whether his arms or his heart would give out, first. But, Finn reasoned as he leant down to press a kiss to Poe's cheek, it was all worth it, if it meant Poe was safe. He didn't look happy, though. "You okay?" "I guess. But I feel bad, leaving Babs out in this weather. I hope she's okay..." "About that." At that juncture Babs popped out of Finn's hood with a little mewl, shaking some water from her fur. "Climbed in there while I was bandaging you up." he provided, handing over the squirming little kitten. Poe's face lit up and he gave Babs a tight squeeze, listening in delight when she started to purr. "Hi, baby..." he cooed, rocking Babs like an infant. "I'm sorry for forgetting about you. You still like me, right?" In response Babs nipped at his fingers and curled up on his chest, believing that she had made her point. "Guess not." "Well, I like you." Finn assured Poe as he turned on the tap. Curious, Poe tried running his hand under the piping hot stream, smiling in pleased surprise. "It's warm." he realised. "Yeah, plumbing's great. Real revolutionary." Finn smiled and turned his attention back to the gash in Poe's arm. His chest and shoulders and belly were covered in scars that looked just like it. Swimming around in saltwater with those things must sting. When it was all bandaged up he pressed a kiss to Poe’s shoulder and smiled. “Thanks, sweetheart. Any particular way I can pay you back?” “I can think of a couple.” Finn hummed, letting Poe pull him into a warm kiss. He swept his hand down as Poe nuzzled against him, a low rumble buzzing in his chest. "You can purr?" "Apparently." Poe laughed. Finn's hand stilled on its way down and Poe opened a curious eye to see what had happened. Then he looked down, cheeks going crimson when he realised that his dick was poking out of the slit where his crotch would be if he were human. "Oh, shit. Finn, I...um. Sorry." "What the hell are you sorry for? This?" Finn gave him a gentle tug and Poe moaned, bucking up into the touch and making some water slosh over the side of the tub. Some of it landed on Finn's leg, but he was too intent on Poe’s frankly fascinating anatomy to care. "You are not sleeping in here tonight, big guy. No way in hell..." "That a fact?” Poe laughed. “Bed?” “I should think so.” Finn agreed. He moved to lift Poe out of the tub but Poe shooed him away, giving Finn’s crotch a squeeze as he got up. "You go make yourself pretty, sweetheart. I can take care of myself for a little while." he said with a wink. “But your arm…” Poe stuck out his tongue and Finn relented. This guy was as stubborn as he was attractive. “Holler if you need me.” Finn sighed, sashaying back over to his bedroom as he tugged his shirt up over his head. He thought he heard more water hit the ground as he rolled out his shoulders and stretched. Well, good to know that Poe was paying attention, Finn reasoned as he flopped down onto his bed and wriggled out of his underwear. That was a real confidence booster. The springs creaked when Poe climbed up beside him a few minutes later, mostly dry and watching as Finn worked himself open, two slick fingers already sunk knuckle-deep in his hole. His eyes drifted over to Finn’s cock and lit up, something kind of curious in his expression. “Wow. I figured we’d be kinda different, but…” He cupped Finn’s balls in his hand, carefully rolling and tugging, grinning when his cock gave a rigid little twitch in response. “Is it supposed to be all stiff? Doesn’t seem comfortable…” While Poe occupied himself with investigating that Finn turned his attention to Poe’s own situation. His cock was pink and slick and smooth, tapering to a blunt point. Curious, Finn ran his hand up from the base, biting back a laugh when the end curled affectionately around his fingers. A little bit strange, admittedly, but Finn wasn’t about to complain of having something that dexterous inside of him. "Someone's happy to see me." he smiled, rolling Poe onto his back and straddling him, their cocks brushing as Finn rocked his hips. He pushed down the thought that Poe could conceivably jack him off with his cock. Best save that for another day. “Same could be said for you.” Poe pointed out, giving the head of Finn’s cock a fond rub. It seemed to intrigue him to no end. Odds are they would be exploring that later. “Inside?” “Please.” Finn breathed, moving to line himself up with Poe. Embarrassingly enough, Finn moaned as Poe eased himself in, a choked off sound he hadn’t thought he was capable of making. “Oh, fuck…” At that Poe paused, looking up at Finn for assurance that it was going alright. "You okay?" "Define 'okay'." Finn panted, experimentally grinding down on Poe's cock. "Because I can't really think straight right now, if you'd like to know. How’re you?" “I like it in here, to tell you the truth. Think I’ll stay awhile. There any way I can, uh, reciprocate?” Finn took Poe’s hand and wrapped it around his cock, grinning when Poe took to hint and started to jerk him, fingertips curiously exploring the ridges and veins and curling hair at the base. What Finn wouldn't give to have a camera, right now. When Poe was as deep as he could take, Finn shuddered and pressed his hands into Poe's belly, already fighting the need to come. It's not like he hadn't had sex before, but something about this was a bit more intense. Especially when he felt something stroking and petting his prostate, sending electric shocks up and down his spine. Well, that was new. "Fuck. It's moving. How is it--" Poe stilled and Finn nearly whimpered at the loss of stimulation. And he had thought he didn't have any dignity left to lose. "God, Poe..." "Shit, sorry. That's a thing that happens." Finn nearly buckled and Poe reached out and caught him. "Probably should've mentioned that," he realised, watching Finn's eyes go wide as he began to move again, careful as ever. It was still enough to make Finn sweat and shake, though. "I'm not complaining." Holding himself up took more effort than Finn cared to admit. Instead he just flopped against Poe's warm chest and moaned when the new angle gave his cock more wriggle-room. "Not how I expected my evening to go..." "Mm." Smiling, Poe pressed his lips to Finn's and cupped his face in his free hand, being careful with the claws. "What did you have planned?" "I dunno. Fixing the sink, reading, jerking off while I thought of you..." "Ain't the real thing so much better?" To emphasize he nudged in deeper, dick rubbing over Finn's prostate with each careful thrust. What couldn't that thing do? They flipped when Finn’s legs began to tremble and the new position made Poe slide in deeper, making Finn see stars, breath picking up and temperature in his cheeks rising with every movement. “You close?” Finn gasped, digging his fingers into Poe's sides. Something suspiciously like a growl rumbled in Poe's chest and Finn trembled as the cadence of his thrusts picked up, cock spasming inside him. Unabashed, Finn rutted against Poe's belly one more time, body clenching and trembling as he spilled over his fingers with a gasp. Poe collapsed a second later, groaning into Finn’s neck and shaking with the force of his orgasm. Finn swore he felt it when Poe came inside him, hard and almost painful, throbbing cock flooding Finn with what feltt to be an unreasonable amount of come. “Fuck, that’s a lot…” When the shock wore off Finn lifted Poe’s face and managed a shaky, accusatory smile. "Another thing you probably should've mentioned?" “I...yeah.” Poe managed. Come started to drip out of Finn’s stretched hole as soon as Poe withdrew, looking down at the mess he had made between Finn's thighs with thinly veiled curiosity, cradling his bandaged arm as he worked something out in his head. Then without a word he flopped onto his belly, wriggling his lower half as he shimmied down the bed. Finn tried not to smile when he realised that Poe's movements bore an uncanny similarity to the buoyant little seals he had once seen at the aquarium. Very bouncy. "Poe..." "I'll deal with cleanup, sweetheart. You relax." Finn hummed in agreement and dropped his legs open a little wider, noting the wet noise that the movement produced. Seems there was a lot to clean up. Poe spent a good ten minutes with his head happily tucked between Finn's legs, ears perking up whenever he heard Finn's breathing hitch or the sheets rustling in his hold. After what felt like a decade Finn whined a little bit and Poe paused, if reluctantly. "You want me to stop?" Poe asked, looking up at Finn with eyes blown dark. His chin was sticky with his own come and Finn shuddered at the sight, managing to pull him into one more kiss with what little coordination he had left. "Oh, so that's what you wanted." "Fuck off." Finn sighed, a content smile on his glowing face. The two of them lay in the rumpled sheets for a long time, kissing and nuzzling and making no attempt to sort out the tangle of their bodies. Eventually Poe kissed Finn’s neck, grinning when he barely stirred. "You okay? Gone all quiet on me." "Mm..." Finn dragged his fingers through Poe's damp hair and smiled. The drier it got the more it curled, creating an almost cherubic effect. "Means you did your job." he yawned, just about ready to drop off. Before doing so he pulled Poe's arm over him and snuggled in, noting that the mattress was complaining something awful. Oh well. That boxspring had been nice while it lasted. "Hey, sweetheart, before you get too comfortable, I might have to get back in the tub soon. Fell asleep on the beach one time down in Florida and woke up feeling like shit. Lotsa puking..." "Wanna stay with you." Finn complained, clinging to Poe's arm. When Poe started to wriggle Finn sighed and rolled out of bed, discreetly testing his legs before putting his full weight on them. "Fuck, you're high maintenance..." "I'm worth it, though." Poe said comfortably, laughing when Finn tossed half the contents of the laundry hamper at him. While Poe arranged towels on the bed Finn went over to the bathroom and dunked one of his old cotton quilts in the tub, holding it under for a couple seconds before dragging it out with a grunt. That woke him up a little bit. The thing was about as heavy as one of the bigger nets on his boat. From the looks of it, dating Poe beyond their little cove would mean a lot of hauling stuff around. Strangely enough, it was only when he was standing in the doorway with a dripping wet quilt in his arms did the reality of the situation strike him. Finn was dating a merman, an actual, live fish person. What a concept. Poe actually sighed in relief when Finn heaped the blanket over him, making sure it stayed on the towels. "Oh man, I've always wanted to use one of these. Fuck, it's cozy..." "Merpeople don't have blankets?" Finn asked, crawling under his own, drier blanket. "What would be the point? They'd just float away." After poking curiously at the mismatched squares stitched together with sturdy orange thread Poe pulled the quilt up to his chin and snuggled down with a happy sigh. "Besides, they wouldn't do much if they were underwater, would they?" "Fair enough." Finn yawned, reaching over and running a hand through Poe's curls, smiling when Poe pressed kisses to his fingertips. Then something occurred to him and he scratched Poe under the chin. "Wait, you're a mammal, right? Why d'you have scales?" "I don't. These are just decoration. Feel." Poe guided Finn's hand below the blanket and placed it on the rounded curve of his hip, let him trace his fingers over the sleek grey skin and what he had thought were scales. Turns out they were more like chips of a mineral, mica maybe, embedded in Poe's skin like a mosaic. The effect it produced at a distance had been one thing, but up close it was even more dazzling, the delicacy of the crystals that seemed to have been alive, or at least were sharing in some of the life Poe had. Finn had a feeling that if you put him in a dark room, he would glow. "So you're a bedazzled seal." "Basically." Poe laughed, amused by Finn's observation. "It's kinda like how humans get tattoos and piercings. Tradition in my colony, I guess. 'Sposed to be enough to cover the whole thing, but I got swept off pretty young." He shrugged and gave his fin a resigned little flap. "Only got as far as the racing stripes." "They look good as is." Finn laughed, pressing a kiss to an orange shard glittering above the sharp ridge of Poe's collarbone. The hand wandering around downstairs brushed against Poe's slit and Finn grinned, feeling him tense. "Besides, if you had the whole thing done, straddling you would be a fucking pain." "It would be, wouldn't it?" Poe pursed his lips, eyes crinkling up a bit with thought. "Hey, sweetheart, not to be a downer or anything but how are we gonna make this work, exactly? As much as I'd like to, I can't stay hauled out here forever." Finn wrinkled his nose at the very idea of discussing this right now. As far as he was concerned, the nitty-gritty could all be dealt with much, much later. Besides, Poe sounded as tired as Finn felt. Best to save this chat for when they were both lucid. "Don't worry about it. My roommate's a witch. She might get one of us to trade our voices for it, but I'm sure she'll think of something." Finn yawned and gave Poe's hand a reassuring squeeze before dropping off, barely even registering his own words as he said them. "She helped me out when I got turned into a frog, after all..." "Wait, what?" Notes: Google dolphin dick. I dare you. Chapter 3 "...So with the power of True Bros Power Hug, Rey broke the curse and turned me back into my handsome fucking self again." Finn concluded, watching Poe's expression with a smile. It had ventured into the realm of disbelieving when Finn had recounted his and Rey's visit with the giant slug. "We got the hell out of that swamp, got the family business handed over to us, and to this day I can't look at frog legs without puking. The end." "Wow." Poe didn't seem to know how he was supposed to react to that story. Frankly, some of it was still processing. When it all smoothed out a little bit he nodded and smiled at Finn. "Hey, does that mean you could be a prince?" "Let's not get ahead of ourselves." Finn laughed, squinting up at the seagulls riding the curls of salt-sharp wind swirling above them. They were curled up on the deck of his tired old boat, Finn with his head resting comfortably in Poe's warm lap. It was a good spot; The air was fresh off the sea and Poe soaked up sun like a sponge does water. No wonder the poor guy was wont to overheat. It made him a wonderful pillow, though. This had been anything but a planned rendez-vous. Somehow Poe had managed to get himself tangled up in Finn's nets while he was chasing after a cod. It had come as a bit of a shock, seeing as they were a ways away from shore. Apparently the thief had made off with a silver necklace and Poe wasn't about to let a damn fish get its fins on his find. His sense of competition extended further than video games, apparently. "Think Rey could help me out?" Poe asked, nodding at his tail. "I mean, she fixed you when you got caught up in that frog fiasco, so..." "With what, giving you legs? You wanna be where the people are?" Finn teased. He softened his voice when he saw the earnest expression on Poe's face. "You want to be human." "Well, yeah. I'm bored with the ocean. There's nowhere to go." Poe's gaze rested on the horizon, the blue expanse preceding it. "It's more like a big road than a destination itself. Not empty, but kinda lonely. Nothing lasts long in there. I'd build myself a little place and the currents would change and sweep it off, or I'd plant something and ten minutes later a school of herring would come by and eat it. Maybe it's different when you're part of a colony, but..." Poe shrugged, tracing the grooves and nicks in the floor. "I want to belong somewhere, that's all. I want a place to call home." "You're welcome to share mine." Finn offered. "But don't think you have to change to do that. You shouldn't feel like you have to become something else if you want to stay with me." "It wouldn't just be for you, sweetheart. It's just that I've always..." Poe shook his head and snorted. "God, this is gonna sound stupid. I watched The Little Mermaid when I was ten. They were screening it at a beach. Kinda got me thinking. I always hoped I'd get a chance to come on land, make friends, human stuff like that. I told myself that it would be enough to just visit, but I'm getting kind of attached to you and Rey, honestly." Finn smiled, hearing the fondness in Poe's voice. Fortunately enough, the two people Finn was closest to had struck up an easy friendship together. And Finn had had nothing to do with it. A few months back Rey had stumbled across Poe in the kitchen one night while he was looking for a midnight snack. Literally stumbled, if Poe's bruised rump and her scraped up knees meant anything. Thankfully they moved past that and Finn had found the two of them the next morning playing Mario Kart and eating his marshmallows. They both seemed to agree that food resolved conflict better than anything else. "We're getting attached to you, too." Finn agreed. A toothy smile spread across Poe's face and Finn sat up to kiss him chastely on the cheek. "Although I might be a bit more far gone than Rey..." "Good to know. So what d'you think? Get legs? Or keep the blubber butt?" Poe asked, making Finn laugh. "Do what's gonna make you happy. Nobody knows better than you what that is. Although if you want my two cents, my arms are getting kinda tired from lugging you around all the time." "If I ever become human, y'know I'm still gonna make you carry me, right? It'd be a shame to waste these." Poe gave Finn's bicep a squeeze, unapologetic. In retaliation Finn reached around and grabbed Poe's plush rear end, making him jolt. The discovery of how ticklish he was down there was better than any birthday gift Finn had ever received. Although the Captain America shield Rey had gotten for him last year was a close second. "Fine. So long as you let me say goodbye to the blubber butt, at least." The glint in Finn's eyes let Poe know that goodbye would likely involve tickling, and he wasn't quite sure his dignity could take something like that. "No, no, no ..." Poe laughed as he scrambled away from Finn's groping hands and slid off the side of the boat with ease, slipping into the water with barely a splash. Never one to give up on the chase Finn pulled his shirt up over his head and set to work on his belt, prompting a wolf whistle from the waves below. "Like what you see?" he laughed, glancing over the edge to see Poe waiting for him, splashing in anticipation. "I think my opinion's pretty damn obvious. You coming in?" Finn answered by cannonballing off of the gunwale with a reckless whoop. The fact that he was jumping into the Atlantic wearing nothing but his boxers didn't occur to him until the water hit him. And it hit him hard . He popped up with a gasp and another splash, shaking the water out of his hair and flailing none too gracefully. Sure, Finn could swim, but he couldn't really look good while doing it. Meanwhile Poe was swimming tight, graceful circles around him, curling his tail around Finn's legs and humming. "How's it going?" "It's fucking freezing ." "Don't be a bitch. It's April." "Yeah, well not all of us have the benefit of being part sea mammal. Blubber's warm." Having had enough of the whining Poe flipped onto his back and pulled Finn up onto his chest. It was a tight fit, but nobody was about to complain about closeness. Finn had a flashback to the video of an otter holding her baby and laughed as he pressed a kiss to Poe's neck. "You're cozy." "Thanks. Nicest thing you've ever said to me." Poe snorted. Ignoring the sarcasm, Finn snuggled in with a happy sigh, drifting with the sound of waves and the soft warmth of Poe's chest against his cheek. Hopefully the coziness would carry over if Poe decided to become human. Finn had a feeling it would. --------- An eel heart, fragments from a kraken's egg, the head of a tuna with eyes that roved around the room as though searching for its body. Finn was staring too, equally confused by the spread laid out on the kitchen counter. And here he had been thinking that Poe was cooking up Friday night breakfast like he had done last week. Finn had been hoping for red velvet pancakes, but those didn't seem to be on the menu. Rey was standing at the stove and humming Poor Unfortunate Souls, stirring some evil-smelling grey mixture in a bright blue pot. Poe had heaved himself up onto the counter to watch while he munched on a strawberry Pop-tart. He hadn't bothered to heat it up, as was his custom. While it was great that his two best friends were bonding, Finn wasn't quite sure brewing sinister draughts was the way to do it. "Hey, sweetheart. What're you doing up?" Poe asked, his face lighting up when he saw Finn. That afternoon he had taken to bed with a head cold that he blamed entirely on his little swim a couple days ago. His impulse control needed some work, obviously. "Babs kicked me outta bed." Yawning, Finn leant on Poe's lap and tilted his face up for a sugar-coated kiss. Poe's kisses always tasted like something ridiculously sweet. Yesterday's flavour had been chocolate frosting. "This all for one potion?" "Yeah. It's pretty simple, actually. Ursula was just being extra." Rey confirmed. She grabbed him by the collar and pulled him out the door, rolling up the sleeves of her thick wool sweater as she did. She had knit it herself, no magic involved. "You gotta go. Don't want you getting caught in the backwash. Who knows what the spell would do to you." "Make me humaner?" Finn offered, crowding the door until Poe tossed him a glinting silver package. He had saved the last Pop-tart for Finn, bless him. Actually he had taken a couple bites, but Finn could forgive him that. "More like turn you into an ungodly hybrid." "You'd make a hot merman." Poe commented. Finn blew him one more kiss, then Rey snapped the door shut on him, a clear indication that visiting hours were over. Undeterred, Finn pressed his ear to the thick blue wood while he chewed, wondering if he should grab a pair of pants from his bedroom. Maybe those grey sweats, even though they would clash terribly with the flannel Poe had stolen, specifically the bright orange number with grey and white checks. Poe had a fondness for Finn's clothes. All of a sudden Finn heard a commotion behind the door. There was a white flash, a rattling bang, and...a startled bark? That last one didn't seem to fit. " Shit ." Rey's voice was muffled, but it didn't take a genius to tell that something was amiss. "Shit. Finn, get in here - Poe, come out, it's not that bad-" The door was yanked open and Finn toppled in, nearly slamming into Rey. She nimbly darted out of the way as she spouted off instructions. "Take care of him for a sec. And don't touch anything. And don't let Poe touch anything. And I can't fucking believe this..." With that Rey scrambled past Finn, cursing like a sailor as she ran off towards her bedroom. Well, that had been abrupt. Finn straightened and cautiously surveyed the scene. The room was a mess, like a particularly enthusiastic hurricane had blown through. The cupboards were all thrown open, the table had been tipped over, and jars and bowls were rolling across the stained tile floor, clicking against each other like marbles. There was also a trembling lump under the tablecloth that Finn assumed was Poe. Part of his rump was poking out, no different from before, actually. Seems like the spell hadn't worked. Although from the sad, animal whimpers he could hear under the checked cloth, Finn gathered that something else had happened. "Poe?" Another little whine was the only answer he got. There was something decidedly unusual about these noises. Tentative, Finn ventured to push back the cloth from where he assumed Poe's face was. He stared for a moment. He put the cloth down again and took a deep breath before trying another peek. Maybe his eyes had been playing tricks on him. Didn't take long for that hope to dissolve, though. "Oh, shit." A seal was staring back at him with large, limpid black eyes and a confused expression. Finn took a moment to take stock of what he saw, wondering again if he could possibly be mistaken. Twitchy whiskers, soft grey snout scrunched up in a sad little pout, flippers. Yup. A seal. Rey had turned his boyfriend into an honest to God pinniped. Finn felt a little faint. "What the fuck did you do?" he demanded when Rey ran back into the kitchen, toting a leather bound book in her arms. And this right here was why Finn didn't touch magic with a ten foot pole. When shit went wrong, it went wrong . "The spell, that's what I did..." Rey stumbled through the room, fingers frantically skimming the stained pages of her book for answers. It was musty with age and beginning to crack at the spine, the mark of years of diligent service to any number of witches and wizards. Who knew how Rey had come into possession of it. She slammed it down on the counter and started flipping through it again, murmuring curses and fanning away the sickly purple smoke that made the kitchen smell like cat sick with notes of lavender. Finn didn't dwell on that too long. "I did it right, I swear." "Is right the word we're going with here? He's a seal!" While they went back and forth Poe bounced his way across the room to hide in the cupboard under the sink, the sleeves of his shirt dragging on the floor. Why did he still have that on? Finn crouched by him and softened his voice, feeling kind of ridiculous as he tried to coax Poe out of his hiding place. "Aw, c'mon out, babe. It's okay. At least you're a cute seal." "Is there such a thing as an ugly seal?" Rey wondered. Finn flipped her off while he pulled as much of Poe as he could into his lap and rocked him back and forth, bouncing him a little bit. Seals were heavy. And squishy. Finn couldn't help but squeeze him like a teddy bear. Poe grumbled into his neck, but Finn wasn't quite sure whether his grievance was with the hugging or the situation as a whole. "How's it going?" Poe made a sound Finn placed somewhere in between gargling and grunting, which really didn't answer the question. "I don't speak that." Frustrated, Poe barked something else that was lost pretty quickly in translation. After another few tries he realised that Poe was trying to say that his back was itchy. Finn started to scratch him and sighed. If this kept up, he wasn't quite sure how either of them would cope. "Lighten up, Finn. It's not that bad..." Rey insisted, seeing Finn's expression. "Say that again when I get sent to prison for bestiality." He felt an unhappy huff against his neck, followed by a half-hearted nip to the collar of his shirt. "Sorry, babe. But it's true." "Just don't get caught in bed with-okay, found the bug." Rey squinted at Poe then back at the book, nodding cautiously. "This makes sense. Spell I used is to turn merpeople into humans." "And? He's a merman. Well, right now he's a seal." Finn was still wrapping his head around that. "Actually, I think he's a selkie. No idea why he's halfway..." "Would've been nice if you figured that out earlier." Finn sighed. Poe buried his snout in Finn's neck, whimpering a little bit pitifully as Finn stroked him. "Wait, selkies are like seals, right? I thought he was a dolphin." "The retractable dick thing's probably just an idea they pulled in - ha, pulled in - from dolphins. Selkies had some pretty powerful magic, back in the day. They were originally wizards, y'know. Must've seen what dolphins had going on downstairs and been like hey, that looks like a good idea ..." "Uh." Finn's face warmed up, and he swore he felt Poe's do the same. Could seals blush? He wasn't sure, but this one was. "How'd you know..." Rey shot him a look and snorted in derision. "This place has got thin walls, Finn." "Right." Well, that was mortifying. Finn sighed and tried to put that tidbit of information out of his mind. If he wasn't mistaken, selkies were the ones who could shed their seal skin or something whenever they wanted to go on land. There had been a book about it in one of his foster parent's houses, a big illustrated thing full of dryads and giants and faeries. Finn would have curled up with that and a cup of hot cocoa for hours, if the opportunity ever came around. It never did, but it sure was a fond fantasy. Never expected he would be living it, though. While Rey pored over her book Poe drew himself upright and managed to fit himself in Finn's lap with a happy little churring noise. Finn squirmed under the added weight, but Poe didn't seem all that inclined to move, which meant he was essentially stuck in place. It's not like he was about to kick out the poor guy, though. "So now what?" he asked, really wanting to break the silence but not knowing what to say. "I dunno. I'm going to bed." Rey sighed, righting the room with a wave of her hand. Poe yelped in protest and Rey shrugged, ducking a pan that sailed over her head. "Well, we can't go see anyone for help tonight, now can we? I'll make a few calls tomorrow and figure out everything from there. How's that sound?" "I guess that works." And it wasn't like Finn had any better ideas. Poe's nod was listless, but at least they were all in agreement. "Great. Well, not great, but..." Rey crouched beside them and tapped Poe on the flank, waiting for him to look at her. "I'm really, really sorry, Poe. Can't believe I fucked up the spell that bad. Can you forgive me?" she asked, sounding like a kid caught with her hand in a cookie jar. Finn hadn't seen that look since the time she accidentally enchanted a broom to follow him around all day. For a moment Poe regarded her outstretched arm almost coldly, then his face lit up in a goofy seal smile and he gave her hand a fond nudge. Finn cracked a grin, nonplussed at how quick Poe was to forgiveness. This was the guy who kept a cat that had tried to eat him, after all. "Thanks." Rey smiled in relief and squeezed Finn's shoulder. "I promise I'm gonna figure it out." "'Course you will. We'll talk more in the morning. C'mon, Poe." After pecking Rey on the cheek he scooped Poe up in a piggyback, grunting when he realised that he might have underestimated how much a fully grown seal would weigh. "God, you're heavy..." Unapologetic, Poe purred and flopped against Finn's back, a big, blubbery weight on his spine. He'd taken for granted that Poe usually held himself up with his upper body when Finn carried him, but flippers weren't quite as helpful in that respect. "Y'know, when I thought about you riding me," Finn grunted as he trudged down the hall. "This is not what I had in mind." Poe snorted in agreement and Finn sighed. This would be a weird fucking weekend, no doubt about that. Notes: idk man this is all the fault of other people i'm the victim here