Prologue HUX Ben applied the last of his zombie makeup as I slipped on the white lab coat I would wear over a nice tuxedo. From the green room's small TV monitor, Charlotte Phasma, known as Lottie to most, was dancing her solo to "Hot Honey Rag" from Chicago. See, Lottie is our dance instructor- and the reason you're hearing about lab coats and zombie makeup. You may be thinking, "What is this, some demented tap dance rendition of Thriller? Or is this an all tap dance version of Rocky Horror Picture Show?" Sadly, my friend, that is none of the above. Ben and I had agreed to be in Miss Phasma's tap dance showcase, and we are about to perform a rendition of "Puttin On the Ritz" from Young Frankenstein. And I bet you wish I could shut up right now. So I will. BEN Lottie came into the green room in her sparkly Columbia costume. I swear, she could blind someone with that thing. But anyway, she walked in and smiled at us. "Okay, boys, this is it- the moment you've rehearsed for. Ready?" she asked with a smile that could put Little Nell, the original Columbia to shame. "Yep. Hopefully, I don't screw this up," I replied. Since Hux is my boyfriend and dance partner, our pride is on the line with this performance. It's do or die time- he's Gene Wilder and I'm the monster for this number. "Alright boys, break a leg," she says, removing her top hat and smiling at us. We both clicked our way to the wings just as soon as the emcee finished introducing us. "... Ben Solo and Armitage Hux, with Puttin On The Ritz!" The audience applauded and I immediately began my zombie act. "Ladies and gentlemen, mesdames et messieurs, damen und heren. What was once an inarticulate mass of worthless tissue, is now a cultured, sophisticated, man about town!" Hux said with confidence, playing the part of "Froderick Fronkensteen" as whoops escaped from the audience. I trudged onstage mumbling for brains during Hux's spiel, remembering to pose on the "man about town" bit. "Hit it!" he crowed, pointing to Lottie to start the music. The lights onstage went down as Hux stripped off his lab coat and we both grabbed top hats and canes. But the story doesn't begin here- it begins in a tap dance class.