Kylo Ren is his new name. Well, actually, no. It’s actually Ben Solo but, the name sound so basic that he changed it. Kylo was fixing his black tie, ready to take charge of his Grandfather’s company ‘The Sith’. The Sith is a company that make media and rules other companies, like Disney but more powerful. Grandfather Anakin was Kylo’s role model and when his mother Leia told him that Anakin was murdered, Kylo was never the same. Anakin taught him everything when his mother and father wasn’t around. Now, Kylo’s life was just… incomplete. Kylo walk to the kitchen, getting two slices of bread and strawberry jam out of the fridge. He put the toast in the toaster and wait silently, walking to the couch, getting the remote and turning the TV on. The TV was on the channel of the news but, it just showed silly commercials. For girls. Like, jewelry, toys, and books. Kylo always wanted a kid. Especially a daughter. He just doesn’t know why! It’s just that his life felt so Incomplete. Kylo thoughts was interrupted when the toast popped up, scaring him. He got out a plate and put the toast on the plate carefully so he wouldn’t burn himself. “Ugh…” He groaned, realizing that he really got to go work. He’s proud that he’s taking the steps of his Grandfather but, the workers are living hell. Especially, Brian. Brian is Kylo’s assistant. Since Hux was gone, Brian took his spot. And oh my god, if you ever ask Kylo about how is job, all Kylo would do is rant, rant, and rant about Brian. Brian is annoying. Brian is scum. Brian is blah, blah, blaaaaaah. Kylo would use the Force on him but, the Force is for emergencies alone. ‘Heh. Yeah, right.’ Kylo thought, smirking. After eating, the grown man turned off the TV and grabbed his business case, walking to the door, grabbing his main coat and unlocking the door to get out. He close the door behind him and notice his neighbor’s daughter Lina was skating around the street. Lina’s green eyes glanced at Kylo and waved at him. Kylo really don’t give a damn but being the nice dude, he waved back. Kylo grumbled and walk to his Nissan Duster, getting in and turning on the car. As he drove out, he almost knock over Lina. He wish he could scream at the little girl. At ‘The Sith’, Kylo parked at his car and walked inside, greeted by his favorite worker ‘Phasma’. Kylo slightly grinned and pressed ‘up’ on the elevator. The elevator open and a few people backed away so Kylo could have space as he walked in. “Good morning, Mister Ben.” One of his workers, Snoke, said. Kylo felt his anger boiling. Oh, Snoke. That one person that can make Brian a friend of Kylo. Snoke been a worker for ‘The Sith’ for years, even before Kylo was even thought of. He still work here to honor Anakin but, also work here to manipulate Kylo. “Hell….O, Snoke.” Kylo grumbled, tapping his foot silently but quickly. Kylo could just see that smirk from the corner of his eyes as he hung his head and blushed. Kylo curled his naked hand to a fist but luckily, the door open and Kylo stormed out. ~~ 11:00 PM. Poe Dameron was strumming his guitar, singing ‘Never Had’, ‘Fare thee Well’, and ‘Hang me, oh Hang me’ for the club he was going to perform at. Poe was so glad it was the weekends (Fridays included). Basically, he’s a pilot and that job was quite torturous. At the bar, it was more peaceful and Poe was really, really well-appreciated by the audience. He was quite the ladies man, obviously. Beside, the bar is made and owned by his best pal Finn. But, the real and another reason why he couldn’t wait to go the bar because of a little girl name Aether. The first time Poe was in the bar, he was singing ‘Baby, it’s cold outside’ and notice a little girl in the front seat. Since the bar was 18+, Poe was confused and wonder why a little girl was in the bar. She didn’t even look like anybody daughter, despite the fact that she was alone and was dressed in rags with a destroyed teddy bear. Holy crap, now it’s bringing him back memories. Poe would always bring Aether something since she was treated badly by audiences. Locking the door and closing the door behind him, Poe walk off the steps of his apartment and start humming ‘Baby, it’s cold outside’ while walking to the bar around the corner. As he walk inside, the man was greeted by a middle aged, black man- Finn, with a hug. “Hey, Finn.” Poe smiled, hugging back. Finn is the middle aged man who been friends with Poe for years. He’s now married to Rey Kenobi, an investigator and now expecting twins with her. “Hey, how are you?” Finn asked, patting Poe’s back and removing the guitar case off his back. “Good as usual. How’s Rey?” Poe asked, gripping the case’s handle. “Good. 8 months. 1 month to go.” Finn chuckled, walking away. Poe prepared his guitar and walk to the stage, grabbing the stool closer to him and sat on it, lightly strumming his guitar. “Hello, Jakku Bar.” Poe said, his voice booming. He slightly glanced the room, looking to see if Aether was around. No, she wasn’t. He sighed and grinned at the fact that he heard a few cheers. “Ready for a few original songs?” He asked, strumming his guitar a little that sound could be heard. A few claps and cheers could be heard, making Poe happy. He start strumming his guitar to the tune ‘Fare thee Well’. ~~ 11:09 PM Kylo was typing emails and was writing plans for ‘The Sith’. One plan was to tweak the rules for ‘Lukefilm’. Sounds greedy? Not really. Kylo pressed enter to send the email and closed his laptop, grabbing his business case and walking out of his office. He was tired and mentally ill. He threw a few tantrums here and there, slapped Phasma on accident, and Snoke was killing him. He was done. He never knew that being a CEO of the BIGGEST companies was that troublesome. Also, he was THIS close to using the force. THIS close. Walking to the exit, he noticed Snoke stacking papers. ‘Are you fucking kidding me?’ Kylo thought, blushing. He stopped and turned to Snoke, who stopped stacking the papers and put them down. “My, my. Hello, Mister Ben.” Snoke said, walking to his boss. Kylo was breathing normally but inside, he wanted to scream. He was heating up as Snoke was 1 inch close to him. Kylo backed away and rushed to the exit. “Nononononononono…” He repeated, scared. Snoke was just creepy and Kylo always fall in his trap. This time, he was lucky. Hint, hint- WAS. He drove back home but noticed the ‘Jakku Bar’ open. “Maybe this time…” Kylo whispered, driving to the parking and parking at the very back. As he exit, he heard very loud instruments which ALMOST popped his ears. Kylo rushed inside and walk to the booth, sitting on a seat while banging his hand to notify a bartender. “Yes?” A pink-haired bartender asked. “Tequila?” Kylo asked, getting out a 5 dollar bill. The bartender hesitated for a moment and walked away. “Love is the drug…!” Poe yelled, dancing with a brown-haired girl. The girl start whispering the sentence Poe said while walking away seductively. The audience start clapping and hollering, giving Poe a smug smile and getting his case, walking out of the stage. “Whoooo, that’s awesome, Poe!” Finn yelled, patting Poe’s shoulder. “Thanks, man, appreciated.” Poe said, smiling. “Well, I gotta go. Rey keep calling me. Like again, thanks.” Finn said, rushing away. Poe smiled at Finn. He always been so… Energetic. Poe walk to the booth, excited as he noticed Aether spinning around while sitting on her chair. “Aether!” He yelled, sitting inbetween Aether and Kylo. Aether smiled and hugged Poe, who hugged back. “Poe!” She yelled, immaturely. Poe bring Aether close to him, kissing the temple of her pretty, grey hair. “How are you, sweetie?” Poe asked, letting go of Aether. “Gooo-o-d.” Aether stammered. She was getting there. Her English isn’t so great because every time she speak, it falls to gibberish. “Hm, that’s good.” Poe said, kissing Aether’s hair again and letting her sit down. Kylo was annoyed and felt a headache coming. It was too loud and he glanced at the the Aether girl. She looked way too young to be in the bar that Kylo was disturbed. The man talking to her must be her father but, they don’t look alike. Kylo couldn’t resist. “Hey, kids aren’t allowed to be in this bar.” Kylo said, looking sternly at Poe. “She been here.” Poe said, growling at Kylo. Both Poe and Kylo stopped giving stern looks at each other. “Poe?” “Ben?” Aether was terribly confused. Chapter 2 : Great to see you again Summary: Memories come again and Ben is so glad. Notes: Please like and comment! I need constructive criticism. What do you think of my OC Aether? (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe was amazed. Ben, his former best friend, was net to him and my God, he look drop dead sexy. (Shhh, Poe is bisexual) Back then, Ben was that one guy with the buckteeth, huge ears, and zits all over his face. Now, he look like a model from Gucci. "It been a while. Never knew you'll work in a club and..." Ben look at Aether, who look back; Aether had tan-ish skin and her eyes were grey. "I... Never knew you have a daughter." Poe was confused until he noticed Aether, who was confused. She look around and then at Poe. "Aether?" He asked, pointing his thumb at Aether. Aether back away a little. "She's not my daughter. She's lost." He laughed. Aether and Ben didn't get the joke... OR maybe it wasn't a joke and Poe was laughing because he wanted to. "Oh. So, what happened to Jessika?" Ben asked, drinking his fourth shot. Ben didn't get drunk, a rare specialty. "Pava? She's infertile. Besides that, she cheated on me with some guy." Poe said, bring Aether to his side. Aether blushed and side hugged Poe, almost hiding her face by burring it on his shirt. Ben eyes widen and slowly put his cup down. The tequila was too bitter anyway. "Nooooo!"He yelled, shocked. ~FB~ Ben was talking to Poe about the new sword game and airplanes. They both stop as they notice Jessika Pava, swaying her hair and talking to Ms. Lina, the English teacher. "She's soooo pretty." Poe said. Ben nodded in respond. "Yeah, I know." He said. Jessika was one of the most popular girls in school, beside Rey Kenobi. Alot of the boys were high over heels for her. ~ENDOFFB~ "Yeah." Poe nodded, looking guilty. Aether felt guilty, too, giving a teeny-tiny pitched groan, which caught Kylo's attention. "How did you two met?" Kylo asked, pointing Aether. Aether slightly jump and look around, afraid and curious. "Aether..." Poe whispered, looking away. He grinned at the young girl, who chuckled. Memories. Oh, memories. ~FB~ "Okay, okay, okay, okay..." Poe stopped singing and a big applause roared. He looked around and bowed, noticing a little girl smiling and clapping. She was alone, dressed in a rag dress and holding a sabotaged bear. The bar was 18+ and the kid look like she was 11. Poe walked off the stage and noticed the girl was alone. No one looked like her, excluding the fact that she had grey hair and grey eyes. Poe walked to her table and the girl was scared, going to fetus position. "No, no, no," Poe said, sitting down across from the girl, "I'm not going to hurt you." "Hurt..." The girl whispered, her voice sounding broken. She reverse her fetus position to normal sitting position. "Yes. Hurt. I won't hit you." Poe said. The girl quickly react to the sentence Poe said, negatively. "I'm Poe." Poe said. "A...Ae...Aether." The girl, now Aether, whispered. ~ ENDOFFB~ "Aw, that's cute." Kylo smiled. Kylo wouldn't mind keeping the girl but his behavior isn't so stable. He wanted to make a family. But, with who, though? He shook his head and listen to what Poe got to say. "...She's not good speaking English." Poe said, tired. "So, she's slow?" Kylo asked, his voice getting lazy. Poe shrugged, putting his head down. Aether didn't react to Kylo's comment. It was 12:00 AM, according to the TV's clock. "Ah, shit. I gotta go." Kylo said, getting up and putting his coat on. "Oh. Well, it was nice seeing you, bud. It been a while." Poe smiled, lazily. Kylo begin to walk away and then stop before opening the door. "Wanna get in my car and take you home?" "What?" "Do you want me to take you home?" "Oh, no. Ben, you don't have to." Kylo walk to Poe and hold his hand, helping him stand. Poe grabbed his case and smiled. "Okay, then." He nodded. The two men start walking and walk out of the entrance. Kylo then stopped. "What about Aether?" He asked. "Aether don't have a home. She live in the bar." Poe said. Kylo unlocked his car with his key and both went inside. "Oh, nice." Poe said, looking around. It was so clean and large. "Thanks." Kylo said, driving to the street. "So, where?" He asked, stopping at a red light. ~~ Kylo stop at a street near Poe's apartment. "Thanks. Really need it." Poe smiled, getting close to Kylo. Kylo looked down and smiled, hiding a small chuckle and blushing. Poe was so damn cute. He just want to kiss his pretty lips. "Hey, Poe. You wouldn't mind if I do something, right?" Kylo asked, getting closer to Poe. Poe back away a little and nodded. Kylo slowly kiss his lips and tongue fight Poe's tongue. Poe, on the other hand, kissed back and wrap his tongue with Kylo. Poe broke the kiss and both tongues had a strand of saliva. "Nice." Was all Kylo said. Poe didn't say anything but a 'Bye' and went off the car. Kylo looked away and sighed, starting his car again and driving away. ' Holy shit... I'm gay .' He thought, driving to his home. He just don't know what to do anymore. Notes: Thanks for reading! :D Chapter 3 Notes: Please like and comment! Constructive criticism is okay! Thank you for reading. :D Next chapter will be about Kylo's backstory (about the Snoke thing and all) At home, Kylo was sleep-deprived. It was 6 AM, which is 15 minutes from work. He was tossing and turning, sweating and aching; not knowing what to do. He noticed a poke and a ache in his private area. "What the fuck?" He whispered, noticing a huge turn-on when it came to his penis. He only kissed Poe, think of nothing else, and now this? What else? Kylo rubbed his thighs, making the penis ache even worse. What could he do? He sure don't have any sex toys. Okay, maybe an anal plug that's all. He need to fix this urgently. He threw the covers away and quickly took off his boxers, revealing a huge erection. He keep thinking of Poe. In the bottom and Kylo in the top, being dominant. The penis was red, long, huge, and was leaking cum. Was it really THAT bad? Besides, Kylo never masturbated before. He does know what it is but never masturbate it. He just use the anal plug because... Things. Kylo grabbed his penis, shivering from the cool touch of his hand to his heat. His hand was slipping because of how wet his penis was. He didn't even came, excluding the pre-cum. Kylo slowly went up and down, his penis getting more wet, heated, and erected when he thinks of Poe. ~SM (sexual memory)~ Poe was cringing by the length of Kylo inserted inside him. His cock was half-limp, half erected by the heat around him. They even reek of sex! Kylo lift one leg of Poe up and his thrusts went faster, hitting his prostate. "Ah~!" Poe moaned, his voice raising high to low. He came on his chest and almost passed out, but was awaken by a slap. "Now, dear. Eat it." Kylo said, holding Poe chin with his index finger. "What?" Poe asked. He realized it was semen. HIS semen. Poe took out his index finger and scoop up a bit of cum from his chest. He then kitten-licked it, earning another slap from Kylo . This time it was so harsh that it keft a bruise. Poe winced and rubbed his bruised cheek. Kylo then went closer to Poe's ear and whispered "I'm going to fuck you so hard if you don't obey me. You won't even walk for almost a month.". Poe shivered and gulp the whole thick cream. He shuddered and gagged. He can't even deepthroat a penis due to that. Kylo grasp his own penis and slowly stroke it, thinking of horrible things that can turn him off. ~ENDOFSM~ Kylo groaned as he came for the second time. He almost passed out until he glanced at the wet stains on his sheets. Did he orgasm that much? He look at his alarm and it was 6:45 AM. His eyes widen and he got up quickly, opening his closet and change to his normal work outfit. At work, no one was really here. Only 4 or 5 people were there like Phasma, Snoke, and Brian. "Hey, where is everyone?" Kylo asked, rushing to Phasma. "It's New Years Day. Don't you remember?" Phasma answered, stacking papers. "What the fuck- I'm sorry, I'm just- I didn't know." Kylo said. There was awkward silence for a good minute until Kylo walked away. He stopped when Snoke hummed his name. 'Oh no.' Kylo thought, walking away. He waved bye to everyone while going out to his car. Now, you may be asking why is Kylo been acting weird around Snoke. Y'know, blushing, anxiety, and of course, horrible moods. But, here's why- He was sexually abused by Snoke when he was younger. It was a tramutizing time...