Just A Feeling The General sighed wearily as the sun rose over the horizon, painting the clouds different shades of pink and red. Hosnian Prime was beautiful in the sunrise… shame the beauty was marred by the presence of the First Order. The Galactic Senate had made the bold decision to try and negotiate with the successor of the Empire, and surprisingly, they had accepted. Due to the threat that the First Order presented, the Senate also invited the Resistance over, in case of any trouble. It had been several months, and so far, everything had been relatively peaceful… relatively. Every so often, a member of the Resistance would go missing from off the streets, and although she couldn’t prove it, the General knew that Hux was responsible. Him and his Stormtroopers. Whilst it could be argued that Hux didn’t bring his entire armada of brainwashed soldiers, he certainly brought enough to keep everyone on edge. Taking control of an abandoned warehouse, Hux’s Troopers were kept locked away from the rest of the city, only coming out for patrols and to guard Hux during negotiations. The General couldn’t help but feel slightly sorry for them. As people began to file into the streets, eager to start their trading and buying before the Trooper patrols became more frequent, the General’s thoughts turned to a leaked report on one of the Troopers. Members of the Resistance were able to hack into a secure First Order line briefly and copy one Troopers’ file. FN-2187. The file detailed the horrific treatment that Troopers would go through in order to make them loyal to the First Order. Brainwashing techniques that were made illegal several years ago, when the circumstances of how the original clone troopers were made to be loyal to the Empire after Order 66, were first made public knowledge. What was more horrific, was how Hux and the First Order ‘recruited’ their Stormtroopers, specifically FN-2187. Child abduction. Per the report, Fn-2187’s parents tried to hide their child from the recruitment team, choosing to escape from their village in the dead of night via the river…. But they were caught. Hux himself shot the Troopers’ Father and other male members, before pursuing the Mother all the way to the steps of an old Temple. There, he pushed her down the steps where she broke her neck, giving him the chance to steal the baby from her arms. Other babies were stolen that day, however, none were taken with the violence that FN-2187 was. FN-2187. A number. These Troopers didn’t even have proper names…. They were just one of many, cannon fodder for the First Order. “General?” The General turned around to smile at the visitor, silently prompting the young man to continue. “…You’ve been up here all night. Have you slept? It is a big day after all.” “… I know. I’m sure I’ll be able to manage.” The young man frowned, “You seemed… deep in thought. Is there anything I can help with?” “I was just…” The General sighed, “… I have a riddle for you, if you’re willing?” “If you want?” “Who are the true monsters in this scenario… the brainwashed Troopers who have no choice, or us who kill them knowing what we know.” The young man seemed conflicted at this, remaining silent until finally, he shrugged. “Well…. The Troopers do have a choice, don’t they? They could choose to leave if they wanted, once they’ve seen how cruel the First Order really is?” “Many of these Troopers have been raised this way since birth… this is all that they’ve ever known. Simply leaving it must be difficult.” The young man shook his head, “I’ve always believed that people are born good… they have the choice whether or not to do bad things.” “So, even though we retaliate against their attacks, it is what they deserve?” The young man clearly struggled with this, so the General took pity on him. “If one of the Troopers decided to betray the First Order, would your position on them change?” “…Maybe. But it’s never happened before. Why should it happen today or any other day?” General Leia Organa glanced up to the sky and smiled gently. “I just have a feeling….” Chapter 2 : Thoughts of Freedom Notes: I should really try and do a different Disney Au, other than Cinderella or Hunchback of Notre Dame, but meh…. This is a Stormpilot HBOND AU  I hope you like it and please read and review :) FN-2187 was used to the rigorous morning routine set out by the First Order. 6:30 wake up and make bed (per strict military standards) 6:45 shower and dress 7:00 breakfast 8:30 training or patrol (depending on the schedule of the Trooper) Between 7:30 (when breakfast stopped) and 8:30, Troopers were expected to clean their weapons and read over the First Order Handbook… FN-2187 however, whilst on Hosnian Prime, preferred to do something different. Each Trooper was allowed their own space, equipped with a washbasin, a bed and a radio. Now this radio was meant for First Order news, FN-2187 had found something else. Rey. Rey and her mysterious male companion. Every morning, between 7:45 and 8:15, the pair try and inspire the people who listen to their show, spreading hope throughout the city. When he first arrived, FN-2187 couldn’t understand why the pair needed to spread this message. However, the longer that they stayed on Hosnian Prime, the more FN-2187 saw happening in the streets…. The more he understood. Almost every day, FN-2187 had seen fellow Troopers threaten and hurt innocent civilians, which only seemed to spread fear…. And hate. After eating the gloop that the First Order considered ‘breakfast’, FN-2187 rushed to his quarters and quickly polished his blaster, knowing that if he didn’t, Phasma would have him running drills for months to come. As soon as the clock hit 7:45, he switched the radio on and typed in the correct channel. Immediately Rey’s voice spoke out. “Good morning to everyone! Especially to me as the bird that was sleeping outside my window… and waking me up at the crack of dawn…. Has finally flown the coop!” “You were the one who kept leaving crumbs outside for it’s Mum….” Reminded the mysterious man, “…. The chick she left behind is your responsibility.” “Ah, there’s that word again… responsibility.” There was a pause, before Rey’s voice came over the radio again, a more cheerful tone taking over. “But today is not the day for responsibility! Today is the Festival of Life! Time for us to celebrate what makes us, us!” “Indeed, and we hope to see many of you there to celebrate. Even though this planet is going through some hard times, we mustn’t forget about fun and coming together.” FN-2187 grabbed his tablet and quickly checked his schedule… no such luck. He was training within the compound all day. “Great…” he groaned as Rey and her co-host talked about mimes, and the other entertainers who would be present at the festival. It sounded too good to be true. His thoughts turned to simply sneaking out to the festival (thoughts he wouldn’t even have considered thinking before this radio show). The food. The music. The company of someone other than the other Troopers. Going outside of the compound without his helmet was certainly forbidden…. Surely he couldn’t. As he was thinking over his decision, the mysterious man spoke up again. “Remember everyone. Life’s not a spectator sport. If watching’s all you’re going to do, then you’re going to watch your life pass by without you.” “Yes!” agreed Rey, “Nobody wants to stay cooped up inside on a lovely day like this!” This grabbed FN-2187’s attention. He says he’s sick…. Sneak out of the doors without his uniform on…. And then sneak back in when the festival was over. And if he was caught, then surely it was better to beg forgiveness than ask permission? Not many people knew what he looked like under the helmet…. His real face would be the perfect disguise! Suddenly, he heard footsteps coming up the corridor…. Straight towards his quarters. Frantically, he switched the radio off and grabbed his blaster, going back to cleaning it as the door slid open. “FN-2187.” Resisting the urge to flinch under Phasmas’ gaze, FN-2187 placed the blaster by his side and stood to attention. “Sir.” Phasma glanced around the room, almost approvingly. “FN-2187. I am glad to see you attending to your blaster. However, many of your squad have reported concerning behaviour coming from you recently.” “Concerning behaviour Sir?” “Yes. A reluctance to do what needs to be done in order to destroy the Resistance. I sincerely hope that is not the case?” FN-2187 shook his head and answered in the negative, remaining as still as he could without seeming too suspicious. Seemingly satisfied with this, Phasma left, allowing the other Trooper to relax. That was too close. ……………………………………………………. Kylo Ren strode through the streets of Hosnian Prime, sneering under his mask at the people who cowered and hid from him. Funny. The last time he travelled to Hosnian Prime, he was still in training to be a Jedi. People didn’t respect him as much back then…. They didn’t fear him as much. As he turned a corner, Kylo Ren couldn’t help but smirk. Kneeling by a flower stall, handing over a small bunch of flowers to a little girl…. Was Poe Dameron. Poe Dameron was a young adult when Kylo…. No, Ben, left the Resistance and the dead bodies of his fellow Padawans’ behind. The two had once been friends, but obviously, that was no longer the case. Shame. Poe had aged well. “Troopers! Troopers!” At the warning call, Poe shot to his feet, ushering the little girl over to her mother, before moving to try and get away from the oncoming patrol. However, those seconds he spent helping the little girl cost him. Before Poe could dart down a nearby alleyway in order to avoid detection, his arm was grabbed by a Trooper, who pulled him closer. “Hey, isn’t this the poster boy of the Resistance?” “Yeah!” agreed another Trooper, prodding Poe with his blaster as the pilot rolled his eyes. “If I’d known I had fans, I’d have brought my special autograph pen!” Chuckled Poe, who was trying to pull his arm free, “But if you let me go, I’m sure I can go get them for you!” The Troopers’ grip clearly tightened, as Poe winced slightly. “Nice try Resistance scum!” For a few seconds, it appeared as though Dameron was simply going to give up and surrender… until he kicked one of the Troopers away from him. Now this wasn’t enough of a distraction for the other Trooper to let the pilot go. The orange and white BB droid zapping them however, was enough. Came as a bit of a shock to them as Poe laughed and sprinted away, his spherical droid close behind him, beeping excitedly. Watching from the shadows, Kylo watched in disdain as the Troopers picked themselves off the ground, clearly making the decision not to pursue the pilot. “How disappointing…” he drawled, taking enjoyment in how the Troopers flinched in shock, “… I see General Hux’s reassurances that his army were flawless may have been a bit premature.” “L-lord Ren!” one of the Troopers stammered, “We weren’t informed of your arrival today!” “I wasn’t aware that I had to report my coming and goings to you?” The Troopers began to stammer and stutter out their excuses. Their pathetic nature grated on Kylo Ren’s nerves, “I think I would be doing everyone a favour by taking you off the streets. I suggest you escort me to General Hux and the base of the First Order….silently!” The Troopers were quick to obey, and almost half an hour later, Ren found himself within the walls of their new base, striding through the corridor until he reached Hux’s office. “Aah Ren…” sighed Hux, not even glancing up from his paperwork “… I had hoped that you would be too busy with your training to grace us with your presence.” “Supreme Leader Snoke is concerned over your results, or lack thereof regarding the negotiations between the First Order and the Galactic Senate. I was sent to try and… motivate you.” Hux sighed, “The Galactic Senate has a little more help then what we previously believed. The Resistance presence is growing every day.” “They really pose such a large threat?” Nodding, Hux got up from his desk and headed towards the window that looked out onto the streets. “The Resistance disregard any rules that we have set, living outside of the natural order.” “Surely this… disrespect does not come as much of a surprise to you? The Resistance has always stood against us.” “They appeared to have stepped it up a notch. The people of Hosnian Prime are listening to them, revolting against the Troopers, and therefore the First Order. The number of rebellions has risen in the past few months that we’ve been here!” Hux sighed again, “I’ve been keeping an eye on the more vocal members of the Resistance, taking them out one by one…. And yet, the Resistance continues to thrive.” He turned to Ren, “Much like us, I believe they have their own secret hideaway… one member disappears so another takes their place.” “So, what do you plan to do?” A bug wandered across the windowsill, only to be violently squished between Hux’s thumb and the windowsill surface. Ren smiled beneath his mask, “The Supreme Leader will approve of this.” “Naturally.” Suddenly, from outside the window, came the sounds of a crowd cheering and a band playing a lively tune. Hux rolled his eyes, “I had hoped that they would cancel this ridiculous Festival during the negotiations, but apparently not…. Have you ever attended the Festival of Life?” Ren’s thoughts turned to sunny days, before he was ‘encouraged’ to train with Uncle Luke, laughing as his Mother held him up to see the different performances. “No…” he muttered, “…. No, I haven’t.”