"Jess. Help me. I don't know how to handle this." Jessika glanced over at Rey, who was laying on her bed in the room they shared. Her hair was out of its usual three buns and hung in curtains around her face as she dramatically draped halfway off the bed. "He's so goddamn cute . But I have no idea how to boy. Or girl, for that matter." A bitter taste presented itself in Jess's mouth. Of course Rey was talking about Finn. The younger woman hadn't talked about much else since returning with Luke Skywalker three months prior. "Finn has the cutest smile! It lights up the entire room." Every word she spoke about him was another blaster shot to Jess's heart. She wasn't sure how long she had loved Rey. Maybe it was from that night she had first shown the Jedi the beauty of alcohol and they had lazily waltzed around the bonfire. Maybe it was from the day she appeared in the hangar after Starkiller, hugging the General as though her life depended on it, all brown eyes and forlorn beauty. Maybe Jess had loved her in some sort of past life. And maybe Rey could reciprocate that love. Maybe in a galaxy far, far away where beautiful boys with toothy grins and hearts of gold were just friends to her. But this was reality. This galaxy was here and now and Jess knew that she needed to choke down her jealousy and be a good friend. After all, Finn was kind. He was charming and good and deserved every ounce of Rey's affection. Jess had no right to stand in their way, she decided. After a moment, she found her voice around the lump in her throat. "Have you tried actually talking to him about your feelings?" Rey slowly drew herself into a sitting position, staring at Jess as though she had suddenly grown tentacles. "Are you kidding me? I can't do that!" "Why not?" "It's not that simple!" Rey exclaimed, growing agitated. "He's brave, and gorgeous, and kind, and he's fucking out of my league , Jess! Force!" The older woman raised her eyebrows, unconvinced, shoving away the flash of hurt she felt at Rey's harshness. She sat down on the bed and gently took her trembling hand. "He may be the first three of those things, but there is no one, and I do mean no one , in the galaxy that could be out of your league, Rey. You're... you." Rey chuckled dryly. "You're my friend, you have to say that." "No, I'm saying it because it's true," Jess protested. "Rey, you're beautiful and funny and badass. He'd be a fool to turn you down. Look, you just have to communi—" "I can't!" Rey snapped. She stood quickly, ripping her hand away like she'd been burnt and began to frustratedly pace back and forth. "You don't get it , Jessika! You've never experienced this! You just don't know how bad it hurts to love someone so much and for them to have no idea how you feel! It's li—" She stopped her tirade when she saw that Jess's face had crumpled, her gaze fixed on the floor. Slapping a hand over her mouth, Rey kneeled in front of her, eyes wide with horror. "Oh, Jess, I'm so sorry. Master Luke says I have to work on my anger, I didn't mean that, I... that was an awful thing to say. I have no clue what kind of things you've experienced—" "It's okay," Jess interrupted, looking up at her. "You're right. No, I guess I don't... get it. I don't get it," she lied, teeth clenched and voice barely audible. She stayed silent when Rey pulled her into a tight embrace. As long as she's happy.