Finn woke up on a sand planet. It wasn’t Jakku, which was a blessing. He knew it wasn’t Jakku because he was lying on his back out in the sand and he could see two suns. For all that Jakku was a hell planet of sand and poverty, at least they didn’t have two suns making it horribly hot. This planet, though, apparently had actual mountains, or at least rocky hills. Finn was lying face up in the middle of the desert, but when he turned his head he didn’t see just sand dunes, but also a wide plane which some kind of natural stone outcropping. And it had to be pretty big since Finn could still make it out even though it didn’t seem to be close. He sat up, taking inventory. He had on his jacket, the one he got from Poe that Poe had repaired for Finn to take with him when he headed off to Luke Skywalker for training. His lightsaber, well, Luke’s lightsaber was clipped to his belt. He had his small blaster on his other hip. The big blaster lay in the sand nearby. It didn’t look like it was going anywhere so Finn kept taking inventory. He had his boot knives and a bag that Finn had packed for… “Ugh,” Finn mumbled, rubbing his head. He was sore, tired and probably already dehydrated. He pulled the bag close and looked inside. One change of clothes, two canteens which were wonderfully full, and the new medkit he’d been gifted by General Organa when he left. He also found a couple of rations bars and the one of the half dozen of hand sized rolls Rey had baked and sent off with him when he went on his mission. A small pouch of coins that Luke assured him could be traded on basically any planet. He took a swig of water, put the canteen back in his pack and then went digging to find the wide brimmed hat he thought he’d had. It was the only thing he remembered packing that he didn’t have. Anything else he didn’t have he remembered using. Hadn’t he been in a jungle before this happened? How the hell did he get here? He knew there hadn’t been two suns wherever Luke had dragged him off to. Finn sighed. He unclipped his lightsaber from his belt and the blaster. Both went into the bag. He slung that over his shoulder and then grabbed the larger blaster and slung that over his shoulder as well. He could see a little further when he was standing. Opposite of the rock outcropping was a city. It was definitely an actual city, not just the dinky trading outpost Rey had lived near on Jakku. Finn headed toward the city. It would be easier to find some transport somewhere in the city. And he would be able to figure out where he was. He also didn’t want to run out of water. Water was often the most valuable commodity on desert planets, according to both Rey and Luke who’d both grown up on desert planets. Finn knew not to stay still. A long walk didn’t get any shorter when you waited to take it. It also gave him time to think. He became more awake as he walked. He slowly started to piece his memories together. Luke had left Rey on Ahch-To and taken Finn and Finn’s ship on a mission. Luke said there was a Jedi relic that he kept seeing in his dreams. Rey had an easier time seeing Force Ghosts, which meant if something happened to Finn and Luke that Rey might still be able to learn how to be Jedi. Luke told him privately during the flight that Finn being a weapon’s expert meant they’d probably both make it home safely. Finn remembered a jungle, being separated from Luke, Kylo Ren. And a large glowing stone. “Shit,” he muttered to himself. Well, he didn’t think that Kylo Ren had gotten him. Luke’s lightsaber was something Kylo Ren had really wanted before. And Finn was pretty certain that Finn would have been dead if Kylo Ren had gotten to him. So maybe the glowing stone did something. Was teleportation something the Force could do? Well, with all the other things it could do, Finn didn’t see why not. And as such, Finn decided not to worry about Luke. If that stone had been able to send Finn to a desert planet, then it had probably been able to send either Kylo Ren (who had been pretty close to Finn when then stone’s light suddenly got near blinding) or Luke somewhere else. As long as Kylo Ren wasn’t with Luke, it would be okay. Finn knew how to get to Ahch-To as long as he could find transport. He could probably contact Poe and get help. Or something. The point as that being part of the Resistance meant there were options. Finn smiled a little at the thought and pressed on. The twin suns were setting when Finn finally made it into the city. Nightlife was starting to turn up. A human woman beckoned him over. The temperature was beginning to drop, so Finn was certain that this woman was looking for someone to sleep with, considering her state of undress. “I’m not really interested,” Finn said when he got over to her. Her solicitous smile dimmed. “But I crashed here and I’m not really certain where I am. I’ll pay if you can fill me in,” he offered. Her smile grew a little wider. “Come inside then,” she said. He followed into what wasn’t exactly a cantina, but also wasn’t exactly a brothel. He let the woman take his hand and lead him back through all the people who were sitting around playing cards or listening to the music. She led him past the bar and into a back hallway where he could hear groaning. Finn was glad it was dark so she couldn’t see him blush. His relationship with Rey was still very new, and all the pornographic holos he’d seen before he’d escaped the First Order had been muted, for the safety of the Stormtroopers. The woman led him into a room which almost seemed like a closet with a cot. “What do you have to pay with?” the woman asked. She had bright brown eyes like Rey’s. Finn produced a coin from his pocket that he’d taken out and put them here he got into the city. She examined the coin for a few moments before she let out a happy gasp. She stuffed the coin into her cleavage. “What do you want to know?” she asked with a wide, toothy smile. “Can we sit?” Finn asked. “Whatever you want stranger,” she said. She sat and patted the spot on the cot next to him. He quickly wiped off the back of his pants in case there was sand. He saw her smiled soften a little. She was still smiling the same way when he sat. “Is this a First Order planet?” he asked. “I have never heard of them,” she said. “This is Hutt space.” Well, that explained a few things. And he was less likely to get turned over to the First order, which was also a plus. “Okay,” Finn said. “What planet and what city?” “Tatooine,” she said. “Mos Espa.” “Aw Hell,” Finn muttered. Well, at least Luke would know how to come get him, since Luke had apparently grown up on his backwater death planet. “What’s wrong?” the woman asked, cocking her head to one side. “My teacher’s from here,” Finn said. He let out a heavy sigh. “Oh well…. Can you tell me the best place to make a call?” “Not here,” she said with a little laugh. “Yeah, I guessed,” he said. “You need to go further into town, but in the morning,” she said. “You paid enough that you can stay here tonight if you like.” “I would,” Finn said. “I’m a light sleeper, a soldier.” He hoped she would understand and not try to rob him. “Understood,” she said. “I’ll draw you a map in the morning,” she said. “Okay,” Finn said. He eyed the too skinny stomach he could see on her. “Have you eaten?” He dug in his pack and produced the roll. “My… my lover made these for me,” he said offering it to her. The woman gave him an odd look. “Are they full of something?” she asked, sniffing the roll. “No. She’s from Jakku,” Finn explained. “And I already ate the other five. She’d be pretty mad if I didn’t give you this one.” The woman smiled at him. “I’m Lyra,” she said. She took a bite of the roll and let out a happy noise. Rey had put all kinds of seeds in the dough. It was dense and retained moisture well. They were practically a meal in unto themselves. “Your lover is a good baker.” “She is,” Finn said with a smile. “She’s been learning anyway. Her first attempts were the worst.” “I bet you ate them anyway,” Lyra said with a sly smile. “Absolutely,” Finn said with a wide grin. Lyra chuckled softly. “You’re a gentle man,” she told him. “Be careful you do not get taken because of that softness.” “I’m a fighter,” Finn told her. He was kind. He wasn’t stupid or weak. She nodded. “That’s rare. Do you want the cot?” “I’ll take the floor if you don’t mind,” Finn said. Lyra hesitated. “I’ll get in trouble,” she finally said. “Then I’ll take the bed,” Finn said. He pulled off his boots and left them on the floor. He didn’t think Lyra would take them. But he laid down with his blaster strap and bag strap over him. He was a light sleeper and he didn’t trust this stranger. Finn needed his things too much. But he didn’t need to worry. He laid his head on the pillow and slept. A number of hours later Lyra shook Finn’s shoulder. “Stranger,” she whispered. “It’s time for you to go. The suns will be up soon.” “Okay,” Finn mumbled. Lyra left him alone. It gave him a moment alone to take a swig of water, stretch and then pull on his shoes. He’d just finished getting on his boots when she returned with a piece of flimsiplast that had something drawn on it. “We’re here,” she said. She pointed to a dot on the edge of the drawing. “You want to go here. You go left when you leave here until you get to the cross roads. Turn left. This will take you to the main road. Walk down it until you reach the place with all the stalls. Go right. The closest place to make a call belongs to Watto. Toydarian. Do not bet anything with him. He’s shrewd and smart, but he won’t let you go if you lose.” “Got it,” Finn said. He folded up the flimsi. “Thank you Lyra.” She nodded. “It’s nothing,” she insisted and then opened the door. She didn’t walk him out, but he was able to walk down the hall on his own. The cantina portion of the building had no one except passed out drunks and one half awake bartender. Finn was able to get out easily. The streets outside were just as deserted as the cantina had been. The suns hadn’t really risen yet, there was just barely light enough for Finn to see where he was going. Not all of the lamps were out yet either. He walked lightly down the road, not wanting to disturb the quiet of the early morning. Still, with each step he made more and more people seemed to be waking. Most of them looked very tired and very poor. Finn was reminded of his first real mission in the mine. Expect, instead of people who hadn’t seen sunlight in far too long, all of these people looked like they had suffered sun sickness far too often. But none of them were less trapped than the miners. The poverty was no less gripping, and Finn still looked like someone who could hurt them. He hadn’t seen much of Mos Espa, but it was a big city, clearly a port city that got a wide range of non-locals. He’d seen a bunch of people who had blasters of some kind, though a lot seemed to be pretty old. Finn’s blaster was one he’d stolen off a dead Stormtrooper. Whenever Finn had a chance he tried to find call signs or nicknames. He had a list in his head of those who’d died. He’d known some of the people he’d helped kill. He tried to not dwell on that particular guilt. The blaster he had was from a woman named TS-1532. He didn’t know what else she’d been called. But when Finn had been camouflaging his blaster he made sure to scratch that name into the handle. He ran his thumb over it whenever he made a shot. The instructions turned out to be reliable. He ducked into a shop whose sign proudly proclaimed it to be Wald’s Parts. It wasn’t warm outside yet. In fact it was still cool the way deserts at night could be. It was even cooler inside the shop, but because of the fairly open nature of the store and the shade most of it was in, Finn felt like that would be a good thing come the afternoon suns. “Hello?” Finn called “Hello,” a woman said. Finn turned and offered her a smile. She had a tired face, one weathered by sadness. She was dressed for the same kind of poverty on everyone else that Finn had passed that morning. “I was told I could make a call out?” Finn asked. “Customers are allowed to use the system for free. Unless the call is off world, then you have to pay for that too,” the woman said. “Okay,” Finn said. He dug around in his pocket for another coin. He pulled it out and offered it to the woman. “Will this cover the call?” The woman allowed Finn to drop the coin in her hand. Finn didn’t really know what the coins were except a sort of white silver and that they didn’t have more that a bare circle design around the edges. But Lyra had accepted the coin the night before with a sort of happy surprise that told Finn they were worth something. “Oh my,” the woman said with show. “Mythra,” she breathed out. “What?” Finn asked. “Is it pure?” she asked. “I… I have no idea,” Finn admitted. “You don’t know what this is, do you?” she asked in a whisper. “Not a clue. A friend told me it could be used as currency,” Finn whispered back. The woman glanced around and then stepped closer to Finn. Finn leaned in so she wouldn’t have to speak very loudly. “Mythra is a pirate treasure. Like gold, except more valuable because it can be so integral to ship building, and it can be used to patch just about anything. It’s also really hard to come by, especially out here and really costly,” she whispered hurriedly. Finn nodded. He felt someone coming. He stepped away from the woman as someone, Finn was assuming the Toydarian as Finn had never seen one before. “We have a customer,” the woman said. “I can see that Shmi,” the Toydarian said. It reminded Finn a little too much of Phasma when she was giving orders. Instantly Finn didn’t like him. “I’m looking for a call off planet,” Finn said. “And to trade.” “We aren’t a barter station,” the toydarian almost snarled. “Show him what I gave you,” Finn said to the woman, Shmi. Shmi held the mythra coin up to the light, where it shown white like the stars. Watto couldn’t quite take his eyes off it. Finn had to work hard not to smirk. “I’ll trade you for any calls I need to make and assorted parts I may need while I’m here,” Finn said. “And no questions asked.” “Of course, this way,” Watto said with a big smile. He flew over to the call center at the wall. “And if you try to cheat me, I’ll know,” Finn said, running a hand down his blaster. “Yes,” Watto said, sounding less happy. “Shmi, show the man how to make a call.” He took the Mythra coin and flew away to the back. Shmi smiled at Finn once Watto was gone. “You did well,” she said. “I did, didn’t I?” Finn said. He was pleased with himself. He’d gotten better at pretending and lying since General Organa had taught him a few things while he was in recovery. But he didn’t get to practice while he was on Ahch-To. Shmi didn’t comment. She just showed him how to use the comm system. Finn pushed in the numbers for the ship he’d been given. So far all calls had worked to it, but not from it. When no one answered Finn was disappointed but not exactly surprised. The ship wasn’t great. Finn tried the Falcon next. Absolutely nothing. Now Finn felt a spike of worry, but he shoved it down and tried Poe’s number. Again, nothing. Each number he tried turned up nothing or something wrong. He got the number of a farmer on a planet Finn had never heard of at one point. That one was supposed to be Leia Organa’s emergency number, and the farmer said the number had been in his family for years. Finn hung up an hour later with a massive headache and a million currently unanswerable questions. “You seem kind of frustrated,” a young voice said from Finn’s side. Finn looked down and blinked at the kid at his side. “Yeah, I am,” Finn said. “I’m Finn, what’s your name?” “I’m Anakin,” the boy said. “You… have we met before?” Finn asked. There was something about the boy that felt desperately familiar and yet not. It reminded Finn a little bit of Luke, but also not. “No,” Anakin said. “I don’t think so. But you seem a little like my mom.” “Your mom?” Finn asked. Anakin indicated the woman who was still moving around the shop. Now that the kid said it, Finn realized that the woman also seemed familiar. While Finn knew in his brain that he’d never met them, he felt down in his very bones that they were achingly familiar. “It’s like…” the kid struggled for a moment to find the words. Finn leaned against the counter near the call system and let him think. “It’s like you feel like us, but don’t too. The glow isn’t right.” “I understand,” Finn said. “Really?” Anakin asked. “I do,” Finn said. “My teacher had said something similar before. Well, he said that I explain things in odd terms.” Anakin smiled brightly. “Mom says I don’t explain stuff well, but she still understands me.” “The glow. Does everyone have it?” Finn asked. “No,” Anakin said. “I’ve seen a lot of people have a little. But my mom has a lot, and so do I, but you’ve got way more than my mom and I thought she was as bright as one of the suns.” Finn looked over at Shmi was sweeping the floor. Luke had trained him how to be able to see the Force to some extent. Luke told him that Finn was actually better at it than Luke was. Finn closed his eyes and took a deep breath through his nose. Finn reached for the force and there it was. Rey asked Finn often what the Force looked like. He had a hard time explaining because the Force did and did not have a brightness. There was and was not a color to it. It was both as tangible as Rey’s mouth and as impossible to touch as the air. But is blazed around all of them. It blazed around Luke and Rey so beautifully. It blazed around Kylo Ren like a cancer. When Finn looked inward he found not a fire in his being but a deep ocean of warmth and light. So Finn closed his eyes, found his center and then looked outward. Watto was nearby. He had an anti-shininess, the type that told Finn that trying to touch him with the Force would be noticed and not appreciated. Shmi had the brightness and strength of a large bonfire. Anakin though. His was a forest planet on fire. Like Luke and yet not, out of control in the way Luke wasn’t. Finn gasped and opened his eyes. “Anakin, are you bothering the customer?” Watto demanded. “No,” Finn said, rubbed his forehead. “Just a headache. The kid was about to show me parts.” “Great, great,” Watto said with false cheer. He eyed Finn too closely, but Finn just stared back. He wasn’t to be questioned on this. Watto did back down and flitted away, but he didn’t look happy. “How did you do that?” Anakin asked once Watto was out of earshot. “Do what?” Finn asked. “See like that?” Anakin asked. “No one else can see the way I can see.” Finn smiled a little. “I taught myself a little. And I had someone teach me the rest,” Finn explained. “My teacher tells me I can get better.” “Can you teach me?” Anakin asked. Finn laughed quietly, not wanting to alert Watto to the conversation they were having. “I thought you said you could see already,” Finn pointed out. “Yeah, but it’s not the same way. Can you try?” Anakin asked. “If no one’s answering that means you’d going to stay for a while, right?” Finn felt suddenly sad. He looked to the Call system. The Force had done something. Finn was going to believe that the Force had saved him. And he was going to believe that he’d figure out what to do later. But for now he didn’t know. “Yeah, it looks like it kid,” Finn said. “So yeah, I don’t see why not.” Luke said that while the Emperor had tried very hard to get rid of all the Jedi that he hadn’t been able to get rid of everyone who was force sensitive. Every day, new ones were born. The Force had a will to keep doing what it wanted, even though people all over the universe tried to stop it from happening. Apparently the Force had decided that it was going to create people bright with the Force and then hide them away… well, at least Finn guessed that’s what happened to him too. And Rey in a sense. So what if Finn wasn’t a fully trained Jedi? He could still teach the kid what he knew. “Where are you staying?” Anakin asked. “Uh… nowhere at the moment,” Finn said. He didn’t know how long he’d slept in Lyra’s room. He’d run longer hours on less sleep during his training. But he was tired. He was thirsty. He was hungry. He missed Rey and Luke and he was worried. All of it was very draining. And he didn’t know how he’d gotten here. “You could stay with us,” Anakin offered. “Yeah, I appreciate that. But I don’t think your mom would like you inviting strangers into your home,” Finn said. “I don’t actually mind,” Shmi said. Finn jumped. He had to be more tired than he thought to not have noticed her walk over. “I don’t want to impose,” he said. “I know,” she said. “But you can stay with us for a night and it not be an imposition.” “And Watto will want to keep you around,” Anakin added. “Yeah, about him,” Finn said lowering his voice. “Does he…” How did he even ask this question? What could he even ask? He knew how describe what happened to him, what being a Stormtrooper meant. But this was different. “He owns us,” Shmi said. “No wonder I don’t like him,” Finn muttered. Anakin giggled and Finn smiled back at the kid. “Watto doesn’t care if you like him so long as you keep paying him,” Shmi said. “Yeah,” Finn said. He hesitated for a moment. “I have more coins.” “Watto was hoping so,” Shmi said. “How many would it cost to buy you?” Finn asked. “Whenever I figure out how to get home, you can come with me. My lover Rey is from Jakku, but we live on a planet with a huge ocean and a lot of rain with our teacher. They’re both really nice. Luke’s from Tatooine originally as well.” It excited Finn, the idea of freeing this family. He felt drawn to Anakin and his mother, the way he’d immediately known he could trust Rey and Luke. Luke told him it was the Force and to trust the Force. “You mean it?” Anakin asked. “Yes,” Finn said firmly. Shmi had her hands pressed over her face. She looked like she didn’t know if she wanted to cry or be sick. “Mom, how much would it cost?” Anakin asked, clearly letting his own fantasies get away from him. “He’d ask for a lot,” Shmi whispered. “More than what we’re cost. You have to barter him down or else we’ll never be able to leave this planet.” “I only had twenty,” Finn said. “And I’ve already spent two.” Shmi made a face. “Try to keep as many as you can,” she told him. She pushed him away from the counter and toward the door. Watto was returning. Finn bet anything she and sensed Watto the same way Finn could. Finn approached Watto. “Watto,” he said as he approached. “Yes,” Watto said, drawling out the middle of the word. It made Finn’s skin crawl. Finn took the last coin he had in his pocket out and started playing with it. He watched the way Watto’s eyes followed the coin. Finn tried not to smirk. “I need a couple of workers,” Finn said. “Ah, you’re looking for the slave exchange,” Watto said, his eyes still on the coin “Now, how will I know if I can trust what I buy?” Finn asked. Now he did smirk. “No, I need something time tested.” Watto’s gaze moved past the coin to where Finn knew Shmi and Anakin were working. “You’re looking to buy.” “Yes,” Finn said. “What’s your price?” “Fifty of those little coins of yours,” Watto said. Finn snorted. “Those pair aren’t worth that much. Two coins,” he said. Watto was testing, trying to see how many he had. “Twenty five,” Watto said. “Five,” Finn said. He kept playing with the coin. Watto’s eyes seemed to be drawn to it despite himself. “Twenty,” Watto said. “Seven,” Finn said, sounding bored. “Fifteen.” Watto said. “I won’t go any lower. “Ten,” Finn said. He yawned. “I don’t have to buy them.” “Thirteen,” Watto said quickly. “Eleven.” “Twelve,” Watto said. “That is my final offer.” Finn looked over his shoulder at the small family. He made a huge and obvious sigh. “I suppose that’s not terribly unreasonable. Boy!” he called. Anakin jumped to attention instantly. There was a nervousness in his shoulders that Finn hated immediately. “Bring me my bag,” Finn said. Anakin rushed to grab the bag off the counter and bring it over to Finn. Finn took it. “I want contracts and codes,” Finn said. He’d heard someone say that in a holofilm once. It occurred to him that he didn’t know why General Hux hadn’t put tracking chips in all the Stormtroopers? Did he really think no one would break out of their programing? “Yes, yes, right this way,” Watto said. Finn followed him back. There wasn’t a lot of talking of Finn’s part after that. Until the contracts were signed and Finn got the information on the tracking chips, Finn kept his silence. He paid Watto the twelve coins, including the one that Finn had been playing with earlier. “You two,” Watto said to Shmi and Anakin. “This is your owner now. Get out.” “Lovely doing business with you,” Finn said sarcastically. He hoisted his bag onto his back and grabbed his blaster. “Come on,” he said to the small family. They both hurried after Finn as he strode out of the shop. “This way,” Shmi muttered, pointing left. Finn cleanly turned to walk the way she indicated. Finn could feel the tension drain out of them the further they got away from the junk shop. Finally even Finn felt like he could breathe again, and he loosened his soldier’s walk to more of a hurried stroll. “So, are you really taking us with you?” Anakin asked. “Yes,” Finn said. “Do you two really have tracking chips?” he asked. “Yeah,” Anakin said with a lot more energy than any child should about what kept them enslaved. “If we try to escape BOOM! We explode.” “Okay,” Finn said, shivering even though it was rapidly starting to get hot. “Okay then… well we have to get rid of those.” He spoke quietly. He was lucky that Hux really hadn’t implanted him. Otherwise he’d already have been dead and he’d never have been able to meet Rey. “We can?” Anakin asked. “Watto has to turn that information over to the new owner,” Shmi told her son. “He did,” Finn said. “It’s probably going to hurt to have it taken out-” “But it’ll hurt less than being exploded,” Anakin said. “Definitely,” Finn said grimly. He allowed Shmi to lead him around. Her home was not exactly close to Watto’s shop. And it was in a very crowded area of town. “These are the slave quarters,” Anakin said when they got inside. “Wow,” Finn said. It wasn’t a big place, but it was nothing like what he’d imagined. “Watto only has to give us enough money to eat as long as we’re out here,” Shmi said. “And not even that much. We’d have to find time to earn money for other things.” “Okay, that makes more sense,” Finn said. He carefully set his blaster down and his bag. “The First Order kept us all in these giant barracks. The idea was that we were interchangeable. I guess I thought it would be more like that.” “That sounds awful,” Shmi said. Finn looked up at her and gave her a weak smile. “It was all I knew. I didn’t even realize it was bad until I escaped… Rey, she had something more like this. She made her own home, but it could be stolen if she couldn’t defend it. And she had to work all day just to make enough to eat at all.” “You said she was from Jakku?” Shmi asked. “I can’t say I’ve ever heard of it. But if it’s anything like Tatooine, it’s easier to force us to look after ourselves.” Finn nodded. He pulled out the information on Shmi and Anakin. “Let’s see about getting those chips out first and then we’ll talk more later.” Shmi’s face was set in a grim line. She nodded. She went first. Finn performed the surgery himself. It was a subdermal implant near the base of her skull. Finn had to keep the little comm-like device with their information nearby at all times during the surgery. And he had to program the stupid chip to not go off. It kept trying to reset itself, which Anakin finally had to take over de-activating so Finn could work. Finn used a knife to remove the chip. Once it was out he carefully stitched Shmi up. She cried through the whole ordeal, but she didn’t move very much, and only allowed herself to sob for relief after he’d finished stitching her up. Anakin held his mother while Finn looked up the information on Anakin’s chip. He didn’t interfere. They spoke in whispered in a language that Finn didn’t know. He didn’t try to follow. He knew it would be worse to do Anakin’s. “This one’s deeper,” Finn said. He felt the blood leave his face when he read where the implant was. “How much?” Shmi asked. She had Anakin in her lap, cradling his small body against her chest. “Near his heart,” Finn said. He took a deep breath. “I have an idea how to get it out, but it’s going to be bloody.” “I want it out,” Anakin said. “I want it out of you too, buddy,” Finn said. “But I need you to be awake during this. And I need you to stay really still.” “What are you going to do?” Shmi asked, her voice barely a whisper. Finn knew she’d gone first to be certain it was safe to do this. “Use the Force,” Finn said. “Are you a Jedi?” Anakin asked, his eyes getting huge. “Something like that,” Finn said tiredly. “Let’s get this started. Anakin, I know you can feel things. Once we start I need you to really focus on finding the thing in your body that doesn’t belong and pushing it out. This will be easier if we both do this.” “Can I help?” Shmi asked. She still hadn’t let Anakin out of her lap. “Keep him still and calm,” Finn said. He knew this had to be done now. The Force was screaming at him that it had to be now or else. Finn wasn’t going to question that. Shmi had lay over the table, but they took Anakin to his mother’s bed. Shmi spread rags over the bed to try and keep the blood off the mattress. Anakin allowed them to tie him down and Shmi sat holding Anakin’s head so he could focus on her. Finn wished he had more training than this. Stormtroopers learned things like first aid, and Luke told Finn that you could use the Force to heal, but that it wasn’t one of Luke’s abilities and he’d only ever had one student who could heal. And Luke’s masters hadn’t been given to healing. Finn had no real training, just the assurance form the Force that this had to be done. Which meant Finn was unlikely to fail, even if this entire process was a nightmare. Finn deactivated the chip while he got his first aid kit. He hadn’t used any of the bacta he had for Shmi. Finn knew why now he’d made that choice. They were going to need it for Anakin. Finn began with a cut. Anakin made a soft whimper, but stayed very still. “Good job,” Finn said. He glanced at the ownership system. The chip was still deactivated. Finn willed it to stay deactivated. He plunged deeper. Anakin was a child. He’d suffered a lot, but he was a child. The bonds kept him still and his mother tried to soothe him. But still Anakin was a in a lot of pain. Finn blocked out Anakin’s cries. At least it meant he was still alive. Finn was so glad he had steady hands. “Anakin, I need you to push it outward,” Finn said. He could see the chip in his mind, feel it’s wrongness. He wrapped himself around it as much as he could. “You feel that warmth? That’s me. I need you to push it away.” Anakin let out a sob. Finn wondered if Anakin had even heard him. But then the chip started to move. Anakin pushing made it move. Finn pulled and Anakin pushed and Finn kept cutting deeper, trying to give the chip an easy channel to get out. “There it is,” Finn said, actually seeing the chip with his eyes. He glanced to be certain the chip as still deactivated. It was. He pulled more with the force before grabbing onto it with tweezers. He pulled the chip out and dropped it on the bed. Then came stitching Anakin up. Anakin sobbed with every stitch. Finn’s hands remained steady. Then he slathered the wound with Bacta. Finn willed that to heal Anakin. “Sleep,” Finn whispered. Anakin passed out. Finn wasn’t certain if he’d actually used a force suggestion or if Anakin was just that tired. “Go clean up,” Shmi said. Finn got up. His legs felt like jelly. He wanted to the bathroom. There was no water and no shower. “Communals, probably,” he mumbled to himself. There was a sonic sink. Finn accepted that and used it to get the blood off his hands. Now his hands were shaking. He took a long time in the bathroom. When he finally stumbled out he found Shmi at her kitchen table. Her eyes were red with tears. “Is he okay?” Finn asked. He carefully lowered himself into a chair. He couldn’t stay standing any longer. “I wanted to believe you’d free us. It felt right… And I know to trust my feeling. But-” “I’m a stranger,” Finn said. “And I carry a huge blaster and I walk like a soldier whose slaughtered people. I know.” “You haven’t though,” she said. “I’ve killed,” he mumbled. “And I am a soldier.” “But you don’t want to be,” she said. “It’s safer to pretend,” Finn said. “And I have the training. I’m one of the best the First Order had.” “I’ve never heard of the First Order before,” she said. She sounded as tired as Finn felt. “I’m not surprised. They’re known where they’re known.” He felt like he could sink to the floor and pass out. He also felt like he would never sleep again. “You saved us both,” Shmi said. “Yeah,” Finn said weakly. “Look, about his son. He wasn’t exactly wrong about the Jedi thing. My Teacher is a Jedi, but I’ve only been training with him for a little while. But I know he could teach your son a lot. Especially with how strong your son is.” Shmi nodded. She didn’t seem completely with it either. Finn felt like she might not even be hearing him. “We should sleep,” Shmi said. “You got a patch off floor for me?” Finn asked. “You can have Ani’s bed tonight,” Shmi said. Finn felt like he should argue, but he didn’t have it in him to do so. Instead he followed her to where Anakin’s bed was. Finn stripped out of his outwear and crawled into bed. He didn’t worry about if he should worry about his things or not. He knew deep in his bones that he was safe there with these people. And he would protect them with everything he had. No matter what happened. Chapter 2 Finn woke up before the sun was up, or anyone else in the house. He got up and found the bathroom again. He cleaned up as best he could. He pulled on his change of clothes and began to poke around the kitchen to see if he knew how to make anything they had. “I didn’t think you’d be up already,” Shmi said. Finn turned and gave her a soft smile. “Yeah. I’m used to waking up early.” “You said something last night… this First Order, did they own you?” she asked. “Yes,” Finn said. “They own a lot of people. They took us when we were kids and molded us to be the perfect soldiers.” “And you escaped,” she said. “They captured someone, one of the people I was supposed to think of as an enemy. I helped Poe escape, because I realized I didn’t want to kill for them… but sometimes I wonder… I love my new home. My friends. I have people who love me. But I kill Stormtroopers now. The people I was raised with… I wonder what kind of prison I traded myself into sometimes. Even though I know I’m on the right sids now… I just.” He stopped and shrugged. “You’re a kind soul,” Shmi said. “You shouldn’t have to kill. But because you have to, I would trust a kind man to do it more than a cruel man. You wouldn’t do it unless you had to.” Finn let out a breath. He hoped she was right. He wanted her to be right. “I traded most of the money I had to Watto. We can’t stay here too long or we’re going to run out of money.” “I know,” Shmi said. “Do you know how to get to Ahch-To from here?” she asked. “Luke does. If only I could get in contact with him,” Finn said. He finally allowed some of the frustration from the previous day to bleed in. “Someone should have picked up. I don’t know what happened yesterday.” “Mr. Finn!” Anakin chirped. He came running out and over to Finn. He threw his arms around Finn’s middle immediately. “Hey,” Finn said a little sharply. “Be careful, you don’t want to reopen your injury.” “It know,” Anakin said. He raised his shirt. “But look, it’s almost healed.” “Force,” Finn breathed. He knelt down and looked at the wound. It had knit together already. “You can heal.” “I can?” Anakin said. “I thought the stuff you put it on it did this.” “The Bacta I have isn’t new. I thought I’d be treating you for days and you’d be trapped in bed… You did this,” Finn said, touching the scar. “I did?” Anakin asked, cocking his head to one side. “The Force did,” Finn said. “Did you really mean it, that you’re a Jedi?” Anakin asked. “I’m still in training. My Teacher, Luke Skywalker, when I get you to him, he’ll be able to teach you,” Finn explained. “Skywalker?” Shmi asked. “That’s our name,” Anakin said. “It’s a slave name.” “Oh,” Finn said. “Well, I didn’t know that. But Luke said he’s from Tattooine, so I guess it makes sense.” “So he got free, like we did?” Anakin asked. “I don’t know, but you can ask him when you meet him,” Finn said. Then he smiled. “I didn’t have a last name before. I was like you, owned. When I escaped my friend Poe named me Finn. Before that I was FN-2817. And then Luke said I could be a Skywalker if I wanted to.” “So you’re Finn Skywalker?” Anakin asked. He smiled brightly. “That makes you family then.” Finn’s stomach flipped over. He felt pressure in his eyes, tears that wanted to fall. He’d never, ever been part of a family before. Luke accepting him had meant a lot. But that was just to make Finn feel better. Anakin was offering him something else. “If you don’t mind me being your family,” Finn said, his voice rough with the emotion he was trying to hold back. “You freed us,” Shmi said. “Finn Skywalker, you are our family.” Finn turned and looked at Shmi. He couldn’t stop his tears then. “Thank you,” he whispered. He felt Anakin’s small arms wrap around him again. Finn hugged Anakin back. Anakin was stronger than he appeared, but he was also lighter than he really should be. Finn stood up, picking Anakin up and holding him close. Anakin laughed and Finn thought it sounded like sunshine. “Please be careful inside the house,” Shmi said, and Finn got the idea that she was more worried about Anakin doing something than Finn. “We won’t break anything, I promise,” Anakin said. He put his arms around Finn’s neck, feeling unbothered. Finn wasn’t exactly used to being trusted so easily. He had a handful of people who trusted him completely. But his fellow Stormtroopers had ever really trusted him, and there were enough people in the Resistance who were still worried about him. But then, Anakin could probably see what Finn could see. The Force had put them together for a reason. Luke said that happened sometimes. “You know, we should probably start thinking about what you all want to bring with you,” Finn said. “Since we won’t be staying here all that long.” “Can I bring my droid with me?” Anakin asked. “You have a droid?” Finn asked. “I’m building one,” Anakin said. “I have a lot of the pieces but they’re not completely all together yet.” “Sure,” Finn said. “My friend Poe has a droid, BB-8, and R2D2 stays with us on Ahch-To. Luke’s great with droids. Rey too. I’m sure one of them can help you make yours work.” “Wizard,” Anakin chirped. He started to wiggle a bit, so Finn set Anakin down. Anakin ran off to his room. “You really are taking us away from here then,” Shmi said. “I meant to ask, I understood that Jedi started to train children young.” “I think that’s how it was. But Luke isn’t that picky. Plus, Rey and I are all he has right now,” Finn said. “But he’s going to love Anakin. Rey’s going to love him too. She doesn’t appreciate that I dislike desert planets so much.” Shmi laughed. It was a soft, almost musical sound. He realized how happy she was. “I think I have some bacta left. Can I put some on your neck?” Finn offered. “I would like that,” Shmi said. “Be right back,” Finn said. He went to his pack and grabbed the bacta. He applied a little to a bandage and returned to Shmi. He helped her apply it to her neck. He knew it wouldn’t heal as fast as Anakin’s wound, but this way they didn’t have to worry about infection for either of them. “Thank you, Finn,” Shmi said. “For everything.” Finn just offered her a smile. “It’s what you do for family.” Shmi laughed again and wrapped her arms around Finn’s neck, giving him a tight hug. Finn laughed too. This felt like acceptance, and that was such a beautiful feeling. They sold one of Finn’s remaining mythra coins to one of Watto’s competitors. They exchanged it only for usable currency, which mostly went to buying food for a few days while they figured out the best way to get off Tatooine. Finn made a couple more trips to Watto’s, but only because he didn’t have to pay to keep calling off world there. Still Finn wasn’t able to find anyone he knew. The farmer was very nice to talk to, though. He was at least sympathetic about Finn calling again to be really certain the number he’d punched in was correct. He was even more sympathetic the third time Finn called, just to be really certain. Anakin didn’t follow Finn to Watto’s, but he did follow him basically everywhere else. There was a lot Anakin didn’t know, but there was also a lot he did know. He could fill Finn in on whatever was going on in the city. And he could talk at length about pod races and the racer he’d built. He helped Finn take the racer out and sell it, which got them a contact with someone who could get them to the Unknown Region, where Ahch-To lied, but he couldn’t get them to Ahch-To. Finn and Shmi talked about how much it would cost to buy a ship. It wasn’t impossible, it would just make it damn near impossible to actually make it out to Ahch-To, since they’d be able to afford a ship and some bare provisions, but Ahch-To wasn’t close to Tatooine. And the money that they got from selling the pod racer and the mythra coin wouldn’t work outside of Hutt Space. Also, they probably wouldn’t be able to afford fuel. Finn did his best not to get discouraged. He spent a lot of time with Anakin, and that meant Finn was certain Anakin had to be trained, even if Finn wasn’t certain how to accomplish that. Instead, he spent their time at Shmi’s home trying to teach Anakin something. Mostly it was just meditation. Finn needed to practice and it gave Shmi time to make dinner without Anakin being underfoot. And Anakin would know something when they got to Luke. Finn had been on Tatooine a little over a week when he started to get an odd feeling. He didn’t register it as particularly good or bad. It was just coming. And it was getting stronger all the time. “Maybe it’s a sandstorm,” Anakin said. “I get a buzzing feeling when a sandstorm is coming.” “I don’t know what it is,” Finn said. He almost hoped it was a sandstorm. “We should stay inside today, though.” “Yeah, mom, we need to stay in,” Anakin said with a bit of exuberance. “What’s going on?” Shmi asked, coming in from her bedroom. “Finn feels something,” Anakin said. “Is it a sandstorm?” Shmi asked, going to look outside and see. “I don’t think so,” Finn said. “But I feel like we need to stay here.” “Okay,” Shmi said. He was glad that Shmi didn’t question when he had a feeling like this. He didn’t question when she had a similar feeling. Anakin’s feelings were stronger and more accurate than both Finn and Shmi. They all understood, and they listened to those feelings. None of them got too close to the doors or windows that day. The weather made no indication of any kind of storm, sand or otherwise. There was no wind at all that day. But still, the buzzing in Finn’s bones just got worse. By the time the suns were beginning to set, Finn was having a hard time staying still. “Do you want to meditate?” Anakin asked. He was looking worried. Whatever it was, neither Anakin nor Shmi were feeling it. Finn knew he should probably say yes, but he also knew he wouldn’t be able to do it. He shook his head no. Instead he got up and went to his bag. He pulled out the lightsaber. He generally grabbed for the blasters first, but he didn’t even think about it. He heard the soft ringing noise that came when someone was at the front door. Finn thought about telling Shmi not to answer, but he kept his mouth shut. Instead he crept quietly out of the room. He saw Anakin and made a motion for Anakin to keep silent. Anakin moved silently to Finn’s side. Shmi was already answering the door. “Is this the Skywalker residence?” A very familiar voice asked. Finn would know Kylo Ren’s voice anywhere. It haunted his dreams. Finn tapped Anakin’s shoulder and pointed Anakin to the bedrooms. Anakin ducked into his mother’s room. Finn couldn’t get Shmi out, but at least Anakin would be hidden. The blasters wouldn’t have worked against Ren anyway. The house was small, but Finn knew it and Ren didn’t. Finn crept closer, careful to stay out of view. He closed his eyes and reached for the Force. Shmi’s shine was there, whole and alive. And Ren’s. He knew that dark glow, like banked coals after a terrible fire. And a third. Powerful. Finn opened his eyes. Someone that Finn didn’t know was with Ren. Finn was out numbered. “Yes,” Shmi said. “One of them. Can I help you with something, gentlemen?” “We’re looking for a boy,” Kylo Ren said quickly. “Anakin Skywalker. We were told he lived here.” Shit. He was here for Anakin? Finn stepped out from his hiding space. He ignited his lightsaber, glaring at the two men. Ren didn’t have his helmet on, but Finn had known that from the lack of vocal distortion. He was wearing civilian clothes too. The other man, a total stranger, wore a poncho. Finn had no idea what kinds of weapons he had under there. “Shmi, hide,” Finn said, striding forward. Shmi moved behind him as fast as she could. “You don’t get to have him, Ren.” “You traitor,” Ren hissed. He reached for his lightsaber, but the other man placed his hand over Ren’s. “Patience,” the man said. He had a soft kind of accent, one that Finn couldn’t place. “We mean you no harm.” “Liar,” Finn said with cold certainty. “If that were true, you wouldn’t be here with him.” He glanced at Ren. Ren looked furious, but the other man was still holding him back. “Easy,” the stranger said, like he was trying to soothe a savage animal. That set Finn’s teeth on edge. “My name is Qui-Gon Jinn,” the stranger said. “And we haven’t come to harm anyone. Now, where did you get that?” “Luke Skywalker,” Finn said. He held his ground more firmly. Everyone had at least heard of Luke Skywalker, or should have. Shmi and Anakin had clearly had a lot of information withheld for them. But this man was bright in the Force. He should know. Instead, he just looked confused. Ren was scowling though. “He doesn’t know who Luke is because Luke Skywalker wasn’t been born yet,” he snapped. “That doesn’t make any sense,” Finn snapped back. He didn’t know Kylo Ren to speak in riddles, but that didn’t matter since he seemed to be now. “That stone, on Andvor,” Kylo Ren said. “It sent us both places.” “Yes, clearly Tatooine is not a jungle planet,” Finn said, tightening his grip on his lightsaber. “It didn’t just send us to a new place, it sent us to a different time,” Kylo Ren said. He wasn’t reaching for his lightsaber anymore. “Luke Skywalker doesn’t exist yet. Neither does the Empire.” Finn blinked. He still kept the lightsaber up. Anakin and Shmi were too important to let his guard down. “Why are you here?” “Anakin Skywalker is my grandfather,” Kylo Ren said. Finn felt like the planet shifted sideways. Something in the Force purred in his chest, assuring him of the reality of Ren’s words. Finn turned off his lightsaber. “Excuse me?” the stranger, Qui-Gon Jinn asked. “It’s not like the Council would have believed me if I told them the truth,” Ren said. “They barely believed me when I told them about him being the Chosen one.” “He’s what?” Shmi asked. Finn turned and looked back at her. He thought she would have gone to run and hide. But then, she wouldn’t have wanted either of the strangers at her door to see where Anakin was hiding. Finn focused back in on Ren and Qui-Gon Jinn, but of whom were giving each other unhappy looks. “Who is this?” Finn asked, indicating Qui-Gon Jinn. “You know the name Obi-Wan Kenobi?” Kylo Ren asked, a certain wariness in his eyes. Finn knew why too. Ben Solo was Obi-Wan Kenobi’s namesake. But he was a number of other things as well, all of them important and dangerous to Kylo Ren. “Yes,” Finn said, keeping his tone flat. “This is his Master, the man who taught him what he knew,” Kylo Ren introduced. And then it all clicked in his mind. “Luke mentioned his name before, in passing.” Qui-Gon Jinn frowned firmly. “Kylo Ren made a request to rescue a child from Tatooine. He said he had a vision and was willing to surrender himself to the Jedi Council if we would allow it.” “Well, that’s a little impossible at the moment,” Finn said. He still kept himself between Shmi and his enemies. “Are you really a Jedi?” He knew what darkness felt like. This man didn’t feel like darkness, but it wasn’t like Luke or Rey, or even Anakin and Shmi. It was like he was both reaching ever outwards and yet keeping everything tightly contained and controlled. Finn almost wished he had time to study what he could feel. But he still didn’t trust this man who had aligned himself with Kylo Ren for any reason. “I am,” Qui-Gon Jinn said calmly. “Why is it impossible?” “Finn already bought and freed us,” Shmi said near Finn’s side. She laid a hand on Finn’s shoulder. “It’s okay.” That made Finn relax instantly. “You’re certain?” he asked, turning away from the other men. He was already decided even without her assurance. If she felt like it was fine, then it would be okay. “Yes,” she said. Finn relaxed completely. He hooked his lightsaber back on his belt. “Why don’t you two come?” Shmi offered. She moved around Kylo Ren and Qui-Gon Jinn and closed the door. “I believe we have things to discuss which should not belong to the open air. Finn, will you get Anakin?” “Yes, Shmi,” Finn said. He went to the bedrooms. He felt for Anakin and found him under his mother’s bed. “Can I come out?” Anakin asked, but he was already starting to wiggle out even without Finn having to say anything. “What happened?” “My… an enemy from the First Order showed up. But came with a Jedi, which I would have said were impossible if I didn’t see it with my own eyes. And the Jedi said Ren turned himself over for a chance to help you.” Finn opened his arms and Anakin climbed right into them. Finn stood up, holding Anakin against his chest. It might look silly, but Finn wanted Anakin to be safe. And it felt like he was safer when Finn was holding him. Finn knew that was stupid because it was better if Finn had his hands free. But it still felt safer to keep Anakin close. “You think he’s telling the truth?” Anakin asked. “Yes,” Finn said with a huff of annoyance and frustration. It was easier to hate Ren when he was just a murderous psychopath. His mother was going to be so happy to hear that Ren cared about someone anyway. “But why me?” Anakin asked. “Probably because of how you feel in the Force,” Finn said. “Big and bright.” “Do you like me only because of how I feel in the Force?” Anakin asked, pushing his face into Finn’s shoulder. “I like you because you’re Anakin,” Finn said. “And because we’re family.” He could feel Anakin smiling into his shoulder. “Okay,” Anakin mumbled. Finn carried Anakin out to the kitchen. Ren’s eyes were on him instantly. They burned bright with ever present anger. But there was also a clear amazement, and to Finn’s surprise, actual jealousy. Finn had to keep himself from grinning. He wasn’t used to being in a position for anyone to feel jealous of him. Finn settled Anakin in a chair away from Kylo Ren and Qui-Gon Jinn. Then Finn sat where he was between them and Anakin. He kept hold of Anakin’s hand under the table. Anakin was squeezing his hand hard. “Shmi was telling us you removed the tracking chips?” Jinn asked. “Yes,” Finn said. “That would take a lot of skill,” Jinn said, sipping from the cup he’d been given. “Stormtroopers are given standard first aid,” Finn said. “More than standard.” “Stormtroopers?” Jinn asked. He really didn’t know. That just confirmed to Finn that some part of Ren’s story was true. “Soldiers,” Ren said like it was that simple. “Slaves,” Finn said, a bite in his voice. “Stolen from birth and raised to believe only in the First Order and killing.” Jinn looked troubled, but Ren scoffed. Finn barely, just barely kept his temper. He didn’t want to become anger incarnate like Kylo Ren. And he didn’t want to expose Anakin to that much negative energy in such close quarters. “And the First Order is?” Jinn pressed. “None of your business,” Ren said firmly. “It doesn’t exist yet.” Finn started to laugh. He couldn’t help himself. He knew it was partly hysteria. No Rey, no Luke, no General Organa or Poe. But also no Hux, no Phasma, no people Finn had been raised with that Finn had to shoot to protect his cause. It was a painful and terrifying relief. “It’s okay, Finn,” Anakin said quietly. He squeezed Finn’s hand a little harder. Finn wasn’t certain when Anakin decided he was Finn and not Mr. Finn, but Finn really appreciated it in that moment. He put his arm around Anakin’s shoulders and gave him a hug. “I know,” Finn said. “Force stuff. I’m sorry I can’t introduce you to Rey or Luke. They would love you, I promise.” He could see Ren bristling, clearly wanting to speak and withholding. Was Anakin really Ren’s grandfather? It didn’t seem impossible exactly. More that Finn had a hard time believing anyone as sweet and full of love as Anakin could produce anyone as cold and cruel as Kylo Ren. “So, we aren’t going to Ahch-To?” Anakin asked. Finn winced. Kylo Ren did not need to know where Luke was living, even if it wasn’t likely on any map that Ren had. “Where-” Ren started. “No,” Finn said. “It was the people that made it good. I wouldn’t want to live there without them. Like I wouldn’t want to stay here without you and your mom.” He glanced back up at Ren, but his eyes caught Jinn’s expression, which was actually a smile. “I take it you’re a padawan?” Jinn asked. “A what?” Finn asked. He looked to Ren, who shrugged, equally confused by the word. “A Jedi in training,” Jinn said. He frowned deeply. “Is your master not affiliated with the temple?” “There is no temple,” Ren said. “There are empty ruins. That’s it. And Luke wouldn’t step one foot in there. Neither would I.” “Why?” Jinn asked. “The Jedi Purge,” Finn said. He hugged Anakin close, tighter. If Ren was Anakin’s grandson, that meant that Anakin survived. And Obi-Wan trained Luke. Some survived, but not many. The temple would reek of death and pain. It would have to be bad if even Ren didn’t wanted to get anywhere near it. “That can’t be,” Jinn said. “There are thousands of Jedi-” “Not where we’re from,” Finn said. “It’s just Luke… and Rey and me. And the only other people I know of who have the Force are General Organa and, well, him.” He indicated Ren. Jinn took a deep breath. Finn wondered if Jinn was trying to process everything. He only seemed to breathe in silence for a moment before he let seemed to set it aside. “We have to tell the Council,” Jinn said. “Like they’ll listen,” Ren scoffed. “If it’s the end of the Jedi-” “In my experience,” Ren said a little louder. He was keeping his temper, but only barely. “People would rather ignore the truth when it’s hard to accept. Especially people self-assured in their strength and intelligence. From the look on Jinn’s face, that was his experience too. “Then we’ll just have to convince them,” Finn said. “They didn’t have you and me before, right?” “Well, no-” Ren started. “If the Force sent us here then that means we’re here for a reason,” Finn continued. “Whatever is supposed to happen, the Force must not like it. It’s not like the Universe is well off where we’re from anyway.” Ren tipped his head in acknowledgement. “The traitor has a point. Things have already changed. This is not the way my Grandfather was found before. It’s sooner.” “Then perhaps there is a chance,” Jinn said. Finn looked down at Anakin. “Ani… do you want to be a Jedi?” Anakin peered up at Finn. He seemed to think for a minute. “I’m supposed to be a Jedi. I can feel it. I dream about it a lot. I know I’m supposed to.” “But do you want to?” Finn asked. “Do you want to, Finn?” Shmi asked. Finn made a face. “Rey wants to. Luke wants me to… I just want to help people. The First Order is evil, but they trained us to make use of what we had and were good at. I’m good with the Force. I can use it to help people. And with it I can support Rey and Poe and the Resistance.” “But do you want to?” Anakin asked. “In a war it doesn’t matter what you want,” Finn said. “Just what has to be done.” Shmi made an unhappy face. She knew what he meant. This would be war eventually. And Anakin would probably be in the middle of it, just like all the Jedi would be. Just like Finn would be. “I want to be a Jedi,” Anakin said. “Then I guess we’re going with you,” Finn said, looking at Ren and Jinn. “But I promise you if you do anything to hurt Anakin or Shmi I’ll take your insides out.” Ren smirked. “Is that what the light side says?” “That’s what Stormtroopers say,” Finn said. They slept one more night at Shmi’s. Finn packed his bags and helped Anakin and Shmi pack theirs. They still had a money left over, little good it would do them once they were out of Hutt Space. But it didn’t matter because there was a ship for them outside of Mos Espa. It would get them off Tatooine. And they would be together. Finn slept in Shmi’s room with both Anakin and Shmi. They took the bed, Finn slept sitting up near the door with his hand on his lightsaber. It was a soldier’s instincts and training. These two he had to protect if nothing else. He didn’t have anyone else but himself at the moment. Some part of him knew he would search forever for a way to go home to Rey. But right now something was being asked of him that only he could do. And if he did it right it might save all of them a lot of heartache and pain in the future. Come morning, the five of them ate a sober breakfast. Everyone carried out bags of some kind, except for Ren who had Anakin’s droid in something like a wheelbarrow. “I didn’t think you’d care about a droid,” Finn said when they were away from the slave quarters. “This will one day be C3PO,” Ren said. “How did you know that’s what I was going to name him?” Anakin asked. He was holding hands with both Finn and his mother. “Really? That stuffy old droid?” Finn asked. He couldn’t help but laugh. “He’s going to be a good droid,” Anakin pouted. “C3PO has survived three wars so far,” Ren said with a little smile on his face. “With only minimum limb replacement. He even helped raise me.” “No way,” Anakin said. “That’s awesome.” “Always trust your droids,” Ren said. He put his shoulder into the push and walked ahead, going to walk with Jinn, who’d been leading their little group. Anakin asked questions as they walked. He asked about Luke a lot. Finn wasn’t certain if Anakin really believed that Kylo Ren was his grandson from the future. The entire thing sounded insane. If Finn didn’t have confirmation from the Force, he’d never have believed it. “So, is Luke his father?” Shmi asked as they walked toward the edge of the city. “No, that would be General Leia Organa,” Finn said. He grinned. “She’s amazing. When I first ran away from the First Order she accepted me instantly. She said a lot of the pilots and soldiers in the Rebellion had been defectors. A lot of the people around my age don’t know what to do with me. Poe aside. But she just accepted and believed in me instantly. She trusted me with a huge mission almost instantly. And she’s brilliant too. She rebuilt Democracy with her own two hands after she helped to break the Empire.” “Wow,” Anakin’s eyes got huge. “She sounds amazing. I want to be like her.” Finn laughed. “I do too. She’s just as strong as Luke is, but she decided that the Universe needed a strong political leader more than they needed her to run off and train with Luke. So Luke tried to rebuild the Jedi to stop the Sith from coming back. And She tried to rebuild the Universe so the Sith wouldn’t have a foothold to rebuild in.” “Then how come he’s like that?” Anakin asked. “I’m not Sith!” Ren called back. Finn bit his bottom lip to keep from laughing. Ren sounded like a pouty child. They kept their voices down after that. Finn told both Shmi and Anakin all of the amazing things that Poe had told him about Leia, and all of the kind and wonderful things Luke had done for him and Rey. It filled the time was they left Mos Espa. The ship was well outside of the city. Eventually Finn picked Anakin up and carried him part of the way. Anakin wasn’t light, per say, but Finn was used to carrying heavy loads as a Stormtrooper, and Finn kept up that training as best as he could, just in case. He just never realized that in case would be carrying around a tired eight year old boy. Finn was able to set Anakin down when they finally got sight of the ship. Finn and Shmi both had to hold Anakin’s hands to keep him from running off to check out the ship. The ramp lowered about the time they arrived at the ship. Ren rolled the droid right up the ramp, but Jinn waited for them to catch up. Finn held on a little tighter to Anakin. He could feel Anakin’s excitement to run onto the ship. He wasn’t going to let the kid go until Finn was certain it was safe. He closed his eyes as he walked onto the ship, allowing the Force to guild him so he wouldn’t trip like an idiot. When he opened his eyes his vision had partially adjusted to the darker insides of the ship already. Once Jinn was onboard the ramp closed. A young man maybe a little older than Finn and a little younger than Ren came out from the cockpit. “Master, this is more people than just one boy,” the man said. There was something familiar about this man. Something comforting and yet not quite right. Finn figured it out in a flash. “Are you Obi-Wan Kenobi?” Finn asked. The young man tipped his head. His haircut was really strange, with the fuzzy almost-Stormtrooper regulation cut, a very long braid and a long tail. Who let their hair grow like that? “I am,” the man said. His accent made so much more sense. Finn grinned. “It’s really great to meet you, Sir,” Finn said. “Sir, really?” Ren scoffed. “If you’re going to be that pathetic, shouldn’t you at least go full force and call him ‘Master Kenobi’?” “For your information,” Finn said, feeling a certain level of triumph because he knew Ren didn’t know the truth. “I am as excited to meet Rey’s grandfather as you are to meet your own.” Ren’s smug expression quickly turned to shock and then something akin to horror. Jinn looked like he wanted to bury his face in his hands and never come out again. “I’ve missed something,” Obi-Wan Kenobi said. “Sithhells, they ever sound alike,” Ren said. He proceeded to turn on his heel and head toward the cockpit. “We’re taking off in five minutes!” He called. “You couldn’t have mentioned this before?” Jinn asked. “I probably shouldn’t have said,” Finn admitted a little embarrassed. He let go of Anakin’s hand. He set down his bag and blaster. “But Ren’s so self-absorbed I couldn’t help myself. He should have figured that out on his own.” “This is not a way we allow even initiates to act,” Jinn said. He was annoyed, but Finn was massively impressed by his control. He was pretty certain that Jinn was actually trying to teach him something. “I’m not sorry,” Finn said stubbornly. “I’ve got a scar on my back where Kylo Ren tried to cut me in half. I can’t like him. He’s tried to kill me and the people I love too much. The only reason we aren’t trying to kill each other is the understood agreement that this needs to be done. But that doesn’t mean that I’m going to be nice just because that’s easier for everyone around me.” “You shouldn’t allow your anger to cloud your judgement,” Obi-Wan Kenobi said. Finn turned a glare on him. The young man’s impassive face didn’t change, but he also backed off. “Luke says anger has its place as long as it doesn’t interfere with what’s important. I’m angry because Ren betrayed his family, who’s now like my family. And because he tried to hurt Rey. And he did torture Poe and a lot of other people. And he’s killed other Stormtroopers just because he was angry. I can understand when we die in battle because soldiers die. But to be killed because someone can’t control his temper? I can’t stand that. I’m working with him. That has to be enough.” Finn met Jinn’s gaze. Jinn regarded him for a moment before he tipped his head. “If your anger gets out of control-” “You have my permission to knock me up the side of the head so I won’t hurt anyone, Master Jinn,” Finn said. “Finn,” Anakin said. Finn looked down at Anakin. He bent over and scooped Anakin up. Anakin wrapped his arms tight around Finn’s neck and hugged him tight. Finn hugged him back. Anakin was a grounding influence. In another life, Anakin would have been like Finn. He would have been a child soldier, doing what he was told by a cruel master. Finn had broken out of that programming. Maybe it was the Force. Maybe it was the sheer force of Finn’s personality. Whatever it was, Finn doubted that even Anakin, as bright of a star as we was, would have managed it. Finn wasn’t certain that anyone on that ship would have broken out of it. Finn never wanted that to happen to anyone ever again. Anakin had his own problems to sort out. Being owned twisted your perception of the world around you. Finn worried how Anakin would adapt to the outside world. But Anakin wouldn’t have to do it alone. Finn had Poe and Rey and Luke. And Anakin had him. Him and Shmi and other good people who they had yet to meet. “I’m sorry, Finn,” Anakin whispered. Guilt rolled off Anakin in waves. “Ani, you can’t control people,” Finn said. “Ren made his own choice. His own parents were awesome people, but they made mistakes too. And then Ren decided to do what he did. Don’t blame yourself for him… if I blamed myself for every one of my brothers and sisters in the Stormtroopers when they killed people in the Resistance I would lose my mind. The best you can do is work on you. You be kind to the people around you, and you fight your enemies with the power of a nova.” “Spoken like a Jedi,” Jinn said. “Obi-Wan, this is Finn.” “Finn Skywalker,” Anakin piped up. “Finn Skywalker,” Jinn corrected. “And Shmi and Anakin Skywalker,” Shmi introduced. She stepped closer to Finn and ran her hand through Anakin’s hair. Finn felt Anakin calm almost completely. “Anakin is who Kylo Ren asked us to rescue,” Jinn explained. “He wasn’t aware that Finn had already freed them.” “The Council will be happy,” Obi-Wan Kenobi said. “They didn’t like us buying slaves.” “Then they shouldn’t fuss about us bringing Finn Skywalker to train at the temple as well. He’s been separated from his Master and needs to continue to train,” Jinn said. “Really?” Finn asked. A chance to train with more Jedi who weren’t Luke? Maybe when Finn got back he’d be able to teach Luke some things they’d be able to pass on. “Yes,” Jinn said. “Master-” Obi-Wan Kenobi started. Jinn laid his hand on the younger man’s shoulder, silencing him. “I promise to explain, but for now I would prefer if Kylo Ren isn’t our pilot. He makes some terrifying maneuvers.” “Yes, Master,” Obi-Wan Kenobi said. He headed off to the cockpit. Finn grinned. Luke and Rey were going to be so excited when he told them. “You need to be more careful about what piece of information you let slip,” Jinn cautioned. He hesitated for a moment, but then asked his question. “Obi-Wan has a granddaughter?” “Rey,” Finn said. “She’s amazing, I promise. Obi-Wan Kenobi even sounds like her.” Jinn looked thoughtful and then nodded. “You all should rest.” He indicated the padded benches around the walls. Shmi went ahead and lowered herself down on one. Finn quickly followed suit. Anakin wiggled out of Finn’s lap into his mother’s. Finn stroked Anakin’s hair. Jinn gave them one more look before he headed to the cockpit as well. “We’re both going to be Jedi,” Anakin said. “Looks like it,” Finn said. He smiled down at the floor. He could feel the ship start to shake as it took off. There was something so soothing about that kind of shaking. He closed his eyes. It had been a long week. Shmi leaned against Finn. Finn leaned back. Anakin snuggled across them both. Finn kept himself awake until he was certain his little family was asleep. Then he allowed himself sleep. Rey’s grandfather wouldn’t let them get hurt. They were safe. Chapter 3 / What do we do about them, Master? / Obi-Wan asked. They’d been able to switch to the autopilot for a while. Kylo Ren was monitoring the flight, which allowed Obi-Wan and his master to slip away from the cockpit. The Skywalker family was asleep on the ships low benches. The ship wasn’t really made for a lot of people. At least one person needed to monitor the autopilot on a vessel this old. The benches were long enough that both Kylo Ren and Qui-Gon Jinn could lay on them without their feet of heads hanging over. Though the benches weren’t really wide enough for any of them. When it had just been a boy, these arrangements hadn’t seemed so unreasonable, even if they weren’t comfortable. Now two other full grown adults were added into the space of the small vessel. Even though Shmi and Finn Skywalker weren’t much taller than Obi-Wan, they still took up more space than their son. / We take them to the temple and train them, / his master responded. / All of them, Master? / Obi-Wan couldn’t conceal his surprise. / Obi-Wan, we have much to discuss. It seems our not-Sith friend was not as forth coming as it first appeared. / Obi-Wan snorted outwardly. There was no surprise there. Kylo Ren had arrived into their lives two months earlier and brought with him a whirlwind of chaos. He spent every waking moment insisting that while he utilized the Dark Side and had a wildly unstable and very sithlike lightsaber, that he was in fact not Sith. And when he wasn’t doing that he was constantly insisting that there was a boy on Tatooine who needed to be rescued as quickly as possible. Honestly, Obi-Wan was certain the Council had agreed only to shut the non-Sith up for a little while. Master Qui-Gon had been the one to return Kylo Ren’s lightsaber to him. Obi-Wan knew the Council was going to be furious that his master did such a thing, even though it seemed that Kylo Ren hadn’t so much as used it. Maybe Finn Skywalker could convince the Council to be rid of the not-Sith, especially if it was true that Skywalker had been nearly killed by Kylo Ren before. And if Skywalker really was training to be a Jedi as well. / I should hope I do not have to say I told you so. / Obi-Wan responded, which he knew wouldn’t be well received, but he wasn’t even happy that the Council had agreed to this. It had seemed like a bad idea to send only two Jedi off with Kylo Ren, even if he wasn’t Sith. / It seems the Force is moving things. Both Finn Skywalker and Kylo Ren have confirmed that they come from the future. / Master Qui-Gon’s voice thrummed through his mind. Obi-Wan immediately wanted to ask if this was some terribly unfunny joke his Master had concocted so he could call Obi-Wan a fool. But that didn’t seem like his Master. / Skywalker said I had a granddaughter. But that’s impossible. / Obi-Wan insisted. / It’s not. From what I gathered, you will one day teach a man named Luke Skywalker, who will in turn teach Finn Skywalker and a woman named Rey. / Master Qui-Gon sounded far too calm. Obi-Wan’s gaze landed on the sleeping family. / That doesn’t make any sense, Master. Time travel is impossible. / / Not if the Force wills it so. / Damn. There was amusement coloring that particular communication. Obi-Wan didn’t scowl like the boy he felt like his Master was treating him as. But it was an ear thing. / Why would a future not-Sith be so insistent on us training a force sensitive child? / / He insists that Anakin is his grandfather, and the father of Luke Skywalker and powerful military General known as Leia Organa. / Well, at least that made some slight sense. / I still don’t understand. / Obi-Wan responded. / According to both of them, the Jedi are purged from the galaxy. / Those words shook Obi-Wan to his core, but still Master Qui-Gon pressed on. / I have gathered that you and Anakin survive it. But I do not. Finn Skywalker, Luke Skywalker and your granddaughter as the only Jedi in existence in the entire universe they come from. And both Finn Skywalker and Kylo Ren believe this can be changed. / / How bad must it be that even someone who uses the Dark Side still wants to stop it? / Obi-Wan tried desperately to shove down his fear or release it to the Force. Through their connection, Obi-Wan could feel that his Master was also struggling with the same problem, though as always Master Qui-Gon had more control. Obi-Wan felt like he was free falling. The end of the Jedi? Everyone they knew or would know dead? It was too horrible to think of. / I have been asking myself the same question. Which is why we need to train as many people as we can. We don’t know where the balance will tip. You will begin working with Finn Skywalker. He is a Padawan in all but name. But he is clearly behind on his training. / Master Qui-Gon could not have another Padawan until Obi-Wan finished his trials. But that didn’t mean that they couldn’t teach the small family anyway. And of Obi-Wan knew his lessons well enough then he should be able to teach them. No doubt Master Qui-Gon would work with Shmi and Anakin to begin with. They had days of travel before they would arrive in Coruscant. Master Qui-Gon settled onto his knees and Obi-Wan did the same. They needed to be centered to deal with the future, especially if they were attempting to change a future that had not yet happened. Obi-Wan needed to release his fear if he wanted to teach Finn Skywalker. Finn woke up laying across the padded benches. He could feel Anakin and Shmi nearby, but he didn’t see them. He allowed his senses out a little more. They were with Jinn and Ren in the cockpit. And Rey- no. It wasn’t Rey. Rey wasn’t here and it would be a long time before he could return to her. No, it was her grandfather. Kenobi sat across from him on the floor, reading something off a datapad. “Are you hungry?” Kenobi asked. He sounded a lot like Rey, but masculine. “Yeah,” Finn said. He sat up and stretched. His back felt stiff, but he’d slept in worst places, so he kept his complaints to himself. “Here,” Kenobi offered. He got up and offered Finn a ration bar and a water pack. Finn accepted both. “Thank you,” Finn said. He tore into the ration bar and started to eat. It tasted better than what he was used to as a Stormtrooper in the cafeteria. But then, it was generally thought amongst Troopers that ration bars tasted better to give them something to look forward to when they were out on missions. He was pretty certain that ration bars were supposed to be tasteless. Kenobi sat down next to him. His face looked as impassive before. It was a little odd, because Finn could see the resemblance between Kenobi and Rey, but he had a hard time thinking of Rey as anything but expressive unless they were practicing. Luke too, for that matter. Finn grinned. Well, now he knew where Luke and Ren got that energy and passion. “May I ask you questions?” Kenobi asked. “Yeah, ask whatever you want,” Finn said. He needed to not trust this stranger so much. But he felt like Rey so much. “Will you tell me about her?” Kenobi asked. “My uh… granddaughter?” Well, that got a smile out of Kenobi. Finn grinned right back. “I know it sounds odd,” Finn said. “But Rey is amazing. She’s the best friend I’ve ever had. She’s an amazing pilot. She’s funny. She’s beautiful. I’ve never seen anyone work like she does when you get her going on machines. I mean she’d get along with Anakin great. And she meshes with Luke really well too. Because he’s a pilot too. But then when she fights. Oh man. The first time I met her some guys were attacking her and BB-8 and I rushed over to help, but she didn’t even need it. She’s just amazing.” Finn couldn’t help his sappy grin. Rey was the best. And that didn’t count all of the things he wasn’t saying because it would be wildly inappropriate to tell Rey’s grandfather about the way she kissed and the way she felt when he was sheathed inside her. Kenobi didn’t need to know the way her body looked in the moonlight, or about the times they’d go to the beach and swim just for the joy of it. About the private swimming lessons Finn gave her and how Finn would always value the memories of the taste of salt water on her lips when they got caught up kissing in the middle of the lesson. “You’re close then?” Kenobi asked. “She’s my, well I don’t think girlfriend describes it. And Lover isn’t enough either. She’s just like everything. Except better because I know she feels the same way about me.” He couldn’t stop the sappy grin on his face. He turned to look at Kenobi and found the man was frowning deeply. Finn’s smile dropped. Did Kenobi not like Finn dating his granddaughter? Finn felt resentment welling up. Kenobi didn’t even know Rey. He was dead long before she was born and he parents had abandoned her to a cruel owner and never returned. Finn loved her completely. This man didn’t get to judge that. “Jedi aren’t supposed to have attachments,” Kenobi said. Finn stared at Kenobi for a moment, thinking he was joking. Then he realized he wasn’t. “Who’s dumbass idea was that.” “Shhh,” Kenobi quieted. “It wasn’t mine… are you two really together?” he was speaking in a near whisper. “Yes,” Finn said, his tone stubborn. Kenobi glanced toward the cockpit. “And your Master has no problem with this?” “Luke would be a lot happier if he’d just call his husband and make up with him,” Finn said pointedly. “But he’s only ever been happy for me and Rey. He told us that we needed to be careful to not let fear make us do stupid things when one of us is in danger. But that love saves people.” Kenobi looked thoughtful. He turned away from Finn and looked across the small ship at the adjacent wall. A silence stretched between them for a long time. Finn wondered what Kenobi was thinking, but he didn’t interrupt the other man’s thoughts. He let Kenobi have his time, and while he waited he finished off his ration bar and his water pack. Then he sat back and just allowed the silence to continue stretching on. “I like that idea,” Kenobi admitted finally. “Because it’s a good idea,” Finn said. “It’s against our code,” Kenobi said, still speaking quietly. “Well, it didn’t exactly survive… Jinn told you, right?” “Master Jinn,” Kenobi corrected. There was something in the way Kenobi correction that tickled Finn’s mind and his sense. He was more upset than Finn ever would have been about someone not calling Luke the right name. There was clearly a structure that Finn wasn’t used to. But he also felt like there was something else. Also, Kenobi wasn’t continuing until Finn corrected himself, apparently. “Master Jinn,” Finn said. “Yes, he told me,” Kenobi said. “Yeah, so, I love Rey,” Finn said. “And she loves me. And there’s no one to stop us or tell us it’s wrong to love each other.” Kenobi looked away, and it sort of connected in Finn’s brain. “You like someone,” Finn said quietly. Kenobi made a face. “Yes,” he said quietly. “You’re jealous,” Finn said. “Quite,” Kenobi added. “I… if it was supposed to be, your lover wouldn’t exist,” he added. He just looked very sad. Finn felt sad too. “I see,” Finn mumbled. “Yes,” Kenobi said. “Master Qui-Gon told me I should help train you. I believe he thinks since we’re close in age that we’ll have an easier time.” “I don’t mind,” Finn said. “And I’d rather Anakin get attention from someone who’s used to teaching.” “I feel like I should be insulted,” Kenobi said. Finn was about to apologize when he realized Kenobi had a little smile on his face. Finn grinned. “Call me Finn,” he said, offering Kenobi his hand to shake. Kenobi shook his hand. He had rough hands from work and training. Finn knew how that felt, since his hands, Rey’s and Luke were all rough. “You can call me Obi-Wan,” Kenobi said. “It’s nice to meet you Obi-Wan. So, what are we going to learn?” “I was thinking of seeing what you know already,” Obi-Wan said. “Well, I’m still getting used to meditating. I mean, the First Order, the people who owned me before I escaped. They raised me to be a soldier. And they taught us something like meditation, but we were supposed to think about our lessons and how we fought and our loyalty to the First Order. And it’s hard to break that. It’s easier to do it with someone else who’s strong in thee Force,” Finn explained. “How so?” Obi-Wan asked. He looked curious, but Finn was pretty certain he was just assessing Finn’s skills. “Because it’s hard to miss when I’m next to someone who shines like that,” Finn explained. “It reminds me what I’m supposed to be doing. And it’s more welcoming. It’s hard to meditate alone, but it was easier even with Anakin who’d never heard about meditation until I started showing him what to do… although to be honest I’d probably still be okay if I’d been meditating alone, since Shmi and Anakin shine so brightly.” “You can see them?” Obi-Wan asked. “I close my eyes to make the distractions go away. And then yeah, I can see it,” Finn said. “What do you see?” Now Obi-Wan’s questions weren’t just assessing. He was actively curious. Finn found himself blushing. “I’ve only started training a little under six months ago. I don’t know all the terms yet.” “That’s fine. Will you tell me how you’d describe what you see?” Obi-Wan asked. “Okay,” Finn said. It was different with Rey and Luke who had less than traditional training. But Obi-Wan did. Finn hoped Obi-Wan wouldn’t tell Finn he was wrong to think and see as he did. Finn didn’t know how else to think about the Force. And it felt right to think the way he did. “Please,” Obi-Wan asked. “Okay… so, well. Like I said, it’s different with each person. Luke always seems to burn like a forest fire to me. Which makes sense that Anakin is his grandfather, because Anakin is an entire forest planet on fire. And it never goes out. It’s really amazing.” Finn knew he was smiling. Obi-Wan looked fascinated. “How do others look?” “Well, Shm is like a bonfire. Strong and going, but contained as well, though a lot of potential. Kylo Ren is like the embers of a city burned to the ground. That doesn’t make him less powerful, but there’s so much desolation, and the embers can pick up on the wind and cause more damage,” Finn explained. “What about me?” Obi-Wan asked. “Like a sun,” Finn said. “But not one that’s close. The way the sun warms a planet. You’re the way the sun feels on the planet itself. Which is kind of like Rey. Her’s is like the twin suns of Tatooine.” Obi-Wan opened his mouth and made a noise, clearly an accident. Obi-Wan cleared his throat and tried again. “And Master Qui-Gon?” “Yeah… I wanted to ask him, because it’s not an image exactly. But it’s amazing. He’s reaching out and touching everything, and yet he’s contained. I wish I knew how to do that. I’ve never seen anything like it in my life.” “He’s special,” Obi-Wan admitted. “He practices something called the Living Force. Not a lot of us are as strong in that respect as he is.” “So what do you do?” Finn asked. “The Unifying Force,” Obi-Wan said. “And those mean what exactly?” Obi-Wan sighed. “Well, the Living Force is the concept that the Force is in everything and all things and that it will tell us what needs to be done in the moment.” “Sounds right to me,” Finn said. “What’s the other one.” “The Unifying Force believes that there is a connection between all the stars, and that we connect to the Force by our understanding. It also relies more on working to achieve our destiny. Do you ever have visions of the future?” “Not me, but Luke does. And Rey’s had Force Visions before. Luke says that stuff is different for each. I thinks I can heal, but he doesn’t know how to teach me because he doesn’t know how to do it.” “Each Jedi is suited to different things,” Obi-Wan said. “I am more suited to visions than Master Qui-Gon.” Finn nodded. “I guess that makes sense. So what do you believe?” “The Unifying Force,” Obi-Wan explained. “And you can’t do both?” Finn asked. “Jedi tend to adhere more to one or the other,” Obi-Wan said. Finn nodded and looked away. He wondered what he believed. He’d have to think about it, especially if it was going to be that important. “Finn… what do you see when you look at yourself in the Force?” Obi-Wan asked. “Oh… Ahch-To. It’s all Ocean with a bunch of islands. I’m the Ocean. Deep in the Ocean,” he explained. “So… like an ocean planet instead of a forest planet on fire?” Obi-Wan asked. Finn blushed. “I don’t mean it like that.” “Why not?” Obi-Wan asked. “It’s just different. I feel it different than Anakin does. It’s not bad. It’s just different,” Finn tried to explain. This was where things go frustrating. “That’s fine,” Obi-Wan said. “I was just curious. So, you said you practice meditation, what else?” “Well, in the First Order, we trained to be soldiers. Turned out some of the weapons we learned weren’t that different from light sabers. And we were supposed to know how to defend against lightsabers. And so we learned a little. But Luke’s been teaching me. And Rey too. But it’s kind of more difficult with her. She’s more of a natural with it, but she doesn’t like using only one lightsaber.” “She uses two?” Obi-Wan asked. Finn laughed. “No. She’s used to use a staff. And Luke found information about a Force user who had a staff lightsaber. They’re trying to figure out how to build her one. No luck so far. So I got Luke’s old lightsaber, the one Rey was using and they’re busy trying to figure out the mechanics of something they’re not really certain ever existed.” Obi-Wan smiled a bit. “You can talk speak with some of the Masters when we get back to the temple. Part of our training is to be able to make our own Lightsabers.” “So, maybe they’ll have a better idea,” Finn said. “And you can learn what to do with your own when it breaks. And it will break. That’s the nature of weapons you use too much,” Obi-Wan said. “Don’t I know it,” Finn said. “It was so frustrating how many times our blasters gave out just on practice. And Slip just didn’t know what to do when that happened, even though they trained for it. And Nines and Zeroes would bitch when I fixed it for Slip, like we wouldn’t all die if we suddenly had to protect someone who didn’t have a weapon.” “Were those your friends?” Obi-Wan asked. “No… they were my unit. But Slip is dead. I was holding him and… it was the second real mission we ever saw. And Nines… well, we fought. But Han Solo…. Force, you don’t even know who that is. But he helped save me and Rey… and well he saw being attacked and he shot Nines with a Wookie bowcaster.” Obi-wan winced. Well, at least he understood. You don’t even stand back up after you’ve been shot with one of those things. Unless your name is Kylo Ren. Finn was so bitter about that. “And now Zeroes is all alone. He didn’t even like me. And he didn’t like Slip. He didn’t like anyone but Nines. He loved Nines so much.” Finn cut himself up. He bowed his head, looking down at his knees. He’d never allowed himself to think about it. He knew about the traded kisses between Nines and Zeroes. It was impossible for Finn to not know how much they adored each other. Finn just didn’t tell anyone. “Was… was that allowed?” Obi-Wan asked quietly. “Not at all. We weren’t supposed to value an individual over the Order. But it happened anyway. I was in charge of my unit. If it got found out I would have been in even more trouble than they were.” “But you didn’t tell,” Obi-Wan said. Finn nodded. “They loved each other. If anything, I was jealous… and now Zeroes has no one.” Finn just normally tried not to think about it. “It’s not your fault,” Obi-Wan said. “Which doesn’t change how I feel,” Finn said. “I know Stormtroopers die all the time. We’re expendable and interchangeable. You only get a name if you make officer. Other than that, you don’t matter. But they were my brothers and sisters and they matter to me.” “Having compassion is important to being a Jedi,” Obi-Wan said. “It’s important to being human. Although you wouldn’t think so the way a lot of people acted.” Finn couldn’t keep the bitterness from his voice. “I’m sorry,” Obi-Wan said. “I didn’t mean to keep getting us off track... I just am not certain why you’re sharing this with me.” Finn jerked his head to the cockpit. “Kylo Ren was part of the First Order. But at the head. To him we’re expendable. Same thing with slaves. If Anakin wasn’t his grandfather, Kylo Ren Wouldn’t care at all. No one here even knows about Slip, Nines and Zeroes. And that’s wrong. Someone else needs to know. They matter. They’re people. It doesn’t matter how they were raised. We’re people.” “Alright, I understand,” Obi-Wan said. “And I understand that while you have an excellent connection to the Force that you need a lot of work on lightsaber skills. And you’ll need to undertake a lot of study once we get to Coruscant.” “That’s fine. I can work with that,” Finn said. “Start now?” “Yes,” Obi-Wan said. “I know we don’t have a lot of space, but I’d like to see a few of your fighting stances, if you don’t mind.” Finn stood up and stretched. “I don’t.” He removed his lightsaber from his belt. He began showing Obi-Wan the forms he’d learned from Luke. Finn collapsed into the Co-Pilot’s seat next to Kylo Ren. He’d been running drills with first Obi-Wan and then with Qui-Gon Jinn for hours. It seemed what Luke knew wasn’t exactly up to Master Jinn’s scrutiny. Finn couldn’t help but feel annoyed on Luke’s behalf. Luke learned from two Masters who had died shortly after they began Luke’s training. He hadn’t gotten the twenty some odd years odd training that normal Jedi got. And he still stayed as true to the Jedi as he could. Still, he’d spent the last few hours having his every move criticized. He didn’t even have real space in the hold of the ship. He hadn’t been able to do all the steps the way he wanted to, and he had nowhere to move. And then Master Jinn had wanted to host guided meditation. Finn only didn’t complain because he didn’t want Anakin to complain. And yes, the guided meditation had been good for them, even if it wasn’t in quite the sitting position Finn was used to. Finn put Shmi and Anakin to bed and let the Jedi stretch out. He was tired, but not enough to try and find space on the floor. And there were a few things he needed to talk to Kylo Ren about. “How did training go?” Finn asked. “You mean earlier?” Kylo Ren asked. He was observing the instruments on the ship’s dashboard. “Yeah, when Anakin and Shmi were in here?” Finn asked. “Educational,” Kylo Ren. “I never realized how much was lost in the Purge before. It wasn’t just information, it was the way it all fit together.” He looked troubled. Finn just felt sad. “Did Anakin enjoy himself?” Finn asked. “He was very excited. I was surprised that Jinn started teaching the woman as well,” Kylo Ren said. He looked out the view screen. The stars really were beautiful. “Her name is Shmi. And she’s your great grandmother, so you should have some respect,” Finn said. “This is nothing like the way I thought it would be,” Kylo Ren said. “What is?” Finn asked. “Meeting my Grandfather. I assumed he would be Darth Vader, no longer a Jedi, but a powerful Sith… and I never expected to see him so…” “Young?” Finn asked. “That,” Kylo Ren said. “He’s… I remember being that age. I didn’t want to be a Jedi, though. I just wanted to stay with my-” he cut himself off. “Father?” Finn guessed. Ren turned and glared at him. Finn felt badly satisfied to see the scar on Ren’s face. Rey had given him that. Finn hoped that he’d left a scar on Ren’s arm as well. He hoped that Ren had to suffer through seeing his loses on his body for all of his life. Finn hoped he was haunted by it. “Why are you here?” Ren snapped. “Because we need to talk about what we’re going to tell people,” Finn said. “I was telling Obi-Wan stuff and I realized maybe it’s a bad idea.” “I’m pretty certain if we were going to screw up the timeline so bad that we cease to exist that the Force wouldn’t have sent us back,” Ren said. “Not like that,” Finn said, wrinkling at his nose at the old convention of holofilms and fiction on time travel. “Then what?” “I mean, maybe everything we know we shouldn’t say. Like, I don’t think it’s a good thing for Ani to know he went dark side. Do you?” Finn asked. He knew accusation was in his voice. “He’s a kid. Things could be different. Clearly the Force wants it to be different or we wouldn’t be here.” “No, I agree with you,” Ren said. “Do you know a lot about Darth Vader?” “No… only that he was the Emperor’s right hand… And apparently that’s who Ani becomes one day.” It was disheartening to know that Ani hadn’t been able to escape the darkness. But maybe they could do better this time. “He was Sith,” Kylo Ren said. “Pure Dark side.” “And you’re not?” Finn asked. “The Knights of Ren are an ancient order of Grey Jedi. Jedi practice only the light and the Sith practice only the dark. A lot of other Force Users believe it’s stupid to not allow yourself to be open to both. The Knights of Ren use more of the Dark side, but they use the Light where it suits them. He just try not to use it too much,” Ren explained. “Alright then,” Finn said. It made sense in word form, though Finn knew the reality was horrible and awful. “So we’re not telling the Council about the Knights of Ren.” “Since I don’t want to start a man hunt for my people. No,” Ren said darkly. “And we’re not telling them about Darth Vader. They’re so close minded they’d probably throw Anakin out immediately.” Finn decided that if that were true that he truly did not like the Council. “And we should leave out most if the information about the First Order,” Ren added. “Why?” Finn asked. “So you won’t sound bad?” “Because it’s too far off for them to worry about… and because I doubt it will flourish into existence if the Empire doesn’t exist first,” Ren said. “How does this help you?” Finn asked. “Darkness will always come back, but the Sith are stupid. They are too busy destroying each other. They destroy us too. The Jedi weren’t the only ones Purged. Any Force user who wasn’t the Emperor or Darth Vader were destroyed if they could be found. The Knights of Ren are what’s left. We never should have lost so many. I assumed this is my purpose in being here.” Finn nodded. He didn’t like it, but he supposed that a Dark side user who could be reasoned with was better than ones that couldn’t. He hoped anyway. “I will talk about the First Order… but not like it’s a pressing threat,” Finn said. “But we need to get them to believe in the Purge.” “And we need to try and avoid the Clone Wars,” Ren said. “If possible. It gave the Emperor his power.” “Do you know who the Emperor is?” Finn asked. He hadn’t heard much except the old man was called the Emperor. The New Republic had worked hard to strike the man’s name from the history books. “Yes… sort of. It’s complicated. I just don’t want the Jedi running right at him if they believe us. Or worse, telling him if they don’t. We need to be careful about this,” Ren said. “I know more than you. For now we need to focus on trying to make them realize the seeds of their destruction have already been sown.” “If they’re really as stubborn as you said they were, then we’re going to have a hard time,” Finn said. “They’re worse,” Ren said. “This is why I hate power structures. I mean, clearly I’m not something they’d encountered in a long time. They didn’t want to believe I wasn’t Sith. And they didn’t want to believe I was Sith either. It splint right down the middle and I was standing right there.” Finn let out a soft groan. “How does that even work?” “Not well,” Ren said. “I see why my mother always got frustrated with committees now.” Finn laughed softly. “Oh, she’d love this wouldn’t she? She might actually kill someone.” “Her temper has always been worse than mine,” Ren said. Finn stared at Ren. This wasn’t the Kylo Ren he knew. But then, he’d clearly been here for a while. Having to convince a bunch of people who didn’t want to listen might have tempered him. Finn also didn’t believe for a second that General Organa had a worse temper than Kylo Ren. “How long were you there?” Finn asked. “The Andvor Stone sent me to the Council Chamber two months ago,” Ren said. “Well… I guess that’s good for us,” Finn said. “I don’t know how we would have gotten off of Tatooine otherwise.” “And we never would have found you,” Ren said. He was nodding along. Finn slumped back in his seat. “The Force provides.” “A lot of pain,” Ren said. Finn laughed softly. “Oh man. Yeah… I miss Rey,” he said. “I don’t,” Ren said. Finn laughed a little longer. “I can’t imagine why.” He closed his eyes for a moment and let out a heavy sigh. “I am not letting the Council be alone with Ani or Shmi. They’ll probably upset them.” Upset would probably be an understatement. But if everything Ren said was true, then everything was going to be very delicate. He didn’t want anyone frightening either of them. And he didn’t want Ani being exposed to even more darkness. Finn didn’t want to think about what Anakin had probably already experienced. Even if Shmi tried to protect Anakin from the worst of life, as Finn imagined she did, Finn still knew that Anakin didn’t wake up totally innocent. There was a vast different between growing up with in a structured, but loving environment, as Finn imagined most of the Jedi grew up in, and growing up with someone else owning your body. Finn knew Ren wouldn’t understand, so he didn’t bring it up. Finn hadn’t talked about it with Poe either. Poe just wouldn’t get it. Luke understood a little bit. Tatooine’s economy ran on slavery. Luke had grown up around it. While Finn hadn’t realized that Skywalker was a slave name, it made sense. It was a name that sounded like freedom. Something slaves would want and their owners would want to taunt them with. Even free, Luke would understand, having been yoked with the stigma from his name. It wasn’t odd to Finn that a slave name was now one of the most revered in the Galaxy. It meant strength and freedom. Finn was proud to have that name, more now that he knew its true origin. He had escaped. He was a Skywalker. Rey understood too. Not exactly. She’d been bound by poverty. But really, poverty could be just as tight of a leash of ownership as a paper of sale. It kept you bound to people you couldn’t escape. And it could follow you to your grave and haunt your children afterwards. Finn felt isolated often because he didn’t know things other people did. But for once he didn’t feel so isolated. Yes, he was out of time and out of place. But he had people who understood. Shmi didn’t need to have been part of the First Order to know exactly what they were like. She didn’t need it to be explained. She didn’t need him to explain the grief of those he’d left behind and lost, the way he had to explain to Obi-Wan. She didn’t need him to explain the relief of being away from the First Order. They understood each other. And both of them were grateful that Anakin had escaped many of the understandings they shared, and grief that Anakin also understood them, even if not completely. In the other time, Finn had Rey and some understanding from Luke. Finn still had them. He knew they loved him, even if they were separated for now. Now he had Shmi and Anakin. He wasn’t alone. Even with everything he did know that they didn’t, there was still a lot they would understand that no one else would. And he would fight for them. If the Council tried to hurt them, he would protect them. He could do that now. This wasn’t the First Order. He didn’t have to protect Slip quietly. Finn could and would be loud about this protection. This was his family now. He wasn’t going to let the Council hurt them. He wouldn’t let anyone hurt them. Chapter 4 It took four days to get back to Coruscant. Finn had never been on a planet like that before. He soon as he saw it he was reminded of Jakku. Who would willingly chose to live on a planet that had no water, no trees, no natural animals? Crazy people, or the very poorest. He was pretty certain Rey would agree with him. “That’s home,” Obi-Wan said. He was piloting the ship down for landing. Apparently the autopilot wasn’t good enough to manage that, which made Finn retroactively nervous about the flight they had been taking. “It’s awful,” Ren said. “It doesn’t even look different.” “You’ve been there?” Finn asked. “The capital wasn’t always in the Hosnian System. Traditionally it’s been on Coruscant,” Ren explained. He shivered. “I hate this place.” “We’ll, you’re going to be stuck here for a while,” Jinn said. Finn turned to look at the man. He was standing just outside the door, his head ducked a little so he could see in. Anakin had wanted to see Coruscant, but they really couldn’t fit more than him plus three full grown adult men in the small space. “I think it looks great,” Anakin said. “There’s not sand anywhere.” Finn laughed quietly. “True, in that way it is an improvement over Tatooine,” Finn agreed. “How long until we arrive?” Anakin asked. “Under an hour,” Obi-Wan said. “A lot less. I suggest getting strapped in for landing.” “Okay, Ani, let’s go sit down,” Finn said. This old rust bucket of a ship really couldn’t be very good if it wasn’t even safe to land without having to be strapped in. He carried Anakin out. Jinn had walked backwards to get out of their way. The man went to one of the benches and strapped in. Finn sat next to Shmi and got Anakin strapped in first, then he got himself strapped in. It was well under an hour before the ship started to rattle like crazy as it entered the atmosphere. They had found their landing pad and actually landed probably by a half hour. Finn was just happy when the ship stopped shaking and was finally still. “We’ve arrived,” Jinn said. He removed his restraints and got up. Finn got himself out of his straps. Shmi helped Anakin get out while Finn gathered their things together. Obi-Wan opened the landing hatch and Jinn waited for them. Soon enough their little party was ready to go. Jinn walked out first, then Obi-Wan. Ren followed with the parts for C3PO. Finn held onto one of Anakin’s hands, and Shmi held the other. They walked out together. One the landing pad waiting for them was another Jedi. Obi-Wan had explained that the darker robes noted a Jedi Knight versus a Padawan. “Master Windu,” Jinn said, folding his hands up into his robe. “Qui-Gon, this is more than one child,” Master Windu said, eyeing them. Finn couldn’t help but feel a little excited. The First Order didn’t have high ranking officers who looked like Finn. But here was a man who looked like Finn, and he was clearly at least as the same level as Master Jinn, who Obi-Wan told him was one of the most respected Jedi the Order currently had. “Yes, well, it turned out that there were a few complications,” Jinn said. There was humor in his voice. “Which I promise to explain.” “I’m sure you will,” Master Windu said. He was eyeing them all. “Leave your things here, and including the blasters, Finn,” Jinn said, turning to look at them. “They’ll be taken out a guest suite.” Finn grumbled, but he left his bag and both his blasters in the pile of luggage with the rest. Kylo Ren left C3PO there as well. “Is that a lightsaber?” Master Windu asked. Finn looked up. “Master Luke Skywalker gave it to me,” Finn said. “Finn is studying under a Master that we don’t have in the temple records,” Jinn said quickly before Master Windu could ask. “Which is part of what we need to discuss.” “Great,” Master Windu said, a certain level of sarcasm in his voice. Master Windu turned and headed into the temple. Jinn followed after him, coming to walk beside him. Obi-Wan walked slightly behind them. The rest of them were left to follow. “Mace Windu is one of the council,” Ren said quietly. “Him and Yoda supported my petition to go to Tatooine.” Finn nodded. Good to know. The man wasn’t completely on their side, but he might actually listen to them. The walk through the halls was mostly quiet. Shmi or Finn would shush Anakin before he could ask any questions. Ren got more and more tense with every step they took. It set Finn on edge, and Shmi too from the looks of it. Finn wasn’t used to the opulence of the Temple. Finn was used to bunkers, or Ahch-To, which was basically a little hut that Luke had built to live in and expanded on when suddenly he had extra people coming to live with him. “This place is amazing,” Anakin whispered to him, a little louder than a whisper should be. “It’s something,” Finn whispered back. “Can you see it?” Anakin asked. “Close your eyes.” Finn did as he was told. He nearly gasped. The tapestry of the Force was old and powerful. There was so many threads from thousands of years. Their threads wove into the tapestry. It was like the Temple drew in the life around it, feeding off it and giving it back. There were bright spots all throughout the temple, a galaxy of stars that were the Jedi in residence, along with all the Padawans and Initiates. The Temple was full to the brim with life and the Force and Light. No wonder his place was important to the Jedi. The thought of this place being destroyed and impossible to touch made Finn sick. The idea of all those stars being snuffed at made Finn’s stomach heave. He banished those thoughts into the Force. This was what he was here for. He opened his eyes and set his shoulders. They were led to the end of a corridor. The doors were pushed open. Eleven people sat waiting for them. Master Windu went and took his seat in the circle of people. Finn had never seen many non-humans until he’d joined the Resistance. It surprised him to see only two full humans on the council. “Master Jinn, this is more than one boy,” the one full human woman with two looped braids said. “I am aware,” Jinn said. “We arrived at Tatooine and after some searching were able to locate the boy Kylo Ren spoke of. But we could not buy him. He and his mother had already been freed,” Jinn said. “So this is the boy,” Master Windu said. “His name is Anakin,” Finn said. He could see the look of disdain on Ren’s face, and all of the Council was staring at him. He didn’t care. “Anakin Skywalker. This is his Mother, Shmi Skywalker. And I’m Finn Skywalker. We’re people, not items. And we would appreciate it if you would speak to us, and not about us.” “Appropriate, this request is,” a small green… something said. Finn regretted that he hadn’t done more work studying species before. Finn closed his eyes for a moment, reaching for the Force. All of these Masters looked different to him in the Force. The one who spoke was like a deep well, running down, down, down further than Finn could see. Finn opened his eyes and let his nerves and his anger go, it had no place here. “Master Jinn, you said that Padawan Skywalker here has a Jedi Master?” Master Windu asked. “That’s what is complicated,” Jinn said. “Finn Skywalker’s Master hasn’t been born yet. We were informed that Kylo Ren and Finn Skywalker came in contact with a Force infused artifact on Andvor, and that both of them are from what we’d consider the future.” “That’s impossible!” a man with a very tall head declared. “It isn’t or we wouldn’t be here,” Ren said shortly. “And where would you be if you weren’t here?” a woman with tentacles for hair asked. “I would have killed him and been on my way back,” Kylo Ren said. Finn snorted. “Oh please. You were nowhere near killing me. I seem to remember you were running away.” “A tactical retreat to get to higher ground,” Ren snapped. “And that’s how you got that scar on your face before? Tactical retreat?” Finn asked. He fought to keep a straight face. It was such a bad idea to poke at Ren like that, but Finn didn’t care. Kylo Ren had just declared that he would have killed him if the Force hadn’t intervened. “Boys,” Jinn said, as if to remind them where they were. “Apologies,” Finn said. He allowed himself to look a little ashamed. That wasn’t the kind of example he should set for Anakin. And they were trying to make these people believe their story. “Kylo Ren is your enemy?” the woman with the tentacles asked. “That’s an understatement,” Finn said. “Where we come from, he’s done many horrible things. Including nearly kill me, torture a number of my friends, and many other things. But we have come to truce because what we have to say is important. Ren didn’t tell you about Anakin because of some prophecy. He did it because one day Anakin will be his grandfather. One of Anakin’s children is my master, Luke Skywalker. His other child is General Leia Organa. She’s been leading revolutions since she was younger than me, because something happens in your future and in my past. The Republic and the Jedi are destroyed and an evil Emperor takes over.” “Now that is impossible,” another man said. He had fur on his face and all over his body. “The Republic has been around for over 2000 years.” “Well, it was dead for nearly 30 before the New Republic was formed,” Ren said. “Troubling,” the small green council member said. “This is. Most troubling.” “Finn has some training,” Jinn said. “He is strong in the Force, but what he knows doesn’t completely line up with what we teach. We’ve been working with him on the kata. It’s close but not exactly what we teach and learn. He’s informed us that his Master is the only Jedi left, and that the ability to find material to teach and study has been severely limited by the Purge that destroyed the Jedi.” “You realize this is unbelievable,” Master Windu said. “Even for us.” “Who survives the Purge?” the human woman with the braids asked. “Someone must survive to pass on the Jedi way to this Luke Skywalker.” “Obi-Wan Kenobi,” Finn said. “And Master Yoda,” Ren said, nodding his head to the council member. “Luke mentioned Qui-Gon Jinn before as well,” Finn said. “Not that he was alive,” Ren said. “Ahsoka Tano survived as well, but she had already left the order.” “I’ve never heard of her before,” Finn said. “Neither have we,” the council member with the horns said. “She’s younger than my Grandfather. He trained her, but she left the Order before the Purge,” Ren said. “And Anakin had to as well,” Finn said. He looked down at Anakin, who looked up at him. Anakin reached for Finn’s hand, which Finn took. Finn found all this talk vaguely terrifying. Finn just knew how to move the terror to the back of his mind to be dealt with when he had time. Anakin didn’t know how to do that yet. “This is still impossible to believe,” the furry council member said. “Imagine how it feels for us,” Finn said. “We’re nowhere near home. I couldn’t contact anyone from home. We’re in the middle of a war back home. It’s terrifying when you can’t find anyone, when you wake up on a planet you knew you weren’t on before he lost consciousness.” “We would like to believe you, but you realize how unlikely this sounds,” the human said. “Then one of you can read my memories,” Finn said. “I was a soldier, kidnapped at birth by an organization that came out of the Empire after its fall. You can see.” “Are you crazy?” Ren hissed. “You don’t let someone into your mind like that. They could destroy you?” “Rey’s grandfather is part of this group. And Master Jinn has been good to us. And if you said that Master Yoda trained Luke then that means that some part of them is good. And how do we expect them to trust us if we can’t trust them at all.” There was a moment of silence in the chamber. “What if they hurt you?” Anakin asked quietly. “Anakin,” Shmi said quietly. “No, mom, what if they hurt him?” Anakin asked. Anxiety was coming off Anakin in waves. “Sometimes trust means putting yourself in a place where someone can hurt you,” Finn said. He bent over to look Anakin in the eye. “And sometimes trying to help people means that you’re going to get hurt. That’s what it means to be a freeman. You get to decide when you allow yourself to be vulnerable to someone hurting you… and that’s how you make allies and friends.” Anakin looked unhappy, more than happy. But he nodded. He stuck close to his mother, pressing against her. Shmi put both her arms around him. Obi-Wan was staring at him. So was Jinn. The look on Jinn’s face was pride. Finn took a deep breath and stepped forward. “So, who wants a look?” “Here, come,” the small council member, Yoda said. Finn walked over and knelt at Yoda’s feet. Finn bowed his head close to Yoda. Finn closed his eyes and opened himself to the Force. He could see down, down into the well that was Master Yoda. He felt the touch of Yoda’s clawed hand on his forehead. Finn opened himself up. His gut told him this was dangerous, but he told his instincts to shut up. He watched as Yoda pushed into his mind. He could see pulses along the well. There was a push into his mind. And then there was amazing discomfort. Yoda wasn’t trying to hurt him, but Finn had a lot of painful memories, and each memory brought up also brought up the old emotions attached to it. He watched himself wishing that someone, anyone would give him a name like those in his units. He felt his own pride at the praise Phasma gave him. He knew he was meant for more than just being a Stormtrooper. He watched his unit kill the miners. He watched himself unable to shoot simulations of people he wasn’t certain were enemies. He watched Slip die his arms. He watched Kylo Ren stopping Poe’s blaster. He watched his fellow Stormtroopers killing the village. He watch himself freeing Poe. He watched meeting Rey. The love was so warm to that memory even though she’d knocked him down and BB8 had zapped him. He watched meeting Han Solo, the confirmation of all the old stories he’d told being true. Those stories flashed across his mind. He watched Kylo Ren kidnap Ren. He watched himself find Rey. He watched Kylo Ren kill Han. Their fight played out in slow detail. He could feel Ren’s lightsaber slice down his back. He relived waking up in the medbay. He relived talking to General Organa, her belief that her son could still be saved, against all evidence to the contrary. He saw himself going to Luke. Rey holding him, so happy he was alive. Luke’s easy acceptance. When Luke told Finn he could be a Skywalker as well. Fighting to try and save Luke from Kylo Ren. Meeting Anakin and seeing just how much strength he had. Obi-Wan and him talking- The memories cut off. Finn staggered back. He felt strong arms grab him. He felt that it was Jinn before he could see him. Jinn helped to straighten him. Finn took a few moments to come back to the present. The rush of memories and emotions had been very strong. He’d lived them all again. All of those emotions t once made him feel sick. He shut it down. He could be numb now and deal with the emotions later. His eyes focus on Yoda, who was looking desperately troubled. “Not from here, Finn Skywalker is,” Yoda said. “Believe him, I do.” “So now what?” Master Windu asked. “Find them a place to stay before he collapses, we should,” Yoda said. “I’m not going to fall down,” Finn said. “Much to discuss we have,” Yoda said. “Obi-Wan, take them to their rooms for now,” Jinn said. “Yes, Master,” Obi-Wan said. He put his arm around Finn and began to lead him out. Finn felt a headache coming on. He didn’t argue. “Are you okay?” Anakin asked quietly once they were out of the Council Chamber. “Ow. I don’t recommend that,” Finn said. He rubbed his forehead. “That was very brave,” Obi-Wan said. “Jedi form strong bonds. But even we don’t open ourselves up like that to strangers.” “It had to be done,” Finn said. “Don’t do it again,” Shmi said. Finn winced. “I won’t.” Obi-Wan didn’t pace, but it was a close thing. He’d gotten Finn to the rooms that the Skywalker Family had been provided. He and Shmi had gotten him settled in a bed and gotten his boots and jacket off. Anakin had crawled in bed with him, not truly believing that Master Yoda hadn’t broken Finn in some way. Obi-Wan had found a tea stocked in the kitchen to help with the headache, which he brewed for Finn. He stayed while Finn drank it. He stayed until Finn and Anakin fell asleep. Then he’d stayed to explain to Shmi what must have happened. Eventually she’d sent him away. In an odd amount of patience, Ren and stayed quiet while all of this happened. Obi-Wan walked Kylo Ren to his rooms, which were guarded. He wasn’t allowed to be alone in the temple at any point. Once Kylo Ren was safely put away, Obi-Wan and returned to his Master’s quarters to wait. Master Qui-Gon hadn’t returned since then. Obi-Wan knew it was beneath him to be acting so impatient. But something had happened in the Council Chamber, and he wanted to know what happened once he’d left. When the door opened Obi-Wan was right there. Qui-Gon looked tired, but his mouth turned up in amusement as soon as he saw Obi-Wan. “Patient as ever,” he said. “You’re always telling me to live in the moment,” Obi-Wan said. Qui-Gon let out a small huff of a laugh. He shut the door behind him. He walked in and dropped onto his couch. “Tea?” Obi-Wan offered. “Please,” his Master requested. Obi-Wan rushed off to make tea. His previously frayed patience suddenly had no bounds. He got his Master a cup of tea, placing the warm cup into Qui-Gon’s much larger hands. There was a slight brush of fingers, something that was normal but still pleased Obi-Wan very much. Finn’s admission of loving someone so completely had made Obi-Wan jealous. They weren’t supposed to have strong attachments to a single person. Of course it was impossible to cut yourself off completely from caring about the people around you. The point was that you needed to be able to let a person go when they died. And if the situation arise, you wouldn’t lose yourself seeking a way to save them. You had so sacrifice your interests for others. Obi-Wan understood that. He also understood that his Master wasn’t the best at it. Xanatos and Tahl. Whatever love and affection his Master had for them had deeply affected him. And yet still his Master set aside his pains to do what was right. Obi-Wan wanted to be able to do that. He just feared that he never would be able to. There was no reason to be jealous of Finn. His love was a fellow student, someone near his age. And they were separated. Obi-Wan hadn’t want to think that Finn may never see her again, but it was a possibility. At least Obi-Wan got to stay by the side of the man who had his affection. Really, it wouldn’t make a difference if he were allowed attachments. If Finn had wanted his Master Luke, then Obi-Wan would have had a chance. But the bond between Padawan and Master was sacred. Obi-Wan got a chance to spend every with Qui-Gon Jinn for a number of years. And then when their bond was broken he would have to move on and leave him behind. It was the ultimate test of his resolve and his commitment to the Jedi Order. He just hoped he did it was half the grace of Finn. Finn was out of time, away from the people he loved, and working with a man who appeared to be one of his greatest enemies. And Finn simply did it because that was what the Force asked of him. That was a level off faith that Obi-Wan was certain that Qui-Gon had achieved, but only after years of practice. Yes, he was jealous. But he admired Finn too. Obi-Wan wanted to be around him more, to learn from him. “What did the Council say, Master?” Obi-Wan asked, dropping down on the couch. Not too close to be in his Master’s space, not too far away to be suspicious. “They’ve decided that Anakin can’t be trained. That he’s too old,” Master Qui-Gon said. “But with that amount of power, to not train him could easily lead to our own destruction,” Obi-Wan said. Now that he knew the end of the Order was on the table, Obi-Wan felt more keenly aware that any misstep might contribute to their eventual doom. He would need to temper that fear through meditation, but there hadn’t been time yet. “Which is true,” Qui-Gon said. He took another sip of tea. He let out a quiet sigh of pleasure at the taste. Those types of sounds always made Obi-Wan’s heart beat a little faster. “But, we have time to argue them down.” “What time?” Obi-Wan asked. “They were hesitant to accept Finn into training as well. But he already as a Master. Luke Skywalker has already accepted him into the Order to be taught,” Qui-Gon explained. Obi-Wan felt a smile start on his face. “They won’t go against another Master.” “Even if he isn’t born yet. And Master Yoda agreed that if Finn is able to go back to his own time, it would be fortuitous to the continuation of the Jedi if someone has more training in are ways. So for now we will continue teaching him.” “Good,” Obi-Wan said. He saw potential in Finn. He wanted to see what he could really do, not just stiltedly walk through in the cramped quarters of a ship far too small for their needs. “And, since their Order is different than ours, I argued that it would be against their code to send the rest of the Skywalker family away, as Fin has clearly already claimed them as his own.” Qui-Gon took a sip. The look of shock on Obi-Wan’s face allowed him to stare at his Master for a moment, to take in the movement of his throat as he swallowed, and the way his long fingers wrapped around the cup. “I have a hard time believing that they agreed to that,” Obi-Wan admitted. “Whatever Yoda saw convinced him. Mace sided with Yoda. Depa was amenable after that. Eeth Koth wasn’t happy that they hadn’t agreed to train Anakin to begin with. Yaddle agreed with Yoda of a test basis. Depa was able convince Adi easily enough. And Mundi agreed as a tie breaker,” Qui-Gon explained. “We got lucky,” Obi-Wan said, settling back into the comfort of the couch cushions. “Agreed,” Qui-Gon said. “Anakin will need to be educated, and I doubt that Finn won’t pass along what he knows.” “And there’s nothing in the Code saying that we can’t assist the Education of one of our guests,” Obi-Wan finished. It wasn’t completely the way it should be, but it would help. “And Finn will likely teach Shmi as well,” Qui-Gon added. Obi-Wan nodded. “Would you like me to continue instructing Finn through the katas?” “Yes,” Qui-Gon said. “He reacts well to you.” “Will we begin in the morning?” Obi-Wan asked. “After a trip to medical.” “Alright,” Obi-Wan said. “He was very tired. He fell asleep very easily once we got him to a bed.” “He doesn’t have proper shields,” Qui-Gon said. “I thought so,” Obi-Wan said. “We’ll work on that education as well. Yoda’s exploration shouldn’t have harmed him as badly as it did. He must not know how to separate memory from emotions.” Qui-Gon drained the last of his tea and stood. “We should get sleep. The morning comes early and there is much to do.” “Yes, Master,” Obi-Wan said, rising as well. His Master headed to the kitchen. Obi-Wan headed to his own room. He could also use a long night’s sleep. The benches on the ship were not conducive to restful sleep. He was looking forward to a night on an actual mattress. Finn woke up with a dull ache in his head. Shmi made him a cup of tea that cleared that up. Finn wasn’t certain how all the appliances in the kitchen worked, but Shmi had apparently already figured it out. Finn was pretty certain that Anakin got his interest in machines and making things work. Anakin was still young enough to think of those things fun and not a necessity of a hard life lived on hand off scraps. Breakfast was good. Obi-Wan came to meet them. He sat down with all of them to attempt meditation before the day begin. Anakin struggled to stay still, but Finn had the easiest time slipping into the Force that he’d ever had. Every part of the Temple was bursting with the Force. It was easy for Finn to just slip under, find the threads and follow them where they would lead. They didn’t lead particularly anywhere except that there was a gentle whisper of excitement. When meditation time ended, Finn was feeling like it was going to be a good day. “What are we doing today?” Anakin asked. “To start with, I’m taking you all to see the Healers. They want to be certain there’s nothing wrong, and to give you any immunizations you may have missed,” Obi-Wan explained. Finn smiled. “Oh boy. So much fun,” he said with a light sarcasm. Obi-Wan shot him a look that Finn could only describe as a very polite dirty look. Finn had to work hard not to laugh. Obi-Wan lead them to the Healers, with a stop over to get Kylo Ren. Finn didn’t ask what in the world they needed to check Ren for. At least, he didn’t while they were walked to the Healers. Once Anakin and Shmi were back with a number of healers, Finn pulled Obi-Wan aside. “Did they not check Ren out when he first got here?” “They want to check for genetic matches,” Obi-Wan said. “To see if he and Anakin really are related.” An idea formed in Finn’s head almost instantly. He considered it for a moment before he just decided to ask. He was away from the First Order, separated by sixty some odd years or more. There was no way to for him to find his First Order records and see where he’d been stolen from. Not now. “Do you think they can check me for genetic markers?” Finn asked. “I was stolen as a child… or given away. I don’t know. I just have no idea where my family could have come from. You think there’s a way to narrow it down to a planet or a star system or something?” Obi-Wan pursed his lips for a moment. “I’m not certain. They’d have to test it against species on record. And humans have a tendency to move around. And I don’t know how much has changed between now and your time… but we can try.” “Even being able to rule out some places would be good,” Finn said. “I honestly don’t know anything. There wasn’t time for me to search for my records. But I want to know.” “Alright. I’ll have them run the test on your as well.” Obi-Wan had a really reassuring smile. Finn was beginning to like him in a way that did and did not have anything to do with his feelings for Rey. Obi-Wan was a really nice guy. He had a dry sense of humor and a strong sense of empathy. But a lot of the things that Finn liked about Rey: her strength, her drive, her loyalty, all of these things he found in Obi-Wan. All he could think that he easily could have liked Obi-Wan if he’d never met Rey, just because both of them had the type of personality that Finn just found very appealing. The Healers ran Finn and the rest of his family through their health paces. The healer he was working with fussed over his back and applied some salve, which would apparently help to lessen the scaring. Finn wasn’t going to say no to not having his back look so bad. The healing Finn had was more technologically advanced, but in some ways, the Jedi healers were better. What they could do worked differently than the Resistance doctors. Really, Finn was just glad when it was over. He was glad when he had his shirt back on and was able to sit with Anakin and Shmi. Both of them had a protein drink that they were drinking. Finn had been given a water pack earlier that he’d already finished. “Alright,” the Healer said. Finn was going to have to get her name later, but he also just wanted to get their diagnosis and go do something else. “What’s the damage?” Finn asked. “Shmi and Anakin both have a level of dehydration, and levels of malnourishments. Both of you are going to be on special diets and drinking requirements for a while. And both of you need to have a series of immunizations. Shmi also needs a few boosters,” the healer said, looking at their datapad. “And me?” Finn asked. “You need to add a few extra glasses of water a day for about a week. And you have immunizations for things that we haven’t ever seen before. We’d like to take some blood samples to study. See if we can try to engineer some of these vaccines before they’re needed,” the healer said. “As long as it doesn’t keep me from training, you can have my blood,” Finn said, offering a friendly smile, which the Healer returned. “Yes, as for the genetic matches. We’ve only run a basic scan. But, Shmi Skywalker and Anakin Skywalker have a close genetic bond, easily identifiable as parent and child.” “As I said,” Shmi said a bit tersely. “We were just checking out results,” the Healer explained. She offered Shmi a soothing smile and then looked back at the scan. “Anakin Skywalker and Kylo Ren have a genetic match, between two to four generations separated. We’ll get a closer read once we have done a more indepth test.” “As I said,” Kylo Ren said. He looked a bit sulky. They had wanted to send him away, but he wouldn’t go until he had his results. And they didn’t need to run any tests besides the genetic test, so he’d been stuck there for a couple hours while they others were checked over. As far as Finn could tell, Ren was bored. The Healer ignored Ren’s outburst and kept speaking. “Anakin Skywalker and Finn Skywalker have a genetic match, between two to four generations of separation. We’ll have a closer read after a more in depth analysis.” “What?” Finn heard Obi-Wan ask. Finn felt like his head was filled with a kind of static. Related? He was related to Anakin. “Did you mother give birth more than once?” Obi-Wan asked. “If she had, I assure you I would have known,” Kylo Ren said. He sounded bitter. Finn was looking down at his knees. “Does this mean I’m Finn’s Grandfather too?” Anakin asked joy in his voice. “Is it possible that your Grandfather had other children?” Obi-Was asked, and edge now in his voice. “No,” Ren said coldly. “Luke,” Finn said quietly. A memory hit him with the force of an avalanche. “When I met him the first time… it just felt right. I thought it was because I knew he was Rey’s teacher. But he just felt… he felt like family.” He turned to look at Anakin who was grinning and Shmi who was giving Finn a worried look. “Like you both felt like family.” Shmi smiled her own type of quiet smile. “That’s because you’re a Skywalker. You’re one of us.” “Nice to meet you, Grandson!” Anakin declared with a loud laugh. He got up on his knees and wrapped his arms around Finn’s neck, nearly strangling Finn with the Force of his hug. A loud laugh burst out of Finn’s mouth. He gathered up Anakin, dragging him into a tight hug, which just made Anakin laugh louder. “I may be younger than you, but I’m way bigger,” Finn said. He started to tickle Anakin. Anakin squirmed like a bug, but didn’t pull away. He just laughed louder and louder. Family. Finn had a family. By his choice. But his blood. He stopped tickling Anakin and hugged him close. Shmi moved closer and put her arms around Finn. “I’m glad,” she told him quietly. “Well… I guess congratulations are in order,” Obi-Wan said. He sounded like he was in shock. He looked a little like it to. Finn just offered him a lopsided smile. “Thanks, Obi-Wan,” he said. He felt Anakin’s hug tighten. Finn hugged Anakin again. He caught the look on Kylo Ren’s face. It was thunderous. Finn didn’t have to think about why Ren was angry. But Finn didn’t feel sorry for him. Ren had walked away from his family and killed his own father. His isolation was his own fault. And Finn had a family. A sly grin spread across his face. “Nice to meet you, Cousin.” Ren didn’t say anything, but he turned and stormed out. “I better go after him,” Obi-Wan said. “He’s not allowed to be without an escort.” He slipped away, following after Ren. “So, now we’re really a family,” Anakin said. “It’s official.” “It was official before this, Ani,” Finn said. “We’re happy to have you,” Shmi said. She pressed against Finn’s side and put her arm around him. Finn got the feeling that he was going to be getting a lot of mothering from her in the future. He couldn’t be unhappy about that. He’d never been mothered before. He thought it might make a nice change. “I’m really happy to have you both as well,” Finn said. “Thank you for wanting me.” “Why wouldn’t we want you?” Anakin asked. “You’re awesome.” “Thanks, Kid,” Finn said. He gave Anakin another hug. And Shmi gave Finn a little squeeze. Whatever happened from here, Finn had a family. And not even Kylo Ren could take that fact away from him. Notes: I really hope this goes the way I want it too. I love this idea and it's a little long reaching. Tags subject to change as the story goes along.