Lieutenant General Skylar May: Lieutenant General Skylar Nicola May is the second-in-command of the First Order. She is the girlfriend of General Armitage Hux. She is described as a no-nonsense woman, although she'll goof off once in awhile. Personality wise, Skylar is kind, yet easily angered, sarcastic, and extremely sassy. Despite her kindness, some of her colleagues fear her, due to her fiery temper. Her best friends are Lieutenant Emily Reynolds and Captain Phasma. Nicknames: Sassy, Miss Feisty, Kitten, Vixen, Blondie, Buffy, Cupcake Skylar's favorite things: -Food: She'll pretty much eat anything, but she loves pasta -Drink: Vodka, red wine, green tea, Dr. Pepper -Candy: Dark chocolate -Activities: Working out, bubble baths, painting her nails, doing her hair and makeup, dancing Pet peeves: Being called Buffy or Blondie, pen clicking, people sneaking up behind her to scare her, Kylo Ren's tantrums Interesting facts: -Skylar was naturally a brunette but started dying her blonde at age 20. She loved it so much she never returned to her natural color. (Her old hair color): -She learned hand-to-hand combat at the age of 5. Lieutenant Emily Reynolds: Lieutenant Emily Dawn Reynolds is an officer of the First Order. She is the girlfriend of Lieutenant Dopheld Mitaka. She is described as happy-go-lucky, but is serious when necessary. Personality wise, Emily is kind, sassy, and energetic. Her energetic personality lifts the spirits of her colleagues, although others become annoyed by it. Her best friends are Lieutenant General Skylar May and Captain Phasma. Nicknames: Miss Silly, Curly, Blondie, Curly Top, Cupid, Angel, Starfish Emily's favorite things: -Food: She'll eat anything, but she loves burgers -Drink: Coke, red wine, French vanilla coffee, root beer -Candy: Starbursts -Activities: Working out, basketball, baseball, dancing, doing her hair and makeup Pet peeves: Being called Curly or Curly Top, being bossed around by General Hux, people chewing their pen Interesting facts: -Emily does not like General Hux that much, she prefers listening to Lieutenant General May (her best friend), knowing she'll go easy on her and not be as bossy. Despite not liking the General, she supports May's relationship with him. -She finds Kylo Ren's tantrums to be hilarious. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the The First Order's Sweethearts series Next Work →