chapter one Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) i think we deserve a soft epilogue, my love ** (At first there is only darkness and then there is only pain) She doesn’t know where she is or who is holding her. She doesn’t know how they got off that Force forsaken beach, how they are alive. All she knows is that she’s been separated from the others. He comes to her cell first, studies her in a way that makes her skin crawl and sweat break out down her back. Then with a swiftness that pulls the breath from her lungs, he attacks her mind. She’s caught off guard, but fights him tooth and nail, using any and every trick she knows to keep him out. (It won’t be enough) Snoke is partly impressed by her fortitude, all the others he’s experimented with broke under his Force pressure by this point, but she still fights with the desperation of a wild thing. She screams herself hoarse, her eyes burning like ignited kyber crystals. Snoke discovers pain coupled with the brutal onslaught on her mental shields is what makes her finally weaken and break. He floods through her mind, burning, boiling. He purges her of everything that makes her Jyn Erso again and again and fashions her into something else. She doesn’t know where she is and she doesn’t know how she got there. She doesn’t even know who she is. ** Snoke begins on the next one, prepared for the long drawn out resistance his compatriot offered. Hoping to once again catch his victim off guard, Snoke bursts forward with the Force gathered powerfully behind him, but the man’s mental shields crumple like flimsiplast. Snoke finds the way ahead swept clean as if cleared for him. Curious. Someone or something ravaged through this one’s mind, leaving him shattered and strewn about, any natural defense utterly pathetic, nearly useless. (- pilot, I’m the pilot ) Snoke’s own invasion has only added to the damage. He must proceed much more carefully with this one or the end result may not even be functional. That just wouldn’t do. Not after he’s gone to such effort. Now if only Snoke could make the man stop screaming. ** “What is your name?” Snoke asks, and blood bubbles from the rebel’s mouth. He looks up at Snoke, who stands over him looming and desiccated, and bears his teeth. “My name is Cassian.” he spits, crimson flecking the front of Snoke’s robes. Snoke doesn’t sigh, but there’s something vaguely irritated in his carefully drawn breath. The man screams when Force Lightning rips through his body, unprepared for the simultaneous assault on his mind. Snoke learned with the first one that a double assault works best. He tears through the rebel’s mind, seeking, destroying. The man falls limp, the only sound in the cell is his harsh breathing. “What is your name?” Snoke asks again. The man’s eyes are fogged with confusion. “I -” he starts, falters and stops. (What is his name?) “You are the Spy.” Snoke tells him, achingly gentle. “I - I am the Spy.” he repeats, his brain hazy with Force suggestion. Then Snoke electrocutes the man again. ** Almost buoyant with his successes, three hollowed out and subservient minds ready to be constructed into whatever he wishes, Snoke nearly discards the next one. It’s defective, blind. The other three must sense the direction of his thoughts. Something violent and cognizant claws to the surface and he has to spend three more weeks reconditioning them before he can return. Still, the other’s intensive response has given him pause. Blinded though the man may be, his connection to the Force is wide. Snoke reasons that he could be useful in the end. Snoke begins bombarding the man’s mind and body and he holds out nearly as long as the first. This one is more crafty, hiding pieces of himself and ferreting them away in the catacombs of his thoughts, using the Force to aid him. (he is one with the Force and the Force is with him) Snoke doesn’t bother tracking down the fragments and instead crushes down, pulverizing into dust and ash until there’s nothing but echoes and screams. ** The last one is almost easy at this point, the method further refined and practiced. There is only the typical resistance, a heavy bulwark surrounding their mind, something Snoke has learned to circumvent with ease. And there is screaming, but there is always screaming. (This is truth) ** The droid is almost unrepairable, but there’s something that simmers, hot and dangerous in the Knights when Snoke mentions leaving it behind. They are stronger together now, an unforeseen complication. Snoke will have to keep that in mind for any future endeavors. Keeping them together makes them strong, yes, but it also keeps them manageable and it’s easier than trying to constantly reprogram them. For now, Snoke concedes and allows the Droid. Besides, he can use this to his advantage. (They refuse to be separated) ** Snoke takes them and rips them open wide until they are not five things, but one - one howling, screaming thing. They were not born with the Force in their blood like the Jedi of old, but this is hardly an obstacle for a Lord of the Sith. He exposes them to the Force, raw and unshielded, drowns them in the dark side until they are steeped in it, a part of it, an awful abscess of gnashing teeth and putrescent hatred. (With the Force, all things are possible) Snoke elevates them and trains them in the ways of the Force and of the dark side and they take to it like a sponge to water, their empty little minds filled with his teachings. Then they are complete. Snoke masks and muzzles them, impressing in their clay-soft minds the same regulations that govern the stormtroopers, that they are never to remove their helmets without permission. And then he sets them loose. The devastation they wreak in his name and in the name of the First Order is unparalleled and incomparable. Snoke thinks it’s breathtaking. However, he couldn’t help but wonder what it would be like with a natural, full blooded Force user under his sway, molded in his image. He thinks of all the ways he could ameliorate the process, the mistakes he could avoid, how this could be an improvement upon the prototype. He would start young, as young as possible, better to mold a mind as it forms than have to break and destroy what is there. He would choose someone strong in the Force so there would be no need to synthesize the ability. Someone with few or underdeveloped connections. Yes, such a person would be perfect for his designs. So he begins to plan. ** “What are they?” asks the boy who used to be Ben, but isn’t anymore. He watches the bodies float in the nearly opaque liquid. He can’t see much, the occupants faces are largely obscured by breathing apparatuses, but he can tell they have their eyes closed. They look almost peaceful. “They are a gift.” Snoke replies in that rumbling, succinct voice of gravel and ash. “For you.” Kylo tries not to show how pleased he is at his Supreme Leader’s words, his cheeks flushed with praise. He looks over at the final tank, where a droid waits, unmoving. “And the droid?” Kylo asks. It’s an imperial unit, slightly outdated, standing silently on guard at the end of the row. Its gaze never wavers from where they stand. Snoke’s lips thin. “This elite unit comes as a set.” he explains. “They become...unruly when separated. At present, the droid remains with them.” Kylo wants to ask about that, but some small self-preservation instinct, some whisper of the Force, tells him it’s better to stay silent. To Snoke, his statement is that of a failure; it’s proof he couldn’t hollow them out completely, could not purge them of their connection to one another, but to Kylo - though it will be many, many years before he fully understands it - this sentence is truth. Snoke, in all his power and knowledge, could not gain mastery over them, not completely. Snoke hopes to rectify this error with the boy at his side whose connections and tethers will be severed from him one at a time. “They have served me well and now they are yours to command.” Snoke tells Kylo. It’s an exciting prospect to the boy, powerful Force users just like him under his authority. He will be strong and powerful with them by his side. “What are their names?” Kylo asks, curious after newly receiving his own. “They have no names, only designations.” A single word inscribed in the plaque on the front of each of their tanks. Snoke pauses to consider. “They are the Knights of Ren.” And they are his. This is truth. ** The next time Kylo meets his elite unit they are standing in line before him, five of them, hooded and masked like him. He knows their designations, memorized them at the earliest opportunity with school boyish eagerness. Rogue, Spy, Pilot, Gunner, Seer and the Droid. And they are his. (This is truth) They are, as Snoke says, to get to know each other. Kylo, still just a boy, doesn’t realize that this is the Supreme Leader’s idea of a joke. They are not like him. They are powerful, yes, but they are not like him. One cannot get to know them when there is little they know about themselves. Kylo can’t help but feel disappointed. Whatever, whoever , they were before - it’s gone, burned away. They are caught in some nightmarish place between human and droid, vacant dolls full of empty spaces and the glitchy silences of bad code. Kylo doesn’t know through what machinations of the dark side Snoke used to weld these people together, one monstrous creature full of rage and rippling darkness and a despair so deep that he flinches away from it, abysmal and unending. (he doesn’t want to find out.) Snoke stripped them down to the bone and built them back up into something different and wrong. They hate it as much as they are capable of, they abhor their own existence. It’s a constant fetid sensation in the Force that emanates from them like an open sore, weeping and embittered. Snoke made them silent because he couldn’t get them to stop screaming. ** Snoke orders them to accompany Kylo to the New Temple. Snoke tells Kylo that to commit fully to the dark side that sacrifices must be made, that the Jedi will never allow people like them to flourish. Kylo knows this, has been told again and again, but he doesn’t want to, he doesn’t want to . Snoke’s thin, knobby fingers curl over his willowy shoulder like a talon, the bone nearly warping under the pressure. Snoke digs into soft flesh, digs into soft mind, whispering, icy and sharp. Blood bursts in Kylo’s mouth and there’s a noise, high and piercing. Then it’s gone. It’s gone so thoroughly Kylo doesn’t even remember it happened at all. There is nothing but empty space and the rasping sound of his own breathing. “You know what must be done, don’t you?” his master asks. Kylo knows, he knows. He remembers his mother’s frown, his father’s disappearing back, his uncle’s disapproval. They were holding him back. He is something new and special and they want to destroy that, to use it for their own ends. He understands now. He knows what he must do. He will fulfill his destiny and no one will stand in his way. (The Knights of Ren watch from behind.) The guardians of the New Temple don’t even realize there’s anything wrong at first, they come to greet him as a student, a lost sheep returned to the fold. They learn the error of that assumption quickly, but too late. There’s a small voice shrieking in his head the whole time as his once friends fall under his crimson blade. He is being torn apart, an agony he cannot free himself from. His Knights never speak, but their bond to one another feels twisted and boiling and awful. He thinks for a moment that they are screaming, too. There is nothing but silence surrounding them. His arms ache and there’s blood and viscera splattered against his armor. The Temple is nothing but smoldering wreckage and the dark side is burning in his veins, his birthright. And he hates it, he hates all of it. They hate it too. (Hate leads to suffering) (Oh gods, how they have suffered) He tears his helmet off and throws his head back and lets the sound rip from his throat, no longer able to stand it. It echoes in all the newly empty places. His Force presence expands, seeking outward, seeking anything and they are there. (The Knights of Ren watch from behind.) Something between them is cemented that day, though Kylo won’t come to fully understand it for many, many years. They are the Knights of Ren and they are his. ** They still don’t speak, but over time Kylo has come to be grateful for it. They offer him nothing but their constant presence, even if it does feel like a wound flayed open in the Force. Sometimes Kylo thinks he feels the same. It takes time for him to completely comprehend the limitations that Snoke has forced upon them. The Knights of Ren can’t be spoken to like actual people. If Kylo asks “Do you feel inclined to sparring?” he gets nothing but the modulators clicky sound of breathing. They do not answer questions, they obey orders. So he commands. “Meet me on the mats for sparring.” Once Kylo orders a knight to spar after a mission and only to realize afterwards they had a broken arm the whole time. Kylo goes cold all over. He’s still young, but he has seen sights far worse that the shard of yellow bone, grisly and jagged, peeking up through bruised skin. Yet, it somehow still shakes him. Like many in the First Order he had forgotten that there were people under those masks, human beings. His voice cracks when he orders them to Med Bay, still settling into the lower register it will eventually be, and he tries not to be sick with self anger and shame. They belong to him and he will take more care with them. He learns to coax out their half vocalized words, as they falter and bite off their sentences. He waits patiently when they are unable to articulate, forced into parameters Kylo doesn’t yet grasp. Kylo learns how carefully he must phrase his requests. He becomes more adept at making a question sound like an order. So now, instead, he says, “If you are amiable to sparring, meet me on the mats.” He wonders if they seem more at ease around him when he finally figures that out, or if he’s reading into things. ** He takes the time to observe them during the missions they serve together and this is what he learns. Kylo learns in the swamps of Malastare, when he’s not around, the Knights huddle close to each other like puppies, or abandoned droids. He finds them nestled together in a corner of their accommodations, a sea of black cloth broken up by the glint of durasteel visors. The Force hums pleasantly amongst them. He does not join them. Kylo learns during a operation that someone has royally screwed up that if he has given them no orders they will look to the Rogue for instruction and she is capable of giving it, issuing out the Knights and managing stormtroopers into something actually capable. They complete their objective and Kylo slaughters the incompetent officer responsible for the misinformation that nearly cost them a whole score of troopers to Resistance soldiers. Kylo learns in the alleyways and catacombs of Bogden, as they commit espionage in the name of the First Order, that the Spy is never far from the Rogue’s side, knowing far more than he should, anything and everything, always listening when people overlook him. It’s only because of the Spy’s contacts and a backwater bar brawl that they get out alive. Kylo learns that the Pilot can maneuver the clunkiest ship in the most dire of straits like it’s a streamlined fighter, dodging through the air like a catchhawk even in spite of the Umbarian fog, but he has shaky hands with a blaster. The Pilot gives a whoop of excitement after a particularly difficult maneuver that had the other shuttle’s passengers digging their heels in and grabbing at whatever surface they could to try and hold on. It’s the first time Kylo has ever heard an expression from one of the Knights that isn’t in response to a direct order. Kylo learns that the Seer has the strongest connection with the Force out of all of the Knights as they sit among the trees of Devaron in a temple that has fallen far into ruin, and Gunner knows where this leaves the Seer vulnerable. You will never see one without the other. They sit there for a long time, stone rubble littered around them, listening to the distant susurrous of the Force whispering through the tree branches. The Gunner watches the tree line and sits at their backs, blaster held steady. Kylo learns that the Droid might seem outdated, but underneath its metal exterior lies some of the most advanced robotics in the First Order. And that when it tells you that a planet is unfriendly it is really best to listen to it. Kylo learns that the Knights will become disobedient, dangerous even, if kept from each other purposefully, but will endure brief separation for the sake of a mission. It makes them irritable and distempered, but they’ll do it if they have to, just not for long. The Rogue becomes snappish and somehow more withdrawn even though she doesn’t speak anyway. The Pilot becomes more jittery and unfocused, their stretched connection only exacerbating the problem. The Gunner grows increasingly violent. Finally, they are reunited with the other two and Kylo breathes a sigh of relief. Kylo learns that when they are not being utilized, which is more often that he likes, that Snoke places the Knights in cryo, frost dotting their eyelashes. It makes them seem ageless, a carefully constructed terror of the First Order that will never fade. Soon Kylo is taller than the Gunner when he once was of a height with the Rogue. The Knights remain unchanged. They do not grow, they do not age, they do not speak. He wonders if he’s older than they are now. Kylo learns that they are slaves, but he doesn’t come to fully understand that for many, many years. (This is truth) Notes: Hope you guys enjoyed! Next chapter should be up around this time next week. Chapter 2 : chapter two Notes: Things get a movin' and I blatantly alter the boy who cried wolf but star warsified (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Kylo wonders some nights if this is as close as he will get to experiencing what it’s like having padawans, apprentices. The Knights of Ren have his name, are of his lineage in a way, and it gives him this odd feeling of weight and responsibility. Despite the fact they are probably older than him and infinitely more threatening. He becomes fond of them, over the years they serve together, the way they trail after him like extremely lethal ducklings, like shadows. That and they really creep Hux out, so, whenever the red headed man is on duty, Kylo Ren makes doubly sure he is never without one or two of his Knights to put the uptight man on edge. Sometimes Kylo thinks they enjoy it a little too, a brief spark brightening their bond, but it’s nearly impossible to tell. ** They have just completed a mission - the subdual and capture of the capital city on a moon called Ondos. It is in a useful location with natural resources and there are always more children needed to fill out stormtrooper ranks. Any zealous Resistance Fighters were quickly dealt with and the more shrewd have no doubt left to report that the city had fallen to the First Order. They sit amongst the smoldering city waiting for retrieval. Rogue has sustained damage to her mask and the dark duraplast has split open like a beetle carapace, revealing dark brown hair and a piercing green eye. It’s the most Kylo has ever seen of her. It’s disconcerting. She’s in no violation of regulation, the damage is incidental, but he’s grown more used to their helmets than the idea of the faces behind them. “Do you know the story of the nerfherder and the wolf-cats?” he asks, musing, thinking aloud as he does sometimes with them, not expecting any response. He’s surprised when he gets it. “We do.” Her helmet is broken, so it’s her voice, her real voice, unmodulated and unaltered, that he hears. He watches her for a long time, she says nothing further. She never looks away. He’d asked a question and she’s answered it, a question , not a command. Has she’s found some technicality in the defect Snoke’s imposed on her? Or is it something that gradually fades, something they heal? He doesn’t think he’ll ever know. The Rogue reminds him much of the wolf-cats, clever creatures, brazen and wild. He wonders just how much was taken from her, she has no name, no home, no history, and yet - she somehow knows this story. The Spy sits along her side, bracing them both and speaks, the modulator cracks and sputters. “In the valley of the great mountains of Alderaan there once lived a scruffy nerfherder who hated herding nerfs. Sitting on the hillside alone he became bored. To amuse himself with a loud voice he called out ‘the wolf-cats! The wolf-cats are coming to eat up all the nerfs!’” Kylo is glad his mask remains intact so that he doesn’t have to worry about hiding his expression. He is sure it is far too nostalgic. They tell the story a little differently than he remembers, but it’s similar enough to count. The Gunner and the Seer sit a little ways off and the Pilot is between them. The Gunner continues the tale in his slow, rich voice. “The villagers come running to help the nerfherder drive the creatures away. But when they arrived at the top of the hill, they found no wolf-cats at all. The foolish nerfherder laughed at the sight of their angry faces. The villagers warned him not to call for help when there was no danger.” “But from the forest the wolf-cats watched.” the Rogue says quietly, steadily. A single human tone in a sea of artificial ones. The Pilot speaks the next part, his hands twitching. “Later, the nerfherder again cried out that the wolf-cats were after the nerfs and once more the villagers came running to his aid. When they saw no danger, they scolded him again, saying not to call for help when there were no wolf-cats.” “But from the forest the wolf-cats watched.” the Rogue repeats the refrain. The Seer hums and takes up the mantle of storyteller. “The nerfherder only grinned in his fun. But the wolf-cats had been watching from the forest and they did not hide as they came upon the nerfs and their herder. The nerfherder saw them prowling about his flock. Frightened, he leapt to his feet and shouted as loud as he could, ‘Wolf-cats! Wolf-cats!’ But the villagers didn’t come.” The Rogue picks up the story again. “The wolf-cat grinned a grin with too many teeth, full of rage and empty spaces and the dark of a moonless night and said to the nerfherder, ‘No one believes a liar, even when he is telling the truth.’ And they ate the nerfherder and all his nerfs.” It’s the most he’s ever heard them speak before, but as the story comes to its conclusion, calmness settles around their campfire. Kylo finds it strangely peaceful, the Force hums pleasantly amongst them. The Droid is their solitary sentry, standing and sending out a retrieval signal to the First Order. “My mother used to tell it to me.” he says before the words can be stopped. He thinks the Rogue smiles at that and the Knight’s don’t feel like a wound scraped raw next to him, they feel of healing and peace. Snoke requests the presence of his Knights the moment they are back on base and they have no choice but to go. They return and its weeks until he hears them speak again and then it’s slowly, as if it causes them pain. Kylo learned long ago that when Snoke collects and returns them they are always more silent and broken than before. ** As his own lessons with Snoke continue to progress, Kylo starts to look at the Knights and wonder. Did he do this to you, too? Did he dig into you and scoop everything out until there was nothing left? Did the screams inside their heads echo from all the newly empty spaces? (Did the screaming ever stop?) He tries to recall the warm weight of his father’s hand on his shoulder, but there’s nothing there except darkness and resentment. Sometimes he doesn’t remember his mother’s face, just the blank holes of a skull and a mouth pulled tight with bitterness. When he’s alone, right before he falls asleep, he wonders how many things he doesn’t remember he’s forgotten. He wonders if one day he’ll just be another Knight like the others and someone younger and stronger in the Force will be given command over him. ** It’s after one particularly rough lesson Snoke has imparted upon him that his Knights find him. He’s in his private rooms without his helmet, struggling to breathe through the agony and can’t hear anything over the shrieking in his mind, torn and oozing. He feels their presence in the Force, near him, and when he’s come back to himself enough he registers that they’re actually there. More than that, they are speaking , something they hadn’t dared to do since they told stories in the rubble across a campfire of burning debris. None of them have their masks on and he closes his eyes shut tight the instant that he recognizes it. Kylo doesn’t know if he admires their bravery or hates it. (Hate leads to suffering) (they are so tired of suffering) Snoke will reach into his skull and scoop this moment out and then punish the Knights. Kylo keeps his eyes closed. He will not betray them. “We are one with the Force.” the Rogue says in a murmur. “And the Force is with us.” the others reply in the same tone. The Seer’s staff taps the ground softly, rhythmically. “We are one with the Force.” the Rogue says again. “And the Force is with us.” they reply. It’s not exactly soothing, the sensation that sweeps over him. It’s a bit like a military blanket, scratchy and unfamiliar, but it’s warm and heavy. Sometimes he forgets that the Knights are proficient Force users as well, trained by Snoke himself, even though they don’t all wield lightsabers. He understands now. This is how they survived Snoke’s treatment, this is the key. They were not alone. They filled up each other’s empty spaces. If they were not here with him, holding him steady with their presence, their voices, he would have been lost. “We are one with the Force.” the Rogue says again and this time when they reply, Kylo licks his cracked lips and repeats along with them. “And the Force is with us.” The next time he’s being taught by Snoke, his body still twitching from the aftershocks of Force Lightning, he hears it in the back of his mind, in the shadowy, empty places left behind that Snoke pays no attention to. “We are one with the Force.” “And the Force is with us.” he thinks. ** Kylo makes note of how long it takes the Knights to begin overcoming whatever Snoke has broken in them. He starts seeing the pattern, how many days it takes for them to be able to speak, how many it takes for them to be able to articulate responses. He times his questions very carefully. “Tell me where you are from.” he says to the Spy. The man takes a long time to answer and Kylo can sense the Spy’s frustration through the Force as he searches his own mind and finds nothing. There is no beginning for them, no end. “There was light, bright and searing.” the Spy says slowly, as if the words are being dragged through molasses, through broken teeth and bloodied tongue. “Then there was darkness. That is where I am from.” the Spy concludes. Kylo thinks about that for a long time. “Tell me where you learned to fire a blaster like that.” he asks of the Rogue. Her hand spasms around said blaster and the air suddenly becomes sharp with restrained violence. Kylo takes a generous step backwards. “I learned with the hands of a child.” she says, and the high whine of a rifle warming up echoes in his ears, the phantom weight of it against his palms. And he understands, he does. He remembers the thunder and rattle of cannon fire and being told to hide in the corner where the bed met the wall as soldiers ran past. He remembers his mother showing him how to hold the little blaster with pudgy hands, Luke’s quiet instruction on lightsaber forms when he barely reached his uncle’s waist. “Tell me where you learned of the Force.” he says to the Seer. The helmet tilts curiously at him and the Knight leans on his staff. His existence in the Force is liquid, sometimes the calm pool, other times a raging torrent. The Seer leans back, resting his helmet against the wall he’s settled himself along. Blood dribbles unseen from his nose down his chin. “The Force is everywhere, in everything. I learned of the Force in the dust and in the rain.” Kylo thinks sometimes that the Seer is cryptic for his own amusement and less as a workaround to whatever Snoke has done to them. “Tell me how you met the Seer.” Kylo doesn’t expect much of an answer, the Gunner is more silent and taciturn than the rest. Kylo knows these two Knights must have known each other before they came into Snoke’s clutches, if not all of them. But these two are especially close. If the Seer is the river, the Gunner is the rock it flows around. The Gunner is silent for a moment before humming. “All is as the Force wills it.” Kylo finds that answer rather unhelpful, he won’t come to fully understand the meaning of it for many, many years. “Tell me what your name is.” he says to the Pilot. The Knight’s body begins to shake and tremble, like he’s fighting off some mental enemy. Kylo begins to become alarmed as the reaction only worsens. “I’m the Pilot.” he gasps as if he’s been submerged under water and has only now broke the surface, lungs heaving, his inhales crackling through the helmet. “I’m the Pilot, please, no, I’m the Pilot .” he pleads, high and panicked. He claws at his throat and head, scrabbling against the hard duraplast. Kylo can’t get the man to stop shaking and has to call the other Knights to aid him. He is shoved away as they crowd in around the Pilot, gentle touches and reassuring words, their presence in the Force pushing in close and calming. The Spy is curled around the Pilot’s back, the Gunner and the Seer on either side, pressed as tight as they can manage in their full armor. It’s still hours before the Pilot is tranquil, only intermittent shivers disturbing his stillness. The Rogue walks over to Kylo and says nothing, but she’s bristling with threat. Her rage is wildfire, white hot, burning at the edges of his senses. She stands there, just long enough to make him uncomfortable, frightened , before returning to her compatriot. She’s made her point very clearly. Kylo doesn’t ask again. The Knights of Ren are his, this is truth - but they were each other’s first and Kylo learns in that moment that if he causes them pain - the Rogue will protect them from harm. Whatever the cost. The Droid approaches him, and he does not command an answer from it, it volunteers one. “I am programmed to record and submit reports to the Supreme Leader.” it says, its intonation as proper and latently disrespectful as always. It looks at Kylo for a long time, with unblinking, glowing eyes. “I understand.” Kylo says at last. With that it swivels and walks away. He understands now how Snoke always seems to be aware of when the Knights have begun to function outside his parameters, no matter the distance. He has no doubt that the Knights know that the Droid reports to Snoke, but he thinks on what Snoke first said to him, when he gave him the Knights. They came as a set. They would not be separated, and the Supreme Leader twisted that, took advantage of it. They must know of this, they must . Yet, they refuse to be separated. Kylo has come to understand that they are all enslaved to the Supreme Leader in one way or another. ** The Knights of Ren are not with him when the map fragment leading to Luke Skywalker is subsequently found on Jakku and then lost. Snoke has the Knights placed elsewhere. They’re being reconditioned after an incident . Kylo remembers the imperial officer trying to crowd against the Rogue to try to put his hands on her. He remembers in one graceful, brutal, motion the Spy slaughtered him and then proceeded to slaughter nearly everyone else. Kylo remains silent on the subject. It could have been just as easily him being taught a lesson as he had been only seconds from drawing his saber as well. The Knights of Ren are not with him when he digs into the rebel pilot’s mind and scoops out what he needs. He feels an echo of agony through their bond. He remembers being on the other side of this - screaming - Snoke tearing through his mind and taking what he wanted. Kylo’s head is ringing with screams. He can’t even tell whose they are anymore. The Knights of Ren are not with him so Hux feels safe enough to make snide comments and question his authority. Temper flares hot and furious through him. There is no place to put the screaming and the fury and the taste of blood in his mouth and he lashes out with the need to destroy something, anything . The Knights of Ren are not with him to experience the terror and exhilaration of Starkiller’s attack on the New Republic. The agony of billions of voices crying out at once is nearly as loud as the constant noise in his head. And the sudden silence that comes after is almost euphoric . The Force froths and twists and Kylo is subsumed by it, and then it quiets, like any screaming thing. The Knights of Ren are not with him when he retrieves the girl, both angered and fascinated by her. Without his Knights to act as an anchor, frustration builds up in him, molten and bubbling. He leaves the girl locked away. When he reaches for his Knights everything has gone dark and hushed like the deep unawareness of unconsciousness. Or death. He shakes his head, if they were dead he would know, he would have felt it. They are the Knights of Ren and they are his . The Knights of Ren are not with him when his saber spears out the back of his father, but he distantly feels something snap. He closes his eyes so he doesn’t have to see Han Solo’s body fall. There’s a scream in his head that sounds like the Rogue. For a moment it feels like his clothes are heavy with water and rain is dripping against his skin, in his eyes, and there is only blinding fear and grief and anguish , his father, his father crumpled at his feet - but no, that’s not right. And then the Spy’s voice is in his ear, frantic and strange. “We have to go, we have to go! ” Yes, he knows that. He looks up and around. Nothing is familiar, he’s standing on landing platform and everything is distorted by pounding rain. He can’t stay here, he has to go. But he - he doesn’t know...where he is. Something like fear prickles down his spine. Then the Force vision, or whatever it was, vanishes in burning pain, a bowcaster bolt slicing into his side and he is standing high on a catwalk where we was before and there is no rain. There is screaming, but for once it’s not in his head. The Knights of Ren are not with him when he faces off against the desert scavenger and the traitorous stormtrooper in the snow and the ice and the indignity of losing. The sharp pain across his face from his own bloodline’s blade and the groaning of the ground splitting apart. And the Knights of Ren are still not there when he wakes up in medical weeks later and that’s when he realizes something is very, very wrong. Snoke sneers down at him from his lofty hologram when Kylo is finally well enough to be granted an audience. His questions about his Knights go ignored, dismissed. They feel cut off from him in a way they never have before. Hux tells him that the Knights are Snoke’s to do with whatever he wishes, and Kylo knows that Hux believes this to be true. But Kylo knows truth. He knows that Snoke, in all his power and knowledge, could not gain mastery over them, not completely. He knows that they are the Knights of Ren and they are his. This is truth. So Kylo does something he never has before. He goes rogue. Notes: dun Dun DUN The Knights of Ren are bad examples when it comes to obedience, they've rubbed off on Kylo more than he realizes. See you next week, lovelies! -howlling Notes: Hope you guys enjoyed! Next chapter should be up around this time next week. Comments give me life