Prologue Rey is a girl in high school with social problems. She is only one of many who have the same issues. She has one friend, named Finn, who she has known since she was a child. Still, she has dreams like everyone else. Her dreams are to grace the stage in a Broadway musical. But to get there, she would have to audition and talk to people. She has a goal to audition for her high school's play, West Side Story. Ben is a boy in college, who has enjoyed solitude ever since he was young. His mother encouraged him to learn how to play the piano. Little did she know how her son would soar. He was brilliant and loved playing more than anything in the world. As he grew, however, his father pushed him to pursue a more secular career. Though he felt he abandoned his dreams, music was still alive inside him. The two probably would have never met if it wasn't for a fateful day of library detention. Two people who are not equipped to carry healthy conversations, find themselves at ease with one another. And with that ease, love can blossom. Important information about this story!! Leia and Luke are NOT related in this alternate universe!! I wrote the story with Rey having a different father, and I just didn't like it. I wanted to incorporate as many characters into this as possible. And having Luke as just an uncle wasn't good enough for me. So the two are not related in anyway for this fan-fiction. I've written a lot of chapters so far, and will be posting chapters EVERY Monday to the best of my ability! I'm super, super excited about this story! And I should say, it is inspired by La La Land, an incredible movie for everyone who loves old musicals!! Meanwhile here is the Prologue: You still look like a movie, you still sound like a song. ❦ Damn this dress is tight. It was the only thing running through Rey's mind as she escaped to the bathroom. When she was finally safe within the maroon walls, she took a deep breath. She walked towards the sink and looked into her own eyes staring back at her in the mirror. The maroon Versace dress laced down her arms and body. It was one of her favorite dresses but she could barely breathe in it. Her eyes looked tired, exhausted even. She was uncomfortable seeing her old classmates. She shouldn't be, it wasn't like she was close to any of them. She should be proud for them all to see how far she has come, how hard she has worked. She was surrounded by fake people every day. It was a part of her job. She was hoping that the antisocial eighteen year old girl was buried away, never to resurface again. She was a grown woman now, she wished she could for once act like nothing bothered her. She turned the cold water on and held her wrists beneath it. She closed her eyes and hoped it would calm her nerves. She calculated how long she had to stay at the party. She arrived an hour ago. Surely she could leave in another half hour. Thirty minutes. Then she could be home and safe in her pajamas. She would put on an old movie and curl up on her couch. The sound of a piano flooded beneath the bathroom door. Finn hired a pianist for the night, he must have returned from his break. She shut the water off and dried her hands on the expensive cloths beside her. As she dried her hands, she realized that the music was something different that what had been playing before. It was familiar. Her entire body ran cold as she realized the song wasn't just familiar. She knew the notes, memorized it and played it in her head for years. She thought of hiding in the bathroom, but she could never forgive herself if she didn't look. Without thinking, she exited the bathroom and walked into the large ballroom. Her eyes found the piano, which was situation exactly in the middle of the large hall. She stopped dead in her tracks, invisible hands wrapping around her neck. He was late. She wished she wasn't so shaken from hearing those familiar notes. Her stomach was twisting and turning with anxiety. For a moment, she thought she might throw up the three glasses of wine she drank. Of course he would play it, the temptation was too great for him. In a flash, her mind traveled to two kids going to the drive-in. Millions of memories flooded her, making her legs turn to mud. In that moment, she was Ilsa Lund and he was Rick Blaine from Casablanca. Except he was the one walking into Rey's jin joint. He was the one playing a song that only hurt and broke them both. She couldn't understand why he was even at the party. He didn't go to high school with her. When she met him, he was in his first year of college. Did Finn invite him? If so, why would he come? As if he heard her thoughts, he looked up from the keys and directly in her eyes. It hurt. It hurt so much, for a second Rey feared she might faint. As dramatic as the expression is, she felt like an earthquake was erupting inside her. His hands danced on the keys, with experience and passion. She knew that would never change. His hair was longer than when they were kids. Half of it was tied back, the color still as black as a raven. His strong nose and full lips were all the same. He had taken off his suit jacket, which laid beside him on the bench he was sitting on, and only had on a white dress shirt. The sleeves were rolled to his elbows like he always did when he played. She could only see him as he was so many years ago. Her eyes stung and she fought the tears with every fiber of her being. Half of her just wanted to leave. But what would that accomplish? He already had his dark eyes on her, trapping her like they always did. She was a woman now, not the same girl she was before. So her feet remained planted to the floor, and she stood as tall as she could. Still, like so many years ago, she never wanted the song to end. She wanted him to play forever and forget time existed. The song continued and every note tugged at her heart strings. She used to listen to him play for hours. They talked about their passions, about their futures together. It was like a movie, the two of them. Just like a song. It took her back to when they were young. When life was full of hope and love. A part of her was still holding on to him, even after all the time that passed. She still cared, of course she did. Does he? ❦ Okay! That was the prologue! I was too impatient to post this Monday. So I'll post this and then post the first chapter Monday! I am beyond excited about this story and I hope you all enjoy it as much as I enjoyed writing it. Expect the first chapter Monday! p.s. I am also posting this on Fanfiction.net My user name is kylorxn :) Chapter 2 : Detention Notes: (I was too impatient to wait until Monday. Next chapter will be posted next Monday!)(Unless I get impatient again) (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) " When I saw you I fell in love, and you smiled because you knew ." -William Shakespeare 8 years ago "I felt, I knew something never before was going to happen, had to happen. But... this is so much more." Finn whispered, looking intently into Rey's eyes. She looked down at her hands, "My hands are cold." He took them in his own hands, holding them tight. Rey smiled, "Yours too." He moved her delicate fingers to his smooth face, never looking away from her eyes. Her eyes softened, her fingers grazing his lip, "So warm." She then touched his hands and brought them to her own face, to show him that her face was warm too. Flushed with their close proximity. He looked down at her lips briefly, "So beautiful." Rey chuckled softly, "Beautiful." Suddenly Rey pulled away with a big smile. She held out her hands, "What did you think?" Finn's smile was filled with pride. He stood and put his hands on his hips, "It's brilliant." "Really?" she asked. He nodded, "Of course it is! You're going to get that part. And if you don't, I mean, it's only a school play. It's not like any of these people are professional like you." "I know, I know. I still want to give it my all," she twirled, "West Side Story will be the start, I just know it." He chuckled, "I can't wait to see you on Broadway." "And that you will!" She exclaimed, pretending to tap dance. Her phone ringing is what brought her back to reality. She grabbed it and shut off her alarm. Cursing, she ran towards the door. "I'm late! Sorry! Thank you for helping me! I'll see you tonight!" she yelled as she ran out of the auditorium doors. Mr. Rory was not going to take it this time. She could only imagine what he was going to say to her. She would probably get a detention. Her sneakers skidded across the floor but she finally made it. She swung her homeroom door open and the entire class looked over at her. Her face grew hot and she could only imagine what a deep shade of red she was. Walking in late was her worst nightmare because people noticed her and that attention was very unwelcome. Mr. Rory peeked from behind his thick glasses and released a deeply irritated sigh. "Sorry, Mr. Rory, I missed my bus," she lied, trying to regain her breath. "This is the third time this week," he grumbled, "Detention today." The class let out an 'Oohhh' noise and Rey sat at her desk in defeat, waiting for Mr. Rory to give her the yellow slip. When he did, he narrowed his eyes at her, "If this happens again, there is going to be trouble." She didn't answer. She just took the slip and swallowed her pride. When the bell rang, she practically ran out of the classroom. Her next class was PE which no one was ever excited about, but she would jump off a cliff to get out of Mr. Rory's class. There wasn't really a popular crowd in her school, like there usually is on TV. There are kids she hears more about but no Pink Ladies and T Birds. No one ever really paid her too much attention, much to her satisfaction. She was not one to socialize. Her father sent her to therapists and doctors, and they called it 'social anxiety'. It made sense. Whenever Rey was forced to talk to people, she always tried to cut conversations short. Strangers had a way of making her feel like they were choking her with polite conversation. Finn was her only friend, and that's mostly because they grew up together. He lived a couple houses down from her and they were in the same kindergarten class. It was the only reason he understood why she was the way she was. What he didn't understand, is why an introvert with social anxiety wanted to be a Broadway star. Rey knew she had problems, but she loved music ever since she was a child. It was her escape. Her second favorite thing was musicals. Her parents took her to see 'Phantom of the Opera' when she was ten. It was real-life magic, how they could sing to one another and make people feel the way they felt. Ever since then, her entire life became a musical. She lived, breathed and ate musical scores. She would write her own ones, perform the ones she knew by heart. The most magical part was that when she was singing and performing, she didn't feel awkward anymore. She actually felt confident. After high school, half of her wants to move to New York City and try to start her career. The other half of her is terrified of even the thought of living in a city with so many people. She had a year to think it all through. Her big challenge was the high school play. Seniors always got first auditions. She was too chicken to audition last year, so this year was her last chance. °°° When detention rolled around for Rey, she dragged her feet into Mr. Rory's classroom. He was sitting at the desk but looking at his phone. "At your service, sir," she curtsied. When the teacher finally looked up at her, he seemed a bit nervous, "Something has come up. You will serve your detention in the library. Mrs. Solo will be watching you. And if you give her way trouble, I will know." Rey hid her excitement well. She rolled her eyes in fake frustration, nodded and left the classroom. The library was one of her favorite place in the school. Mostly because kids avoided it like the plague and also because anything that helped her escape reality was something that fascinated Rey. So naturally, she loved reading. When she walked into the library, Mrs. Solo was reading a magazine. Instead of the celebrity trash she was reading a magazine that had the words 'WORLD WAR II HISTORY RETOLD'. She was an older woman, who always had her hair pulled back in braids. Rey had always liked her and thought she was pretty cool. When Rey stepped in front of her, Mrs. Solo looked up at her. "Catching up on your reading?" the elder woman asked, smiling fondly. Rey handed her the yellow slip, "Just serving my time." Mrs. Solo chuckled, and with one hand motioned to the tabled, "I'm sure you're very frightened of your sentence." Rey smiled and with a curtsy, she made her way towards the tables. She picked one in the corner and put her bag down. There was only a few in the library. It was a couple regulars, kids who studied for tests and others who ate their lunch in a corner. She walked toward the fiction aisle and took a deep breath. She took in the smells and the feeling one gets before walking down a book aisle. She took her time, looking at each book with great curiosity. She opened one book and the smell of its dusty pages was like magic to her. She turned to walk down another aisle but saw a man sitting on the floor. His long legs were sprawled out, his eyes completely focused on his book. He had raven black hair covered the tips of his ears. He had a strong nose and plump, pink lips. But that wasn't what fascinated Rey. It was the look in the boy's eyes. He was so enthralled with the world inside that book, he didn't notice her we all. She knew what he felt like, and never saw someone in such a state. Surely the world around him didn't exist at all. She couldn't really see what he was reading from where she was. On the floor was a book called, 'The Great Pianist'. Her eyes still looked at the man's expression. He didn't even realize she was staring; he was so enthralled with his book. She bit her lip, wanting to take a picture of him. Surely he wouldn't notice. It would be such a grand picture, very poetic. She took her phone out turned on her camera. Foolishly, she forgot to turn her sound off and her phone shuttered when she took the picture. The boy looked up immediately, dark brown eyes burning into hers. She was so embarrassed; she wanted to die right then and there. Surely someone breaking every bone in her body would be a walk in the park compared to the way the handsome man looked at her. She gulped and tried to pull herself together, "Sorry. I hope you don't mind. You... you're expression was lovely." His eyebrows furrowed a bit, "Oh. I see." His voice was deep. And he seemed to grow awkward and uncomfortable with each interaction. The fact that he seemed more uneasy than she did, shocked her. She was always the one to run away scared. She took advantage of her unusual bravery. "I'm Rey." "Ben." He stared at her. Something was very different about the boy in front of her. As he stated, he seemed to be searching for something. Understanding? A good way to tell her to fuck off? "What are you reading?" she asked, fighting through the choking feeling she usually felt when talking to strangers. Her curiosity was making it a little easier. He held the book out to her. She grabbed it and looked at the cover. She smirked, "'The Devil's Elixirs'? A Gothic novel, I wouldn't have guessed that." "Really?" he asked, taking the book back from her. "It makes me sound like a jerk, but I expected a Star Wars book." He then lifted a book hidden beside him. It was indeed, a Star Wars book. Rey laughed, "Fantastic." She then realized she was actually talking to someone who wasn't Finn. The choking feeling returned with a vengeance so she had to stop the conversation, though she didn't want to. "I'll let you get back to your reading. Or if you want company, I'm at the table in the back." He nodded. Rey walked away, feeling accomplished for talking to such an interesting person. It was so unlike her that she thought maybe getting ready for West Side Story was helping her social problems. She wandered down the aisle and found a couple interesting titles. She grabbed one she's read many times, 'Pride Prejudice'. Then she grabbed a couple cool looking sci-fi books. She loved the protagonist in Jane Austen's novel because she was sure she'd be like Elizabeth in that century. She sat at her table and peeked through some of the new ones. She found herself looking from the black and white often, thinking that Ben would sit across from her. She didn't expect him too, he seemed to not like talking with her. She didn't know what she would say if he even did. She'd probably choke on her own spit or something. She decided the start reading 'Pride Prejudice' so she could focus on something familiar. She got past Elizabeth's infuriating mother talking about marrying her girls off when her eyes looked across the table. Midnight colored hair struck her, almost making her smile. He was looking down at his book, sitting awkwardly across from her. What an odd person. But what was she talking about? She was odd too. Maybe that's why it was easy to be forward with him. He seemed just as uncomfortable as she did. He seemed to hear her thoughts. Dark brown eyes looked into her equally dark ones. His gaze fell down to her book and looked back at her curiously. She blushed, "I'm a sucker for Jane Austen." His lips pulled into a half smile, "I expected something else." "Really?" She raised her eyebrows with curiosity, "What did you expect?" He cleared his throat, "I don't know I guess, I... or I don't know, something like Ulysses or Finnegan's Wake or some other James Joyce shit that only certain people understand." She was flattered and didn't feel like she was choking yet, "I have read Finnegan's Wake. And I have no idea what it is about." He chuckled, dark and deep, "Well... um, why Pride and Prejudice?" Rey took a deep breath and looked down at her book, "I guess it's because... well Jane Austen speaks like a strong willed person in a time when women had little to no rights. It reflects in her characters. Elizabeth has no interest in marriage and tries to avoid it. In that time, though, that was all a woman had. I think she would have been perfectly content an old maid. If she was going to marry, she was going to do it for love. I just... I dont know, I really admire her." He was looking at Rey intently as she spoke about a book she so adored. When Rey noticed, she blushed slightly. She could still breathe, even with all the attention from him but it did make her heart beat rapidly. "Sorry," she let out a nervous laugh, "I didn't mean to ramble." "No," He replied, still examining her closely, "its... refreshing." "What is your favorite book?" He looked down at his book, thinking, "It's a difficult question to answer." She watched him, his body language appearing to apologize for something she didn't understand. His length? He was pretty tall and looked a little uncomfortable in the small library chair. It was like he wore his body like clothes that were too big and he was trying to make up for it by making himself appear smaller and not so large. His inability to answer made her think he had never been asked such a personal question. "I guess, if I had to choose, it would be Frankenstein by-" "Mary Shelley," Rey finished, smiling. She knew the story well, "I've read that a couple times. Why is it your favorite?" He answered with his eyes firmly on the library's wooden table, "I guess, because Shelley shows that maybe with some technological advances, a man losses his freedom and becomes a slave to them. Victor lost himself when he became so obsessed with bringing the dead back to life. And because of that, science took away his humanity. The author showed that there are things men are not meant to discover." Rey watched at the awkward kid stuttered his way into a confident one. The more he spoke, the more comfortable he looked. When he finished his statement, he quickly coiled back into his discomfort. She understood it was because of the attention he drew to himself, "That was beautiful. Thank you." He looked at her, confused. She shrugged her shoulders, "I really enjoy when people talk about their passions, or their interests. It shows a bit of their soul, I guess. You're pretty smart, huh?" His face and ears turned red. He shrugged his thanks and quickly went back to his book. Rey was satisfied with their talk. She couldn't remember having such an enriching conversation. And the fact that she finished such an enriching conversation without wanting to die made her think Ben was special. She wanted to be his friend. She hadn't felt such a strong feeling in a long time. She didn't think for a moment that maybe he wasn't interested in being friends. Perhaps he'd be content never speaking to her again. But she never met someone she was comfortable speaking to. She thought she would be stupid to let the opportunity go. "Do you want to be friends?" she asked, making herself blush. She wished she worded it better, perhaps in a more laid-back way. He looked up from his book, eyes wide and cheeks red again. He was utterly shocked. "I don't mean to be so tactless and strange but-" "No," he blurted out. His cheeks grew a deeper red. His outburst embarrassed him but delighted her, "Um, I mean... I don't mind. If you want to, um, I guess." She smiled, "Really? That's great." He went back to reading his book as if his life depended on it. She caught secret glances at him and after a while, he once again disappeared from the real world. His eyes moved quickly, his breathing became rhythmic and even. He wasn't uncomfortable in his own body anymore, because he was no longer himself, but the character in his book. She looked at the book about a Pianist on the table in front of him. She was about to ask him about it when her phone buzzed in her pocket. She took it out and saw that it was a message from Finn. Idiot! What r u doing? I've been waiting for 25 minutes! Let's gooooooooo! She couldn't believe her detention was over already. To Rey, they had only been sitting there for minutes. She picked up her bags and stood, Ben remaining in his exact same position. He didn't even notice she was standing. She smiled and didn't want to disturb him. So she opened her bag and took out a notebook. With a pen, she quickly wrote down a note and left the notebook there. She was nervous that ripping out the page would break the beauty of what she was doing. It was very poetic, she thought. She snuck out of the library, Mrs. Solo saluting her on her way out. She couldn't stop smiling. She thanked the universe for helping her make another friend, something that was difficult for her. She took it as a sign. It meant she would get the part in West Side Story and finally grow into a person she wanted to be. Notes: This chapter was very long. Most will not be so lengthy. Also, I myself am an introvert, but don't have such severe social anxieties as our dear Rey. I want to make sure I am writing that correctly. So if I offended someone or should change something, PLEASE tell me. Chapter 3 : Ben Solo " Shouldn't everybody care about everybody else? " " Boy, what a fruitcake you are. " -Edie & Terry, On The Waterfront Finn parked his car in his driveway, but the two walked over to Rey's house together. She was telling him all about Ben, the mysterious man she met in the library. Finn told her how proud he was of her for actually talking to someone. "I think it's all a big sign," she said eagerly, "it means I'm going to get the part." "How does that mean you are getting the part?" he asked while opening her front door. The two walked inside like they had done for years, like it was their own little house and they were all they ever needed. "When do I ever meet someone that I can talk to for more than five minutes? I mean, it was like I was talking to you!" Finn laughed. "Well I'm glad you found another friend. Shall I make you some cookies?" She rolled her eyes, throwing her bag on the living room couch, "There is no need for sarcasm." He continued to laugh as he walked into the kitchen. She heard the usual microwave buttons as he started cooking the popcorn. She opened the TV stand and looked at all her movies. "What are we watching?" Finn asked from the kitchen. "Um," Rey answered back, "maybe 'Funny Girl'? "We watched that like, three days ago." "But it's so good," Rey whined. "Okay, what about ' On The Waterfront '? It's a manly, non-musical kind of movie." "Who is in that?" he asked, walking into the living room with the popcorn. "Marlon Brando," Rey answered, looking almost insulted. "You know who he is." Finn thought for a moment, tapping his finger on his chin. "Was he in ' Funny Girl '?" Rey took a deep breath, trying not to yell. She stood and went straight into the bathroom. Finn called out to her, asking what was her problem was. She grabbed two cotton balls and walked back into the living room. She stuck them in her mouth, under her bottom lip. Then she put her hands out and mocked, 'Vito Corleone'. "I'm gunna give him an offer he can't refuse," she said in a husky voice. Finn laughed at her, snapping his fingers as if that would help him remember. "Yeah, okay. That's familiar. Hang on." "The Godfather!" She yelled. The front door swung open and drowning out Rey yelling. Her father, Luke, walked inside the house. He closed the front door and smiled at the two kids in his living room. He was a patient, middle-aged man with long gray hair. Of course, he had to have some kind of patience to understand Rey's problems. His beard was never shaven and Rey never asked him to shave it. She thought it suited him. "Hey, dad. How was work?" Rey asked, cotton balls still in her mouth. "It was good. Also, I need you to kill my daughters rapist." He clasped his hands together tightly. Rey pointed at her father while glaring at Finn. Then she smiled and replied in a husky voice, "You come to me on my daughter's wedding day, asking me to commit murder. What have I done to deserve such disrespect?" Luke laughed while looking at his daughter with pride. "That's brilliant." Rey bowed. "Thank you, thank you." "Well I know what you're talking about now. So let's watch whatever you want to watch," Finn retorted while rolling his eyes. After much harassment, Rey finally put in the movie. They both sat on the couch, sharing popcorn. Finn had to repeatedly yell at Rey for talking throughout the movie. She had to tell him all the inside things that happened during the movie. How Marlon picked up the glove and put it on spontaneously, and it began a famous scene. She told him all about the 'I could have been a Contender!' scene and why it was so special. Finn was used to this, Rey talking through the movies, because she did it during almost every movie they watched. Even ones that she has never seen. He figured it was because she didn't talk to anyone all day. So when she doesn't have to fight to socialize, she couldn't stop from expressing herself. He knew she would be a social butterfly if circumstances were different. It was something, however, she would have to work through if she was going to grace any kind of stage. They were reaching the end of the movie when Rey's phone buzzed. She was confused, as how the only person who texted her was sitting right next to her. Then she remembered Ben, the library man. She practically flew from her seat and grabbed her phone. It was a text from an unknown number. They're screening Casablanca at the drive-in tomorrow. Want to go? She held back a smile, mostly because Finn was already staring at her like she was crazy. She knew she would hear from him but didn't think it would be so soon. Casablanca was one of her favorite movies. She knew about the drive-in playing it, of course. She was going to ask Finn. Something struck her that made her almost choke. Was this a date ? Did he think she wanted to date him? Or was this two friends going to the drive-in? Finn and her do it all the time. Surely it wasn't a date. Sure . She couldn't believe that's all she sent. She couldn't decide between adding a smiley face or if that would imply that she wanted this to be a date. Okay. I'll meet you there at 8. He wasn't picking her up, which relieved her. It wasn't a date. This was two awkward friends going to watch an incredible movie. She had to tell herself that three more times so she could concentrate on the movie. She couldn't stop the strange feeling in her stomach, though. It was like she was either going to scream from happiness or throw up. She looked for Ben during school all day long. It was as if he was not real. She was seriously considering that she made up the entire thing. It wouldn't be a surprise. Obviously, Rey is not normal. Would it be so strange that she's lost it and created Ben in her mind? She's always had an active imagination. It would be a good for a movie but it was very unnerving in real life. After school she decided she would look in the library. She met him there only the previous day, she thought maybe he would return. Mrs. Solo was there, reading another magazine. This one was called, 'ATOMIC BOMBS IN 1989. A CRISIS!'. "Hello Mrs. Solo," Rey greeted her with a smile. She looked up from her magazine and smiled back warmly. "There she is. Another detention?" "No, not this time," Rey chuckled. "I'm actually looking for someone." "Really? You?" she asked in disbelief. "That doesn't seem like you." "I know, but here I am." "Who is it? I could probably help you." "I don't know his last name, but his first name is Ben. He's really tall and has black hair, a little long." Mrs. Solo's eyes seemed to glimmer with amusement. The corners of her lips twitched with a smile, but she repressed it. "Really? What did his face look like?" Rey blushed a little, looking at her feet. "Well he was um, very handsome. He had dark eyes and a prominent nose." Mrs. Solo couldn't help but laugh. "Yes, now that you mention it, I do know who he is." "Who? What's so funny?" Rey asked, confused. "His name is Ben Solo." It took only seconds for Rey to connect the dots. Her face heated and she could only imagine how red she became. She immediately wanted to run away and hide in the fiction aisle. "Your... son?" She nodded. "He goes to school here?" "No," she answered, "He's in his first year of college. My car was in the shop. He was waiting for me to clock out so he could give me a ride home." "Oh my god," Rey breathed in disbelief. It was the only thing she could think to say. Someone pulling out every eyelash on her eyes would be a walk in the park compared to this humiliation. "He talked to you?" she asked, then realized how that sounded, "Not that there is anything wrong with talking to you, of course. He is just such a loner. All he cares about is his music." Music? She could only think of the Pianist book Ben was looking at. Did he play the piano? "He did seem in a good mood when we left," she noted, laughing again. "Okay, this was great. It was great seeing you. Enjoy your magazine." Rey turned to run away. "Rey!" Mrs. Solo called, "Don't run away, come back here!" Rey didn't listen. She just ran as fast as she could out of the library. She could barely breath. That situation was precisely why she didn't talk to people. When given the chance to open her mouth, all she did was make an ass of herself. She decided to walk home so she could just be alone. As she made her way through the suburban neighborhood her school resided in, she tried to focus on the positive. Despite it all, she did found out some information about Ben. He was a musician, or loved music of some kind. They had more in common than she thought. She loved music too. She found herself thinking of the questions she would ask Ben that very night. She wanted to know more about him and thought if she rehearsed it all, it would relax her. She went through how she would ask about his music, if he responded harshly, how she would reply. It was something she had done ever since she was a child. She would never be able to go in the library again. That much was certain. Not after the way she ran away from Mrs. Solo like the sweet older woman was going to murder her. She was so mortified she didn't even want to tell Finn. It took her a good twenty minutes to get home but she was thankful for the time to clear her head. She knew Finn would want to come over, but she was too tired. Mrs. Solo had exhausted her. So she went upstairs, climbed in her bed and texted Finn. Sorry, I'm too tired for a movie tonight. Finn replied quickly, understanding as usual. OK. Wana tlk about it? Rey sighed and couldn't even replied. She buried herself further in her covers and closed her eyes. It felt so good to be alone. Alone and warm. She wished she could stay like that forever. She looked at her necklace, the pendant was a watch. She opened it and took a deep breath. It was 7:45. It would take her exactly ten minutes to reach the drive-in. Was it stupid to get there five minutes early? She stood next to the door, contemplating her future options. "Are you okay?" her father asked, peeking from the kitchen. She turned around, his voice breaking her from the trance she was in. "Yes, sorry. I'm debating with myself." "Is this about the 'friend' you're going to the drive-in with?" His sarcasm when he said the word 'friend' was not amusing to Rey. "He is just a friend. You should be proud that I was able to make one." "Yes, yes. I am very proud of you. I always am. You should go, it will take you exactly ten minutes to get to the drive-in. It's okay to arrive on time." It was like he could read her mine. She rolled her eyes with a smile. "Okay, okay. I'm leaving. I'll be home in a couple of hours." "For goodness sake, take your time." She closed the door and jogged to her father's beat up Ford truck. It was a rust bucket but she loved the sound of it. She pulled out of her driveway and sped in the direction of the drive-in. She was deliberately trying not to think about the awkwardness in her future. However, trying not to think about it was making her think about it. Thankfully, she reached the drive-in before she could turned around and run for home. She expected to be the first one to arrive between the two, but saw a tall figure standing near the ticket booth. She then realized she would probably have to get in his car, or he would get in her truck? Should she park? Or drive up to him? In a panic, she stopped the truck in the middle of the parking lot. When doing so, the car behind her laid on the horn, making her jump out of her seat. The figure turned toward her, and quickly ran in her direction. How could she escape? She could try to loop around the parking lot and make a run for it. "Rey?" His deep voice yelled over the horn. Rey gulped, lowered the window and smiled nervously. "Hello, there." The horn behind her kept beeping. "Hey! Move your fucking truck!" Okay, shorter chapter! But this is about the length I want each chapter. I am having so much fun writing this and hope you are having fun reading it. Also, 'On The Waterfront', it's a pretty good movie. Marlon Brando was a shit person in real life, but an incredible actor. Go watch it, for Rey's sake. She might have a heart attack. Comments and feedback are always appreciated! -O Chapter 4 : Drive-In "Here's looking at you, kid." -Humphrey Bogart The horn behind her kept beeping. "Hey! Move your fucking truck!" Ben looked from Rey's eyes to the car behind her, eyes filled with irritation. "How about you wait a goddamn minute?" Rey was shocked to hear Ben yell, but couldn't dwell on it with the man continuously beeping. "Do you want to get in my truck or your car?" Rey quickly asked. "That way I know if I have to park or not." The dick behind Rey didn't stop beeping for a second. Ben locked eyes with Rey while he spoke, sticking his finger finger to the guy with his free hand. "You can park, I have my car parked near the entrance." She was extremely surprised that this was the same man she saw in the library. She wondered if she made a mistake. What if he was a psychopath with thirteen different personalities? She didn't have much time to ponder on it. She just wanted the beeping to stop, so she pulled her truck further down the parking lot in search of a spot. When she found one, she pulled in and shut her engine off. She sat back in her seat and closed her eyes, breathing evenly. She was already exhausted and wanted to hide in her bed. In the distance, she heard Ben yelling to the guy who honked her. She couldn't help but laugh. She was a magnet for awkward situations. Still, she was determined to continue. So she climbed out of her truck and walked towards the entrance. Ben was waiting by his car and when he saw her, he stood straight. She did her best to smile through her discomfort as he opened the passenger door. "Hey," he said as he ran hid fingers through his hair, shifting weight from one foot to the other. Even in the darkened parking lot, she could see the red in his cheeks. He was still worked up over the guy who beeped at her. Rey couldn't deny that he was incredibly handsome in that moment. She never had a guy yell at someone for her before. Rey cleared her throat, "Hey." Without another word, she ducked in his car and he shut the door behind her. The first thing that she noticed was the smell of his cologne. The interior was black, just like the outside. It was a Mazda, sleek and modern. She could tell he took pride in it because everything was very clean and organized. He opened the driver's door and climbed in. He was too tall for his car, but it seemed like something he was used to. His knees almost touched the steering wheel even though Rey could tell the seat was all the way back. Rey opened her purse and tried to find her wallet. "Here, let me split the ticket with you." "No, don't be silly." He answered, turning the car on. She gulped. He was paying? That's what a gentleman does on a date. What has she gotten herself into? "Sorry about earlier," Ben said softly as they drove inside the drive-in. There was not many cars there so he was able to get a good spot. "I didn't mean to yell at that guy." She looked at him curiously. "It's okay. That guy was a jerk." He cleared his throat. "Yeah... well um, so have you seen this movie before?" "Hasn't everyone?" He smiled, making it a point not to look at her. Rey saw a small blush still on his cheeks and figured he was still slightly embarrassed from yelling earlier. "Did you know Humphrey Bogart had to wear platform shoes to look taller than Ingrid." "Yes but did you know that the famous line, ' Here's lookin' at you, kid ' was improvised by Humphrey?" This time he looked at her, chuckling lightly. "No I didn't know that." She felt her face heat when he looked at her. It was different from the first time. This time they were in his dark car and the heat was on and he was staring at her. His dark eyes were so intense, even when filled with humor. He turned the radio station on as the previews started. As the opening credits started, Rey did her best to pay attention. It was difficult. The air in the car was filled with tension. It was the kind of atmosphere Rey had never experienced before. She was nervous yes, but she felt an even deeper emotion she couldn't understand. She wondered desperately what Ben was thinking about. He seemed calm, sitting very still. His eyes were glued to the screen and didn't seem to notice her staring. Even in the silence and even though he was still, she could sense his mind constantly brooding with thoughts. She realized she liked looking at him. She liked wondering what he was thinking, like it was a game. It was in that moment that he caught her staring at him. She couldn't look away and pretend she wasn't looking because it was already too late. He was looking into her eyes like his life depended on it. "What are you thinking about?" It was the only thing she could think to ask. Her cheeks still heated from her embarrassment, but did her best to ignore it. "I have your notebook." he answered. She couldn't help but laugh. "Of all things, that's what you're thinking of?" He nodded as if it wasn't weird at all. "Yeah, make sure you don't forget it." "Okay," she answered, doing her best to pay attention to the movie. " It's funny about your voice, how it hasn't changed. I can still hear it. ' Richard, dear, I'll go with you anyplace. We'll get on a train together and never stop ' ." Humphrey Bogart said, drink in his hand. " Don't, Rick! I can understand how you feel ." Ingrid responded. " You understand how I feel. How long was it we had, honey? " he scoffed. On the verge of tears, Ingrid says, " I didn't count to days ." Rey mouthed every word. " Well, I did. Every on of 'em. Mostly I remember the last one. The wow finish. A guy standing on a station platform in the rain with a comical look in his face because his insides have been kicked out ." Rey loved this scene. She loved almost every scene, but any with Humphrey and Ingrid was magical. Even when they were arguing or he was saying hurtful things, Rey ate it all up like she hadn't eaten in her entire life. She admired the devotion even though both had been hurt. The devotion was still there, hidden behind every single word. "When I first saw this movie, I hated it," Ben said in the darkness of his car. Rey looked over at him. "Really?" He nodded and returned her stare. "I could never get over the ending." "But that's what makes the story so beautiful," she whispered, "tragic endings are what makes a movie stay with you for such a long time." "Yeah, but it wasn't fair," Ben shrugged. "You're right, it wasn't," she agreed, "but life rarely is fair." He smirked at her. "So you really like old movies, then? Especially ones with tragic endings?" "Yes," she chuckled, "I have a weakness for them. Especially musicals." "Musicals? Really?" Her eyes widened. "Don't tell me you hate musicals." "I don't really get them." She gasped. "Sorry, but how can I take a scene seriously when they start singing?" "Music speaks to the soul, do you agree?" "Absolutely." "So, when a scene is too passionate, when there is too much to be said that cannot be expressed with words, people sing. Sometimes there are no words that can replace the melody of a song," she answered proudly. He could only smile in return. "Take Phantom of the Opera-" "Another tragic ending," he shook his head. "Yes, very tragic indeed. But think about when the Phantom sings 'Music of the Night', it makes what he is saying infinity more romantic. Imagine him just speaking the words, 'Turn yourself away from the garish light of day'. It would never mean the same!" "You make a compelling argument." "Well the next time we watch a movie, it is going to be a musical," she noted strongly. She found herself blushing again. Mostly, because she voiced her desire for their 'date' to happen again. Also, because she had gotten lost in her passions and wasn't feeling tired like she usually did when talking to people. She actually felt refreshed and excited. She really enjoyed his company. " I can't fight it anymore ," Ingrid gasped, " I ran away from you once. I can't do it again. Oh, I don't know what's right any longer. You have to think for both of us. For all of us. " Humphrey held her tightly in his arms, " All right, I will... Here's looking at you, kid ." Ingrid looks into his eyes, smiling, " I wish I didn't love you so much ." Rey was completely swept away by the scene and the romance was intoxicating. She was so far gone, she didn't realize that Ben moved his hand dangerously close to her thigh. When the scene changed she looked over at him, and though his eyes were focused on the screen, it was obvious that he put his hand close to her intentionally. As usual, she couldn't stop her mind from spinning with questions and reasons as to why he put his hand so close to her. Her hand tingled, though it was firmly in her lap. What exactly was going on here? It was never this tense when she was with Finn. Finn has touched her before, even held her hand, but it never made her skin feel as hot as hers did in that moment. Instead of thinking of hypothetical situations that probably wouldn't happen, she tried to focus on what she wanted. What did she feel? She put her hand on her thigh, inches from his hand. She should have known that this was going to happen. It was Casablanca after all. Who wouldn't feel romantic while watching such a fantastically romantic movie? When the side of his hand touched her skin, she almost jumped. Her heart was thudding so loudly in her ears, she couldn't hear the movie's dialogue. She wouldn't dare look at him but she felt his eyes on her. It was innocent, wasn't it? A friend touching another friend's hand? She wanted to slap herself for even the thought. Of course it wasn't a friend touching another friend's hand. This was a man who wanted to touch Rey's hand in an incredible romantic way. She turned her hand over so her palm was facing upward. His fingers trailed over his skin and she loved the way it felt, so much so that it scared her. Finally, their fingers intertwined. Rey's head was swimming, the entire ordeal sending her over the edge. His hand was warm and so much larger than her own. She had never held a boy's hand so intimately before. The very idea of doing anything intimately with a boy scared the shit out of her. She tried to ignore the fact that she was holding some handsome stranger's hand. It was next to impossible. Humphrey Bogart held Ingrid Bergman and uttered the famous line, "We'll always have Paris." Rey was so hot she was worried she would faint. She looked out the window even though she felt Ben's dark eyes on her. She tried to be strong and not look at him. She was afraid of what she might do if she did. "I get what you mean," Ben whispered, "about tragic endings." Rey smiled and looked at the screen, anything but his eyes. "Do you?" "Something about them loving each other, even though they're apart... it's very poetic." She couldn't help herself. She looked at him, impressed with how close his thinking was to her own. She didn't even remember they were holding hands. It was like they melded into one hand, as if she was used to being connected to him all the time. "It's funny..." he whispered, his lips drawing ever closer to hers, "I've seen this movie about a million times, but I've never talked to anyone about it. I've never wanted to talk to someone about it..." She understood what he meant because she felt the same exact way. "I've never... there was never anyone I could..." "Me neither," she smiled, looking down at his lips. They were plump and pink, and so close to her own. She always wanted to escape reality through movies, music and books. She never thought a person would take her away. But he was taking her away. She wasn't in his car anymore but in a sunny meadow, surrounded by lilac bushes. She didn't even care that his lips were inching towards her. She wanted them too, hungry for something new and exciting. He smiled, inches from her lips, "Here's looking at you, kid." What a poetic story, how incredibly romantic. It was the kind of story Rey dreamed of. It the scene she would love to play on a stage. But the credits rolled and the lights surrounding the drive-in flickered on. The movie was over and her sense of reality came crashing into her. She wasn't in a sunny meadow, but inside of Ben's black Mazda. She jumped back, breathing one word. "Sorry." He jumped too, releasing her hand. He cleared his throat as if he too, was under a spell. "No, no... I'm sorry." "It's very hot in here." It was all she could think of to say. He rolled down the windows, his cheeks and ears red. "Sorry about that, I... I got carried away. I'm not... I don't usually do things like this I just-" "No, don't worry about it," she interrupted, "I just thought... I was going to faint." It was a lame excuse. But the awkwardness was choking her, making her wish she could just open the car door and run away. She wanted to kiss him, this man she has known for 48 hours. She couldn't believe how close she came to touching his lips... Still, the over stimulation exhausted her. She needed to go home and recharge. He pulled out of the drive-in slowly, waiting behind cars in front of him. The fresh air made her feel much better even though her body was tingling still. He drove up to her truck when in the parking lot and go out of the driver seat. He opened the passenger door for her and shifted on his feet like he was very uncomfortable. He walked her to her truck, opening the door for her. He cleared his throat and she could tell he was scrambling for something to say. So she said something instead. "Thank you, that was fun." He nodded, looking at his fee., "Yeah, thank you for coming. Um, have a good night." She smiled, happy he wasn't looking at her with his intense eyes. She shut her truck's door and turned the key in the ignition. The engine roared to life and he stood watching her pull away. When she drove away, looking through her review mirror, she could see him waving. She waved back and drove out of the parking lot. She smiled to herself, mostly out of disbelief. She went from a girl who had one friend and couldn't make eye contact with people, to almost kissing an absolute stranger in a car 24 hours later. A sign, indeed Okay, this one is incredibly short. But if I continued it would have been 4000 words long lol. I wrote this while watching Casablanca and if you haven't seen it, I highly encourage you to do so! It's incredibly romantic, with a taste of tragedy that Rey is so fond of. Comments are appreciated! I want to know your thoughts! -O Notes: Comments are appreciated! -O