You bit on your nails viciously, covering your hood to protecting yourself from the harsh rain. You have been surveilling the Master of Knights of Ren for almost two months now – the main Master, not Kylo Ren. You huddled yourself closer, watching him. You have become unconditionally good at blocking your force presence, hence allowing you to tail the most dangerous man in the galaxy for such a long time. You have come to realize many things since your time in the Resistance… now almost a year. Kylo Ren was a puppet, General Hux was a puppet… Snoke was just aimed to rule the galaxy. But then there was this man - the real mystery. You discovered who he was and his past; he was a force-sensitive child found by a survivor during the Empire Era. He was trained – he fought alongside the Rebellion then. Now he’s this . Taking a deep breath, you took out dim hologram of your daughter cooing in your arms. You tucked in your lips and smiled. Just a few more days and you’ll be able to go back to her. She’s the only reason why your sanity is still intact – she is your everything. She is your path to the Light. You shoved the hologram back in your pocket, moving closer to the edge of the slippery edge of the hill to get a better view. You devoted most of your time to hunt an understand the Knights of Ren, since it did seem like a fitting job for you as a trained Jedi. There were eight of them – no more, no less. And there were two Masters – Kylo Ren, and this mystery… who used to be named Ezra. Your gaze shot up when you saw a very familiar cruiser land, making your blood run cold. You have tried very best to stay as much away from him as possible – and you succeeded until today. Biting your lip, you huddled your body closer, closing in on the sleek Command Shuttle make it’s slow descend onto the rainy terrain. The ramp slowly opened, making your heart leap out of your throat. He was the first one to come out, his lightsaber placed on his belt – the same manly strides emitting power. He was followed by six others with similar attires, but each with different weapons, some carrying lightsabers, others carrying staffs. The Masters faced each other, engaging in some heated conversation. The rain only seemed to fall harder, making it impossible to hear anything. You tried to amplify the listening bugs, but nothing worked. “Fuck me.” You murmured under your breath. Exhaling deeply, you looked down and closed your eyes, using the Force to block out all other noises. The sounds became more concrete, coherent and clear. “What are you implying?” A similar voice, muffled through his helmet ran out, his voice tight and rigid. You tried to swallow the lump on your throat, but nothing seemed to work at this case. “I’m not implying anything, Kylo .” The other Master spat, his voice laced with disdain. You could sense the heavy tension that lingered in the air, making your palms sweat despite the chilly winds and raindrops. “This goes against the Supreme Leader’s wishes!” Kylo shot back, his voice growing louder and louder. “This is treason!” “I’m giving you a simple choice – him or us?” the other demanded, extending out his arm. Kylo took a step back, his mask descending upon the hand. You could sense his anticipation clearly, making you wrap your hand around the lightsaber, your senses alert. Within split seconds, you saw Kylo’s hand fly to his lightsaber, making you Force-jump right in between the Knight who was about to strike him down, blocking him. Your soft green and purple blades blazed against the contrasting array of reds around you. You didn’t acknowledge him, just continued to focus on your task. You force pushed two knights in the corner, ducking and block one with one saber while striking one through the heart. These knights were no challenge to you now, because you finally realized that the weak choose the Dark Side. “Are you just planning on standing there?” You shouted over your shoulder, motioning towards his shuttle. You could sense his shock, making him freeze on spot even though he was still fighting the other master. Shaking your head, you ran towards the shuttle, knowing he was following you as well. You blindly used your blade to block the attacks from behind, making it into the bridge and shutting the ramp. You knew he made it inside, but you didn’t wait. You ran to the control room and launched his ship in the air, taking a sharp turn up to avoid any tails. You turned and pointed your lightsaber at him, the same way he did his. You could visibly see his hands shake, but yours remained still. Even through motherhood, you have trained long and hard for this. You reached for your hood and pulled it down revealing your face. Surprising he did the same, taking his one free hand and pulling his helmet off. Despite your calm demeanor, your heart dropped to your stomach – the face that ruined your whole life and just jeopardized your mission. The only thing that was different about him was the scar – the scar you gave him. Neither let down your guard, but you were the first to speak. “Feels like a bitch to be betrayed, doesn’t it?” you asked, your voice calm and strong. His thick pink lips quivered, dark eyes narrowing. He turned his lightsaber off, tucking it in his belt. You backed against the wall, still holding your lightsaber. His gloved hand reached out just to touch your face – a simple act that you mistakenly gave into… the same soothing touches he managed to woo you with. Without warning, his hand curled around your neck hard, choking you of any air. His eyes blazed with anger, his face turned into a carnal snare. “What are you doing here?” You coughed, trying to breathe through your chokehold. “T-trying to r-rescue yo-you for a cha-ange.” Notes: Heeeyyyaaa Wow, hella short, i know - but i started! i started writing the sequel <3 This story is gonna be kinky... but a lot less angst cuz reader is no longer into that weakass bullshit thank you to everyone who vigoriously supported my last story, and I'd really like to know what you guys are thinking/expecting So comment and kudos away! they make my path much more clear Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Force Works In Mysterious Ways series