Called Hux was 16 years old when his life began. The tight Arkanis Academy uniform clinging to porcelain skin as he strode confidently through crisp white hallways. His sharp ears echoed with the whispers hanging in the air around him. “The Commandant’s son…” Brendol Hux, renowned. Commandant of Arkanis Academy. Feared and respected. “He’s so small…” “-sad, such a disappointment…” Hux would laugh at these comments when he was alone. A harsh, bitter sound that would fill his utilitarian room as his hands twisted unforgivingly into soft burgundy sheets. At first Hux had believed the words that seemed to follow him everywhere he went. Growing up he had been one of the smallest students in the Academy, and was often teased for his fair complexion. For many years the others had referred to him as a female, laughing unabashedly as his father intentionally had his hair grow out, and his uniform tightened even further around his narrow waist . It was his way of discretely hardening Hux to the outside world. The smart bastard. He had gotten his looks from his mother, a woman that he never knew. Sometimes his father would push a hand through fiery red hair, and tilt his head back to look into the blue eyes that mirrored his own before he sighed in disappointment, jerking Hux’s head down before leaving the room. Though, as he grew his intellectual prowess promised a bright future in the Imperial ranks, and his professors particular brand of affection was showered down on him. Despite this, Hux had never been called by his first name- that he could remember - in fact, he was beginning to doubt that he had ever even had one. Now, now he was more than any of these whispers could ever weave together. The people who spoke them fell so low beneath him that his mouth would twitch as he walked past. They were the sad ones, the underlings. He may not have been the most physically challenging, but his mentality more than made up for that. There was a certain feeling of confidence that would swirl around him in the lonesome safety of his own room. A sharp spike of belief, hope, determination that would run hot through his veins as he poured over hundreds of weathered books and datapads, the faint blue glow of the holographic images the only thing lighting up his room in the dead of night. He was 16 when his father recognized his achievements. To him, it was quite the momentous occasion. The man seemed far from family, more of a legend or a story passed down than an actual man. His voice was deep, smooth, undeniably strict, a sound that demanded and received attention. Nearing the end of the first 16 turns of his life, that booming voice filled a small metallic room. It was his name. In the middle of a lecture on field tactics, the image of the past rebel bases ordered in well devised connection glowing down on them from the bright screen. The voice was undeniable. A dozen pairs of eyes shot invisible daggers into his skin as he gracefully stood. His blood was running cold, footsteps suddenly deafeningly loud in the empty hallway. The large metal door loomed ominously above him, his boots filled with lead. Hux was not easily frightened. He did not back down. He was strong willed, fit with unparalleled determination and drive. But as his father, no, Commandant Hux opened the door he felt his body instinctively stiffen. “Come in Hux.” No kind of title, not even a strict, “recruit”, before his name. There was some reasoning behind that, he was sure, but his mind was stuck unhelpfully on a useless repeat, stiffly and methodically following each of the man’s instructions until he stood before a large brown desk. The commandant was well loved. A generally charismatic, charming, amiable man, that everyone couldn’t help but like. But Hux had found that with each step closer he took the man’s smile slowly fell to something unreadable. A controlled mask, devoid of emotion. The accolades which spilled from his lips like a sweet stream of water sputtered out in his presence. “Do you know why I’ve called you here?” Cold. The room was terribly cold, and the academy’s fitted uniform did nothing to insulate his fair skin. The air around him clung to the clothing, sinking into his flesh and seeping into his bones. It was very rare for his father to call him to an audience at school. It was rooted in him to remain still, not to shake his head or admit that he did not know. So, at the risk of failure and possibly beratement, he shot out a viable answer. “My excelled performance intellectually, sir.” “Precisely.” But why? He’d been at the top of his class, the top of the academy really, for almost two years now. “Do you know of the elite cadets here at the school?” His father was a larger man. Broad shoulders, tall, narrow hips, bright red hair cropped up short above his ears. Hux fell in his shadow as the man circled around the desk, gracefully falling to the elegant throne that sat behind the starkly contrasted pain wood directly in front of him. “It is alright if you don’t. As a secret society I’d be rather suspicious if you did know.” He kept his mouth shut, lips pressed together as he focused on shifting his face to convey a mirror of his father's carefully practiced features. A secret society, that wasn’t something he would put past the Order to contrive. In fact, it was rather expected. “You are aware of my vision, yes?” How could he not be. Hux had been grown on the very words that fell from his father's lips. Like water to the plants that littered the evergreen planet of Endor, such words and ideas were the basis of Hux’s education, growth, and childhood. His father was not particularly fond of clones, he admired their abilities and was intrigued and influenced by the fact that they had been trained and weathered since birth, but due to their genetic makeup they were susceptible to separatist biological agents and pathogens. Brendol Hux didn’t take well to vulnerability. “Yes sir.” “Very good.” The man took in a long breath, his eyes seared into Hux’s form, as though he were able to read his thoughts, to lay the boy completely bare with no means of shelter. “I’ve contrived a program in favour of making my vision a reality. The Commandant’s Cadets is the collection of the elite cadets, only the best, most driven, and fiercely loyal are hand picked to take part in the program. Based on your tactical and intellectual excellence I believe that it is time you were offered the invitation to join.” At that the freezing cold seeping into his body pulled him into a state of numbness. He was offered the chance of being the elite, rising as a new star to the position that he deserved. He would be able to exercise his abilities, to take what he deserved. “I would be honoured sir.” “I thought so. Consider the invitation yours, the acceptance is up to you.” Hux blinked a few times, unconsciously shifting uncomfortably on his feet. Had he not just voiced his acceptance? For a moment he could have sworn that his father’s lips had twitched, as though ready to turn up into the haunting ghost of a smile he had worn when Hux was at a younger age. “In order to be accepted, you must pass the induction test. However, I doubt you will be able to.” There was a sharp pain in his chest, and the redhead’s stomach fell to the soles of his feet. “I’ve hand picked each cadet, though you are the weakest of them all. Intellectually you top the ranks of the entire academy, but physically you are sorely lacking.” It was a knee jerk reaction, speaking out. It was unprofessional, immature, and decisively idiotic. “I’ll do anything, sir!” His desperation was appalling even to him. The commandant let out a short hum, the sound reverberating through his chest. “You will kill another recruit, and stage it as an accident.” If he hadn’t already been rooted to the spot, his whole body would have frozen. He felt the cold wash over him as though encasing him in yet another layer of ice. His chest followed his stomach to his feet. “If you are caught, I will not bail you out, and you will pay for your inability.” Icy blue eyes bore into him as though they could break through the rapidly thickening layers of ice forming over his fair skin. “You are dismissed.” The room slowly disappeared behind him as his feet moved on autopilot, for this he was grateful. His strict training allowed his body control when his mind was racing, carrying him to his next class. He didn’t hear a word. There was a sour taste in his mouth, and his tongue seemed to swell up and dry. The day dragged on, and by the time he had made it back to his room half a day of classes had passed and he hadn’t even seen the words right in front of his face. Hux was unable to think of anything but his father’s words as they bounced around in his head, violently hitting the sides of his skull and creating a deep ache. Meals were disregarded as he fell back onto the imperial grade mattress, the plush pad sinking with his weight. Blue eyes searched the ceiling, as though the ornately painted surface could offer him the answers to the universe. Killing another recruit without getting caught. Killing in general. He knew that the day would come, had been thinking about it since he was a little boy. Hux had been born and raised on the tales of Imperial valor and victory. The battles of his past becoming the stories which he fell asleep to. The silken burgundy sheet that he had acquired as a present from one of his father’s acquaintances was now draped around his shoulders like an elegant robe. It fell in shining creases over his body, swallowing up his form in a tent of opulence. As he lifted his hands, the fabric fell over them in movements as flowing as liquid, and under the faint natural light which was slowly dimming as day gave way to night, his hands were covered in blood. The phantom scent of copper and the bitter juxtaposition of something salty and sweet hung heavily in the air.