After an agonisingly long night, Kylo climbs back into his car, hoping that slamming the door shut will alleviate some of his aggression and upset from another failed exhibition. It doesn’t. He groans loudly, pulling off his black tie with a few harsh tugs and opening the top button of his white shirt, feeling as though the noose around his neck has been loosened somewhat but the feeling of failure still lingers. Tonight was meant to have solidified The First Order into the world of visual arts and give them the acclaim that Director Snoke has always wanted for his artists and their work. Kylo rubs his hands down his face. He can almost feel Snoke’s disappointment already, filtering into his chest and chilling his skin. He’s put a lot of faith in Kylo, his newest apprentice, and had his expectations sky-high for his first pieces of work to be shown to the public in the opening exhibition of Starkiller gallery, Snoke’s newest project, with the theme of ‘ Life & Death’ present throughout each of the individual artists’ exhibits. Kylo had chosen the side of ‘ Death’ for his work, feeling as though the dark side offered more to him and his skills than that of the lighter side and ‘ Life’. Using oil paints to depict ghostly figures surrounding a white light, Kylo had been proud of his work for once, feeling as though he had utilized all available utensils to create his work, that he could make something of his artistic talents with Snoke’s guidance and Starkiller’s publicity, rather than conform to the political career that his parents want him to have. But the attendance to their first exhibition had been practically non-existent, and even those who did turn up weren’t there for very long, making one quick sweep around the different exhibits before heading to the exit. The champagne hadn’t even been popular, though Phasma had handed Kylo an unopened bottle before they’d parted, telling him to forget about tonight as best as he can. He reminds himself to thank her tomorrow. Turning the keys in the ignition of his 1972 Porsche 911 , Kylo drives away from the empty car park of Starkiller gallery, heading out onto the busy evening streets of London. As the rain begins to fall, Kylo reminds himself how grateful he should be for Snoke’s mentorship, otherwise he’d be walking home to a cardboard box in an alleyway, rather than driving a classic car to a lavish apartment near the heart of the city. Kylo had been, at first, reluctant to accept the car from Snoke but the man had insisted it be vital that Kylo drives around the city to find inspiration for his work. Better than being depressed in his parent’s house in New York, anyway. Kylo’s phone buzzes in his back pocket, and he squirms in his seat to pull it out, seeing a text message from Phasma previewed on his lock screen. He rolls his eyes but smiles. He unlocks his phone and, giving a glance up to the empty road in front of him, Kylo begins texting her back with one hand on the wheel, thinking about downing the entire bottle of champagne when he gets home, maybe even ordering a pizza just to round off the horrific night. But on his next glance up to the road, Kylo reacts much too late to avoid the fox that’s crossing in front of him. The animal turns its head when Kylo’s headlights engulf it in their bright yellow beams but it can’t move quick enough out of the way, though it tries. “ Fuck!” Kylo shouts as he drops his phone to grab the steering wheel with both hands, foot slamming down on the brake pedal, trying to swerve out of the way, but it’s futile. The sound of the fox’s body hitting his car and the subsequent bump of his tires as he mounts the pavement knocks Kylo sick to his core, and a cold sweat quickly begins to dampen his skin, fearing that he’s killed the poor thing with his stupidity. Scrambling out of the door, Kylo is quickly around the other side of the car and on his knees beside the wounded fox, his hands shaking. It’s lying underneath the front bumper of car and Kylo breathes a sigh of relief that he hasn’t run it over, just knocked it down. The fox’s orange fur is damp from the rain, eyes closed, though Kylo can hear its ragged breathing. “I’m sorry, fuck , it’s alright,” he whispers to it, taking his suit jacket off and spreading it on the wet asphalt of the road. “Stay alive for me, okay, little guy? I’ll get you help, I promise.” The fox doesn’t respond as Kylo manoeuvres it into his jacket, wrapping it up in a little bundle and lifting it gently into his arms, mind spiralling into trying to remember where the nearest veterinary surgery is that’ll still be open at this late hour in the evening. With more grace than he thought he possessed, Kylo lays the fox on the passenger seat, giving its head a quick but reassuring stroke before reaching for his dropped phone, searching the internet for a local vet. Luckily, he finds one that isn’t too far away, though it closes in 11 minutes. Kylo knows he’s at least 15 minutes away. The fox whimpers quietly, and Kylo looks over at it, seeing its ears drooping, mouth parted in gradually slowing breaths. He’s already failed so many people today; he isn’t going to fail this time. Taking as many shortcuts as he can remember, Kylo darts through the traffic, overtaking and swerving past other cars, eyes glancing down to the fox every few seconds just to make sure it’s alright. “Hold on, please, ” Kylo says, and the fox’s ears twitch. Skidding into the vet’s car park, Kylo quickly gathers the bundle of orange fur into his arms and hops out of the car, trying his best to shelter the fox from the falling rain, cradling it close to his chest for protection until they’re inside the vets, his white shirt soaked through. “Excuse me?” He calls out, finding the surgery to be empty; no one behind the desk, no patients waiting, not even any sound coming from the back. “I need help!” The door behind the receptionist’s desk opens, and a lady in a red duffle coat shrugs at him. “We’re closed, sir,” she says. “Can you come back tomorrow?” Kylo shakes his head, angling the fox so the lady gets a glimpse of its face, and she gasps. “It’s hurt, I didn’t see it in the road and hit it with my car, it’s my fault,” Kylo says, keeping eye-contact with the vet as she makes her way around the desk, her pale eyes looking worriedly at the animal. “It’s breathing but I didn’t know what else to do—” “Bring it through,” the vet says with a confident nod. “It looks in a bad way…This way, quickly.” Kylo wants to exclaim in relief that he’s managed to get the fox into safe hands but he says nothing, fearing that his carelessness has cost the animal its life. The vet leads him into the examination room, flicking a switch and the room is engulfed in a bright white light, exam table in the centre. Kylo places his precious cargo in the middle of the table, and the vet peels away the jacket to assess the animal’s injuries whilst Kylo takes a step back, looking at the fox with sad eyes. The fox looks like an adult, its fur a light shade of orange that gradually gets darker further down its back, its tail long and bushy, complete with stark white tip. The bottom half of its four legs are completely black, making it look as though the little thing has socks on, and Kylo can’t help but feel as though he would have admired the fox’s appearance if he weren’t so guilt ridden. “He’ll live,” the vet says and Kylo exhales in a single breath, feeling as though his knees may give way from the overwhelming relief. “Though his injuries are…Well, they’ll require care. The cuts, I’ll be able to stitch, but I’ll need to x-ray his legs. I think one of them is badly broken.” Kylo nods slowly, looking down at the fox, thankful that his wounds aren’t too serious that he’ll need to be put to sleep. “So, what now?” Kylo asks. “Well. I’ll have to perform the x-ray now, the poor thing looks in a lot of pain, so I’ll give him some medication and let him rest. I’ll cast his leg up too if that’s the case. You’re welcome to stay. You can take a seat in the waiting area, there’s a coffee machine out there too. You look like you could use a hot drink.” “Thanks,” Kylo replies, trying his best to smile at her. The vet smiles back at him, but her expression soon fades. “But he’d be better cared for at a shelter on the other side of town,” the vet says, pushing her glasses up her nose, tucking a strand of stray black hair back behind her ear. “Think you could take him there after he’s patched up? I get the train home, you see. You’d be doing me a huge favour.” “Sure,” Kylo nods. The vet thanks him, and Kylo gives one last look to the fox before going to the waiting room, eagerly looking for the coffee machine, wanting as much caffeine as possible to keep him awake. He curses himself for being so careless whilst driving; the fox could have been killed because of his recklessness, an innocent life could have been lost. Kylo drinks his coffee slowly, watching the clock, going over the events of this strange day in his mind. 45 minutes pass before the vet emerges with a large pet carrier in her hand, her coat back on and keys in her hand. “He’s in here,” she says, holding up the case and Kylo can see the fox’s ears resting against the metal opening. The carrier is at least twice the size of the fox, but Kylo doesn’t comment. “It’s his front right leg that’s snapped in two different places, but the cast on it will help it heal, and the carers at the shelter will know what to do with him. It won’t be long before his sleeping meds wear off anyway. Here.” She hands him a piece of paper with an address written on it, and Kylo recognises the name instantly, and frowns. “You want me to take him there?” He says, eyes wide. “Yeah. Is that a problem?” The vet raises her eyebrow, obviously confused at his outburst. Kylo swallows hard. He vividly remembers reading something a few weeks ago about Sunshine Animal Shelters and how secret filming of their employees had revealed just how caring they were towards their animals. Left all day in cold cages, starving, beaten when disobedient, screamed and yelled at. He’s even sure he’s heard cases of healthy animals being put down if they’re proving to be troublesome or disliked, some of them even being skinned and sold off to bidders. There’s no way Kylo is taking the fox there. “No,” he says, shaking his head, reaching to take the fox’s carrier out of the vet’s hands. “No problem at all. I’ll drop him off there straight away.” “Oh, thank you! Sorry, I didn’t get your name—” “Jack,” Kylo lies, giving her a nod and a smile to accompany his fake identity. “Most people wouldn’t do what you’ve done tonight, Jack,” she says. “Most people would’ve left the poor thing to die, but not you. He’s going to have a good life at the shelter, thanks to you.” Kylo scoffs, tightening his grip around the carrier’s handle, turning to the door. “Yeah. A good life. ” //////////// Driving carefully, Kylo heads towards his own apartment, not even entertaining the idea of handing the fox over to those bastards at the shelter. The carrier is balanced precariously on the passenger seat next to him and he’s mindful to place a hand on top of it to steady it when he turns corners, already having caused enough damage to the little fox for one evening. Kylo’s apartment block is located on the end of a relatively quiet street just outside of the city centre. Four stories high, Kylo’s is the one on the top floor, the one with a balcony that overlooks the park opposite it and allows him to be inspired by the skyline of London, according to Snoke anyway. Leaving his car in the secure carpark behind the apartment block, Kylo is careful when lifting the carrier from the car, being thankful that his landlord is accepting of pets in the rooms; though he isn’t quite sure that a wild red fox comes under the bracket of pet. “What am I doing?” Kylo mutters to himself as he walks up the four flights of stairs to his apartment, noting how strangely light the carrier is in his hand, and a new pang of worry hits him. “I don’t know how to take care of a fox.” He enters his apartment, flicking on the lights as he steps through the hallway and into the living room, setting the carrier down on the rug next to the fireplace, ignoring the easels dotted around the room with half-completed work on their mounted canvases. It’s almost midnight, Kylo notes as he looks at the clock, and sighs, unknowing of what he should do next. “This will never work,” he says aloud, rubbing his hands down his face before going into his bedroom to change out of his still-damp clothes, tossing his white shirt and black trousers into his laundry basket before adorning his favourite sweatpants and black shirt. But his attention is immediately grabbed by a small whimpering noise coming from the carrier in the living room, and Kylo darts in there as the whimpers turn into worried growls. “Hey, hey,” Kylo whispers, lying flat on his stomach opposite the cage. “It’s alright, you’re safe.” But the fox seems to disagree. Obviously still a little drowsy from the drugs in his system, he blinks slowly but snaps his jaw against the bars, fangs biting against his cage as he growls. As the fox moves, Kylo notes the cast around the entirety of his front right leg, red tape around the outside, with more white bandaging around his tail and left paw. “I did this,” Kylo says, unfazed by the fox’s angry snaps. “It’s my fault you can’t go back home yet.” The fox huffs, bearing his teeth at Kylo for a moment before lashing out again, grasping the metal bars of the carrier’s entrance with his teeth and pulling. Kylo feels his stomach sink, feeling a new wave of guilt consume him. Deciding to start making amends straight away, Kylo stands and hurries to the kitchen, grabbing a packet of precooked chicken out of the fridge before lying down again in front of the carrier like he was before. “Here,” Kylo says, grabbing a piece and holding it out, fearing for a moment that he may lose a finger. Nonetheless, this fox is his responsibility now; losing a finger may serve him right. Tentatively, the fox sticks his nose against the bars, sniffing softly at the food in Kylo’s hand before grabbing it off him, chewing as though he’s never been fed, immediately looking for another piece once he’s done. “Fuck, when did you last eat?” Kylo asks, giving the fox another piece of chicken. “A while ago, judging by how you’re grabbing this off me.” Kylo stares at the fox whilst it devours every piece of food he’s given, noting a warmness to the animal’s eyes that he hadn’t noticed before. His family have had pets in the past, he’s been around dogs and cats that his friends have owned, and Kylo fails to recall seeing eyes like this fox’s on any other animal. His irises are a dark shade of green, forest green, with them looking almost blue at certain angles. His elongated black pupils look immensely deep, as though he’s seen far too much, like an old soldier, worn down by violence. “If I open this,” Kylo says, tapping the lock on the cage, hoping that the fox understands him. “You’ll be good, won’t you? This is my home, and it’s your home too until you get better. But you have to be good. I want to help you, fox. Okay?” The fox stares at him, but nudges the door with his nose. “I’m gonna take that as a yes ,” Kylo mutters but sits up and unfastens the lock then unclips the hinges of the carrier, lifting the top away to slowly get the fox used to his environment. But as soon as he’s free, the fox growls loudly at Kylo, taking a snap at him and missing his hand by a few mere inches. Kylo groans in frustration, watching as the fox hobbles towards the door, struggling with his cast and bandaging, and in obvious pain. “Fox, come on ,” Kylo says, crawling behind him. “You wouldn’t be able to fend for yourself if you went back into the wild!” The fox sits in front of the front door, scratching at it as best he can with his front paws, whimpering loudly. Kylo’s heart flutters at the sight, desperately sorry for putting the fox in this situation. “I’m sorry, okay? This is for your own good,” Kylo says, standing up and walking back to the living room, knowing he has to be cruel to be kind. He arranges some blankets on his armchair, making as best of a bed as he can with what he’s got. Picking up the packed of chicken, Kylo begins dropping pieces of it on the floor in a trail, a trail from the fox at the door to the armchair, hoping that the fox is hungry enough to accept his trick. Kylo sits by the chair and waits, holding the remainder of the meat in his hand, hoping it’ll be a peace offering. To his dismay, after only 28 minutes, the fox limps back into the living room, eating up the chicken as he comes. He gives Kylo a disapproving growl before approaching him slowly, head bowed, ears pricked. “I’m not going to hurt you,” Kylo says, holding out the meat. “You’ll be safe with me.” The fox takes the food from his fingers and doesn’t flee, staying stood in front of Kylo whilst he chews. Tentatively, spying an opportunity for some trust building, Kylo reaches out and gently brushes his fingers across the top of the fox’s head. The creature, for one brief moment, seems to lean into the touch before stepping away and growling, managing to hop up onto the armchair to eat the rest of the food. “Progress. I guess you need a name,” Kylo says, knowing that he can’t just refer to him as ‘ Fox’ constantly. “You’re ginger, I suppose, aren’t you?” The fox looks up at him, running his tongue along his teeth, and turns away as though disinterested. He lies flat on his stomach on the chair, nestling down among the layers of blankets. “What about ‘ Red’ ?” The fox’s ears twitch, and he yips quietly. Kylo smiles. “Then Red it is.” Notes: so that's how I headcanon'ed that Kylo and fox Hux met! ...Kylo hit him with his car, very romantic. Thanks for reading! There'll be a hell of a lot more soon! Meanwhile, you can read though all of my fox hux drabbles here or just visit my tumblr in general, which is @solohux ❤️