When They Found Her She grunts as she tries to pull harder on the searing metal beneath her barely covered fingers. Biting her lip, she tugs with one final heave and a crunching sound fills the space around her as she falls backward with the metal panel her hands. She tosses it to the side before getting up and dusting herself off, eyes raking the wiring within for the easiest to transport in her small sled and the most profitable. With deft fingers, she reaches in and begins to take it apart, retrieving various tools from her pockets as she works. Soon the sun is beginning to set and she gathers her findings from the pile at her feet and walks them over to her small sled. By the time she returns tomorrow, she knows there will be nothing left for her. The trek to Nima Outpost is long and she hurries as fast as her little legs can carry her, all the while keeping a wary eye out for other scavengers. The sun is near setting and she knows she spent too much time trying to pick apart the Tie Interceptor and she prays that it wasn't wasted. It had been over a year since she'd made a find of anything like it; a recent sandstorm having bared the half destroyed ship to wandering eyes. The Outpost isn't nearly as populated as it usually is and she runs to get to Plutt before he closes shop, her hand slapping the counter as he turns his large back to the small window. "I have something," she breathes hard. Plutt turns to her, eyes narrowed. "You're late," he sneers, multiple chins swaying as his small mouth opens. "Here!" She says, ignoring his accusation and placing her entire find on the window. Slowly the Crolute picks through the parts and wires. He reaches beneath the counter. "Half a portion. And you better be grateful. Don't make me wait again." He pulls the parts inside his hut and slams the window down right after Rey takes the packing from his grubby hands. Her brow furrows and eyes narrow as she stares daggers at the now closed front and clenches her free fist. Gritting her teeth, she shoves the half portion in her pocket and picks up her sled. She barely has enough time to make it back to her home before the cold really sets in. She never notices the strangely dressed stranger watching her from close by. When she reaches her AT-AT, she puts her sled away and stashes the half portion away, hidden in the various nooks and crannies of her abode. She turns to her wall and mechanically adds another mark before pulling an rough looking engine out from yet another hiding place. Pulling her meager collection of tools from her pockets, she lays them on the floor and gets to work on the engine, ignoring the slight rumbling of her stomach. Her stash of portions is small and she doesn't know if she'll find anything tomorrow. She'd promised herself she would never depend on daily portions after the first time Plutt had punished her for not producing enough. She'd gone a week without portions as he collected his 'debt' for previous over payments. Her home was littered with just about 5 portions in total after months of saving. She could go hungry tonight. It's not the first time. It won't be the last. Her head snaps up and she turns her gaze to the darkness beyond the entrance to her home. She stand slowly, ears twitching as they strain to hear. She felt something, some one , she knows it. Carefully, she steps toward the wall on the left of the entrance, placing her back to it and waits. Minutes pass and nothing changes. But she knows that someone is waiting for her. Just as the flap starts to sway, Rey stomps with her foot and swings her arms towards the intruder's mid-section. She won't give anything up without a fight. But she never connects. Her body freezes before she can even process what is happening and soon she is staring into feline yellow eyes. "What did you do?" she demands, ignoring the racing of her heart. "Stopped you from stomping on my foot and taking out a tooth or two with that wrench," a female sounding voice purrs. Rey lowers her eyes and notes the strange robes of the cat-woman on her haunches before her. "I did not mean to frighten you, child. I simply wanted to speak with you. I was not sure of the best way to approach you but I also could not wait." "Why?" Rey asks, eyes flicking back up to the golden eyes that seem to pierce through her. "I must return soon. My time on Jakku is short. Tell me, how did you know I was outside?" "You're loud." She responds flippantly. The woman's chuckle is deep and low, lips smirking to reveal a sharp canine. "You lie well. But the force never lies. Where are your parents?" Rey grinds her jaw, eyes flashing first with sadness and then defiance. "They just left for a bit. They're coming back." The woman tilts her head slightly to the left and frowns. "How long ago?" "Not long." Her frown deepens. Whatever had been holding Rey releases her and she all but falls to the ground. A clawed hand reaches down to assist her and she takes it. Rey may not trust the woman, but she knows if the woman had wished to harm her or take her things, she would have already. "Have you ever heard of the force?" Rey snorts. Of course she had. The old drunks that came out of the small tavern would shout their stories about the Jedi that saved the galaxy. But those stories were just the ramblings of drunks. "Ah, a disbeliever I see." Suddenly Rey is once more in the air, this time floating high enough to be eye level with the woman before her. Her face pales and she looks down. "What are you doing?!" "Providing you some proof of its existence." And just like that she is sat on her hard bed amid the scraps of cloths she uses for comfort. Her eyes are wide as she stares while the woman approaches. "My name is Dian. I am a Jedi Knight. And you, child, have the force." Rey laughs. She laughs and laughs and laughs. She falls forward, hands gripping her stomach. The womans seems amused by her reaction. "I did not realize that my knighthood was so entertaining." That finally quiets Rey. "I don't have the force." She says, wincing slightly as her hunger pains battle the soreness of her abs from laughing for dominance. "But you do. How else do you think you could tell I was nearby?" Rey rolls her eyes but the question replays in her mind. She had known someone was there. "You could come with me. To the Academy. Learn how to be a Jedi." She shakes her head vehemently. "My parents. They're coming back. I can't." Silence fills the small cavern of her home and the Jedi Knight's eyes roam over to the wall of marks on the wall. Slowly she approaches it, her fingers tracing over the uneven lines. "If they could have, don't you think they would have by now?" the woman says ever so softly. The tears rise unbidden and stream down her dirty cheeks. Of course she had thought about that. But no, they were her parents. Of course they would come back for her. They couldn't... They arent'... The woman sits next to her, their thighs touching, and places an arm around her. "You do not have to be alone any longer, Rey."