“A ball,” Karé says. “Yep.” “Your mission is to go to a ball ,” she repeats, her eyebrows rising. “With music and dancing?” “And masks.” Poe nods. “And food as well, I hope.” “What the fuck,” Karé says, and Poe laughs without humor. “I know.” “No, really, what the fuck ? Why you?” “Because I’m the embodiment of an empowered omega in an alphas’ world, ” he grits through his teeth. He finally looks up from his luggage and turns to Karé. “She doesn’t think I can fly, Karé.” “ What? ” “She didn’t say it outright. But she said she’d let me after I return from this.” He huffs. He doesn’t remember ever being angry at the General before. “Maybe it was just a condition,” Karé suggests. “She knew you wouldn’t agree to go, otherwise.” “Yes, but why this ? A fucking ball ? I could be doing something useful!” “Maybe no one else wanted to go.” She shrugs. She hesitates before she adds, “Maybe she thinks you’ll find an alpha there.” Poe huffs. “Fuck alphas. Present company excluded,” he adds in a mumble, and Karé snorts. She grabs Poe’s shoulder and with a sigh he wraps an arm around her waist for a half-hug. “Just go and get it done. If you treat it like any other mission, maybe—” She suddenly stops, then frowns and leans over his open bag. “Are you supposed to get your heat soon?” Poe nods. “Either the night of the ball or the day after. A good excuse to lock myself in my room and do nothing for the rest of the visit, don’t you think?” Karé laughs and squeezes his shoulder before she steps away. “Safe trip, Commander.” *** The landscape of Vervain is beautiful, and the people are more than welcoming, but Poe decides he’ll make sure he appreciates them on another visit. This one he intends to spend sulking like the adult he is, so he spends the entire time from their arrival until the ball in solitude, either reading in his room or walking in the gardens of the palace on his own. When the big night rolls around he finds himself standing in front of the mirror, barely able to recognize himself—and not just because of the mask. The most important aspect of the ball is keeping your identity concealed, and he’ll be damned if the colorful, silky robes are something he would wear on any day but this. He sighs, bracing himself, and makes his way towards the grand hall. He gets himself a glass of water and mingles, making polite conversation, until an older man somehow tangles him into a web of conversation that Poe has no idea how to keep up. It turns out he doesn’t have to – the man is happy enough to ramble on and on and leave Poe to sip his drink and let his mind wander as he watches the rest of the guests for a while. Poe snaps back from his haze when another masked man walks up to them. He acknowledges Poe’s companion before he turns to Poe. “May I have this dance?” he asks, reaching out his gloved hand for Poe to put his palm in. Poe looks him up and down and considers the question for all of a moment before he puts his glass on the ground and accepts the invitation. “Have a good night,” he wishes his companion. Just have it away from me, he thinks, and ignores the man’s reply as his new dance partner leads him away. He’s about as tall as Poe is, and Poe can’t help but wonder what he looks like under the mask. His voice is deep and smooth, his movements sure but not intrusive, and when he wraps an arm around Poe’s waist and pulls him close, his scent tells Poe that he is definitely an alpha. Fuck. “You’re welcome,” is the first thing the man says, and Poe pulls back a little in surprise. “What?” “I just rescued you from having the most boring night imaginable,” the alpha explains, nodding a little towards where the man Poe was talking to still stands, now alone. “Escaping by yourself would have been impossible.” Poe huffs, unsure whether he’s supposed to laugh or not. “I would have broken free. Eventually.” “Yeah, you keep telling yourself that,” he says before both his hands slip to Poe’s hips and he picks him up, spinning for a moment along with the rest of the dancers before he puts him back down. Poe laughs this time, breathless, and clings to the man’s shoulders when his feet touch the ground again. “What’s wrong? Never flown before?” Poe laughs again. “You really don’t know anything about me,” he says, shaking his head. “I know you’re a shit dancer,” the man says without missing a beat, and Poe huffs, indignant. “I haven’t been here before! I don’t know this dance!” He shouts when the music swells around them. “Excuses!” The alpha shouts back and they don’t speak for a while, just gasp and laugh and cheer as Poe follows his partner’s movements and those of the dancers around them. He feels giddy whenever he gets a move right and when the music finally stops he all but collapses in his partner’s arms, thankful for the alpha’s strength, and wills his breath to calm down. “You okay?” the alpha asks, and Poe nods. “Wanna get some fresh air?” “Sure,” Poe says and lets himself be led through the crowd. The alpha has a hold on his arm, but it isn’t forceful, and Poe feels safe linking their arms together so they’re both more comfortable. “Water,” he mumbles when they pass one of the tables, and the alpha waits for him as Poe pours himself a glass. They walk out of the large doors and the cool night air envelops Poe as soon as they step on the balcony. When they reach the edge of it Poe puts his glass on the wide railing and turns his back on the alpha. “I’m gonna take my mask off so my face can dry off a bit, don’t try and sneak a peek at the sweaty goodness.” The alpha laughs and Poe hears him shift. “I think I’ll do the same, actually. This thing is a nightmare.” “I can imagine,” Poe says as he wipes his face with his sleeve. The alpha’s mask is a crude-looking flat piece of plasteel that looks as if it would serve better as a wall decoration than for hiding one’s face. “That’s why I chose one that only covers half of your face. It’s annoying, but it lets me breathe, at least.” “Yeah, well.” The alpha hesitates before he continues. “You won’t be recognized by half your face. No one here knows you.” Poe frowns. “How do you know?” He puts his mask back on and turns to see the alpha doing the same. “You told me you’re not from Vervain, remember?” The alpha turns with his back to the railing and leans on it, crossing his arms. “Or was that just you refusing to admit you have two left feet?” “Fuck you, buddy,” Poe says, but he’s grinning, and he takes a sip in an effort to tear his gaze away from the man’s biceps. He said it himself – he’s not here to find an alpha. “You knew I was in bad shape when you came to my rescue.” The alpha tilts his head to the side. “You don’t seem to be in bad shape.” Poe feels his cheeks flush again and he lets out a nervous chuckle. “You know what I mean,” he says, but there’s no reply from the man. “Oh, come on. You know. You’re an alpha.” “Um, actually. Can you keep a secret?” Poe makes a show of turning to look back to the hall where everyone present is a stranger for him. “From whom, exactly?” The alpha laughs a little. “Fair enough.” He takes a breath. “I’m not an alpha.” “What?” “Seriously, I’m not. Here,” he lifts his wrist to Poe’s face and nods a little when Poe just looks at him. Poe leans in and sniffs a little, frowns when he can’t find a scent there. “And this.” The man moves closer and pulls at the neck of his shirt, and Poe takes the hint and leans in to smell it. “That’s just perfume. The bottle said that to alphas it would smell gross, and to omegas it would be ‘pleasant but not overpowering’.” “Sounds about right,” Poe mumbles and takes a step away before his body can react to the scent. Artificial or not, it still smells like an alpha, and combined with the fact that Poe actually feels attracted to the man before him... “Oh, good,” the man says. “I wasn’t sure it was actually working.” “Because you’re a beta,” Poe says, and the man nods. “And you want people to think you’re an alpha.” “Just for tonight.” “Why?” Poe asks, and the man shrugs. “Right, no personal questions,” he remembers. “But you can’t wear a more revealing mask because people here might recognize you by your mouth? ” Poe sees the man’s shoulders tense a bit but he presses on. “Are you known for something good or something bad?” The man considers the question for a moment. “Depends on who you ask.” Poe laughs. “Come on, buddy. Give me something. I’ll be leaving in like three days, and I won’t be wasting time to gossip. Your identity is safe with me.” “Why three days?” “What?” “Most of the guests are leaving tomorrow. Do you have any other business here?” “That’s... Personal, don’t you think?” Poe moves to stand next to the man and watches the people dancing inside. “Is it really prohibited to reveal that much about yourself tonight? Does it bring bad luck or something?” “Some think it does. Honestly, for most it’s just convenient. You get in, you party, you get out. It used to be more fun when younger people would actually visit, now it’s just bored politicians who do come to keep the tradition alive more than out of a desire to have a good time.” Poe nods. “And you know this because you’ve lived here all your life.” The man huffs. “Nice try,” he says and bumps Poe with his hip. “I’m not telling you shit.” Poe shrugs. “You don’t have to. I’ll figure it out. We’ve got the whole night ahead of us.” As if on cue, he feels a hot wave wash over him and sways a little. “Fuck. Fuck, okay, we have an hour, maybe.” “What do you mean?” The man turns to face him. “What’s wrong?” “Nothing.” Poe tries to wave him off. “I’m fine.” “You don’t look fine.” Poe chuckles a little. “I thought you said I was in good shape.” “And you said that you weren’t. And that I would know if I—” Poe sees the exact moment it all clicks for the man and he looks away, swearing under his breath. “What do you need?” “Nothing,” Poe grits between his teeth. “I’m fine.” The man is silent for a while before he asks, “Why didn’t you tell me?” “Because it’s none of your business,” Poe snaps, then takes a deep breath. “I’m sorry. I’m just a little—sorry.” “Nah, it’s fine,” the man says. He sounds amused. “Speak your mind.” Poe shakes his head a little. “I just... We were having fun. I needed that,” he says, voice quiet, but the fragile moment of sincerity shatters when the man next to him snorts. “You’re risking going into heat in the middle of a crowd for a little bit of fun ?” The man shakes his head and pushes away from the railing. He offers Poe his arm. “Come on.” “What?” Poe asks. “You need privacy. I’ll walk you to your room. We can meet and have fun tomorrow.” Poe raises an eyebrow. “So you’ll be here?” The man shrugs and leads him though the hall. “Unless I meet someone more interesting than you and run away with them, I don’t really have a reason to go.” “A- ha , so you do live here!” he exclaims. He has no way of telling, but he knows the man is smiling beneath the mask. “But what the hell do you mean, more interesting?” “Oh, you know.” The man pretends to think about it for a moment before he says, “Someone who’s been around. Preferably in his own ship. Has a story or two up his sleeve. A bit cocky, maybe, but not too much.” Poe stares at him for a moment before he bursts out laughing. “What?” the man asks, indignant. “You just... You really want a pilot, it would seem.” “Mm. I think I’d like a pilot,” the man says, and Poe flushes at his low voice. “Kriff,” he whispers under his breath. “What’s wrong?” “Just... Leave me here before I make a fool of myself?” Poe asks and lets go of the man’s arm. “I’ll find my way from here.” The man tilts his head to the side. “Why would you make a fool of yourself?” “Because you’re really hot and really I’m horny?” The man laughs, incredulous. “You have no idea what I look like.” “But you’re handsome, I can tell,” Poe replies. The man shakes his head. “Get your horny ass to bed, flyboy.” Poe feels the smile slip off his face. “Flyboy?” “Uh, when we were dancing,” the man tries to explain. “When I lifted you and—never mind.” “Oh, we have inside jokes already.” Poe laughs, relieved. “Whatever,” the man mumbles. “Go to bed.” “Yes, your hotness.” Poe salutes and turns on his heels, only a little disappointed when the man doesn’t say anything else as he walks away. Once in his room, he digs his heat kit out of his luggage, and he looks at it for a moment, considering the small bottle of suppressants. He planned on spending a proper heat here, and the man might have been joking about them meeting the next day, but still— He takes a suppressant and dumps the rest of the kit on his bed, ready to ride out the heat until the pill takes effect. Chapter 2 Poe is a bit woozy the next morning, and it’s nothing unexpected, but he still takes the rare opportunity to lie in way past the time he usually gets up. It’s almost noon when he hears a knock at his door and stumbles out of bed, wrapping himself in a robe on the way. Admiral Statura raises an eyebrow once he’s given him a once-over. “Everything alright, Commander?” Poe feels a blush cover his cheeks. “Yes, sir,” he says. “Heat suppressants,” he adds, deciding honesty won’t hurt anyone. “Took them a bit too late.” “Oh,” the Admiral says. “Is there anything you need?” “No, no, I’m alright. Thank you, sir.” Statura gives him a nod. “Well, I’m here to let you know that the Queen has invited us to have lunch.” “Oh. Me, as well?” Statura smiles. “Yes, Commander. She’d like to meet you, if you’re feeling well enough.” Poe hesitates. Returning to bed is tempting, but he doesn’t want to be disrespectful. Statura and the Queen are friends, he knows; he’d like to meet her, as well. “Do we have to go now?” he asks. “Yes.” “Could you give me a minute to get dressed?” “Of course, Commander.” Poe shuts the door and throws the robe to the side, runs to dig through his luggage and find clean clothes. He settles for his uniform as the most appropriate attire and goes to wash up before he puts it on. He feels a bit more awake when he opens the door again and the two of them head away. Poe is surprised to see they’re going to have lunch in the same hall the ball took place in. There isn’t even a hint that a big celebration took place here the night before: the hall is pristine and all the smaller tables have been removed to leave a large, dining one at the center of the hall. A beautiful woman is sitting at the head of it and a younger man is seated to her right. Poe is embarrassed to see them wearing robes similar to what he wore last night. Did he wear something that wasn’t fit for commoners at a ball organized by the royal family? “Dear Admiral,” the Queen smiles and reaches out to Statura once they near the table. “I’m so glad to see you.” “It’s a pleasure to be here, Your Majesty,” the Admiral replies, pressing a kiss to the Queen’s knuckles. “Your Highness.” He bows to the man sitting next to the Queen and Poe awkwardly follows suit when he sees the Prince’s gaze shift to him. “Please, sit,” the Queen invites them and Statura takes the seat to her left, and Poe sits next to him. “This is Commander Poe Dameron,” Statura introduces him and Poe nods when the Queen smiles at him. “He is our best pilot.” “It’s good to meet you, Poe,” the Queen says, voice kind. “My name is Kara. This is my son, Finn.” “It’s an honor, Your Majesty. Your Highness.” He makes the mistake of looking at the Prince again and feels embarrassment wash over him. He already feels like shit, and he knows he looks it, too. He doesn’t need someone as beautiful as Prince Finn to be silently staring at him the way he is, eyes wide and intense. “Do excuse my appearance,” he pleads, turning to the Queen again. “I’m afraid I don’t feel too well.” “Oh, did you stay up late last night?” the Queen asks, voice teasing, and Poe is surprised to see the Prince choke at the same time he feels his own throat struggle around his food. “Isn’t it against the rules to tell you that, or something?” he asks once he’s managed to swallow. The Queen smiles at him. “Ah, you’re a fast learner!” She turns to Prince Finn when he chokes on his food again. “Everything alright?” she asks, placing a hand on top of his. “Yes, Mother,” the Prince replies, and Poe’s heart skips a beat when he hears his voice. He feels his cheeks burn hot when the Prince fixes his gaze on him again. “I hope you had fun if you did attend the ball, Commander.” “I certainly tried to,” Poe replies, and realizes how quick his breathing has become. The Prince gives him a bright smile and Poe doesn’t know whether he wants to laugh or cry. Of course the only man Poe fell for is the kriffing prince. Of course he is incredibly beautiful on top of charming and funny. Of-fucking-course. It makes him dizzier the more he thinks about the night before. Fuck you, buddy— You’re hot and I’m horny— Your Hotness— I didn’t actually say this but it’s kind of obvious I was thinking about you before I could sleep last night, isn’t it? “Please excuse me,” Poe says, voice rough. “I need some—” “Fresh air,” the Prince finishes for him and gently wipes his mouth with a napkin. “Allow me to join you, Commander?” Poe swallows and nods in defeat. “Lead the way, Your Highness.” They walk out onto the same balcony as last night and Poe finds himself gripping at the railing as he waits for the relentless teasing he knows is about to come. “I can’t believe it’s really you,” the Prince says instead, voice soft, and Poe turns to him in surprise. “What?” “I didn’t think I’d actually see you again. I’ve been thinking about it since last night,” the Prince says with a laugh. “We didn’t make any plans or anything. I was beginning to think it might be for the better, with all the embarrassing stuff I said last night.” He shakes his head with a small smile. “But here you are,” he says, voice quiet, and his hand covers Poe’s on the railing. Poe feels his cheeks burn at the gesture. “Your Highness...” “Finn,” the Prince says, and Poe gives him a faint nod. “Finn,” he echoes, and the Prince grins. It makes Poe’s chest hurt. “Finn of Vervain.” “Yes.” Poe manages to keep his behavior appropriate for all of two seconds before he says, “Well, fuck me, buddy,” with feeling. The Prince laughs and something in Poe’s stomach flutters. “I’m sorry if this is weird,” the Prince says and Poe huffs. “You’re sorry?” he shakes his head. “I told you I was making a fool out of myself.” “You weren’t,” the Prince says, voice firm. “Talking to you was the most fun I’ve had in ages.” Poe chuckles. “Why do I find that hard to believe?” The Prince shrugs easily. “Because you’re not from around here and you don’t know that Vervain is boring as shit?” Poe laughs. “Even for a prince?” “Especially for a prince,” Finn says. “I have an older sister, so I don’t have a claim to the throne. She deals with politics and everything else and I’m just sort of useless here.” Poe frowns. “What do you do, then?” Finn shrugs. “I study. I train. I attend certain events.” “And what would you like to do?” Finn sighs as he looks back to the hall entrance. His gaze returns to Poe. “I want to join the Resistance.” Poe feels his eyes widen. “What?” “It’s why my mother is so protective of me.” He shakes his head. “I told her once and she just...” He takes a deep breath. “She thinks my actions will drag Vervain into the war. But I... If I’m a soldier like everyone else, no one’s gonna care where I come from, right?” “You would abandon this life to come fight with us?” Poe asks, voice thinner than usual. Finn nods, then smiles when Poe twines their fingers together. “I would. I can’t, but I would.” “You’re a good man, Finn,” Poe says. Finn shakes his head. “The first thing that went through my head when the Admiral said that you’re a pilot was that you could take me away from here. I don’t think daydreaming about abandoning your poor mother makes one a particularly good person.” “You haven’t actually asked me to take you with me, so.” “Not yet,” Finn murmurs, and the long look they share makes Poe realize exactly how close to each other they’re standing. “May I?” Finn whispers, his other hand coming up to caress Poe’s cheek. “Won’t you get in trouble if they see?” “I might.” He doesn’t move away. Poe smiles before he leans in and their lips meet in a chaste kiss. When they pull away Poe can’t help the giggle that bubbles out of him. “What?” Finn murmurs. “I just kissed a prince,” Poe whispers, and Finn laughs. “And I just kissed the best pilot in the Resistance.” “In the galaxy,” Poe corrects. “Oh, of course. My apologies.” “It’s a common mistake, don’t worry about it,” Poe says, and they both chuckle. Finn leans in to kiss him again and Poe’s hand settles on his hip. “When do you have to leave?” Finn asks and Poe sighs. “Sometime tomorrow.” “Would you like to spend your time here with me?” “Oh, I don’t know.” Poe shrugs. “I think I heard someone say that Vervain is boring for princes. I might go look for someone who—” He laughs into it when Finn kisses him again and presses their bodies closer together. “Why do you have to be the prince of Vervain ?” he whispers, touching his forehead to Finn’s. “What do you mean?” Finn asks. Poe sighs and leans his head on Finn’s shoulder. “Doesn’t matter.” It’s ridiculous how close to Finn he feels already, how he already regrets having to leave. “What are we gonna do today?” “You’re going to tell me what this is, hopefully.” Poe jumps a little at the sound of the Queen’s voice, and Finn’s arms tighten around him when they turn to see her standing at the entrance to the hall. “Mother,” Finn says, and continues in a language that Poe doesn’t understand. He looks from Finn to the Queen and fruitlessly tries to figure out what they’re saying. When the Queen says something that sounds like a question and all Finn does is look at Poe with longing in his eyes, something tightens in Poe’s chest. “I promise,” Finn says softly, and the Queen studies him for a moment longer before she nods. She gives Poe a kind, if tense smile. “Enjoy your stay, Commander,” she says before she leaves. Once they’re alone, Finn sighs and leans his cheek on Poe’s head. “Did I get you in trouble?” Poe asks quietly and smiles when Finn kisses his forehead. “No,” he replies. “So I’m not gonna be thrown into prison for making out with the Prince?” Finn laughs. “Of course not. She’s not concerned about that. We just... We can’t be seen?” He pulls away to give Poe an apologetic look. “‘Cause when you leave people will start asking questions.” “Of course,” Poe says. “I don’t mind.” “Are you sure?” Poe nods and Finn gives him a grin. “Come on, then,” he says and leads Poe away by the hand. “Let’s go have an affair.”