FN-2187 laughed with his comrades, as they joked among themselves in the First Order transport shuttle. They buzzed with excitement, a nervous tension was heavy in the air. It was his first mission. His first time in battle. FN-2187 looked around at his fellows, nearly unidentifiable from one another in their white, nondescript armoured-uniforms. He should be focused. He couldn't let his anticipation cloud his mind and ruin him, one mistake could cause the mission to fail. He couldn't afford to sabotage his own preparation. His legs bounced slightly as he inspected his rifle, he couldn't seem to stand still. FN-2187 couldn't help but look around at the other Stormtroopers as they laughed and prepared for the battle. It was many of their first mission as well. They all trained together for so long, and now it was finally time to prove themselves. He looked over at his friend, elbowing him slightly to catch his attention. FN-2003 turned to him, and FN-2187 could hear his laugh, slightly muffled under the helmet. He gave FN-2187 the supportive nod he hoped for, helping to calm FN-2187. He wasn't alone in his excitement. That almost made the thundering in his chest more bearable. He could hear his heartbeat echo in his ears, it was loud in his helmet. Too loud. Damn near deafening. His hands twitched, tempted to reach up and remove the damn thing. He longed to tear it off, breathe fresh air instead of the warm stale air in his helmet. He hated wearing it. It was oppressive, now more than ever. FN-2187 shut his eyes, and tried to steady his breathing. He had to relax. This mission was too important to screw up because of nerves of all things. It was his very first, and he'd be damned if he let it fail. FN-2187 was determined to make his troop and his Captain proud of him. This was his chance to stand out. As more than just a number. ‘Trust your training, follow your orders.’ He focused on Captain Phasma’s words. She had done this before, she knew what to do. If she said to do something it was for the best. The shuttle landed with a thud, FN-2187 felt as though his knees would give out, but he stood firm. It was time. He took a slow deep breath, and focused on the hatch to the shuttle. He was ready. Trust your training, follow your orders. Today was a day they would look back on and smile, proud of themselves for all they accomplished. This is what they trained for, and it was time to prove themselves. FN-2187 gripped his rifle tightly, and braced himself. ‘Trust your training, follow your orders.’ The second the hatch slid open and the ramp touched down, they rushed forward, weapons raised and- Blaster bolts flashed, streaking across the sad tattered ‘village’, lighting up the night. People screamed and cried out in pain- the screams coming from seemingly all directions. Was it his squad? Was it the villagers? Where are they coming from? He moved on autopilot, rifle raised and finger ready to fire at a moment's notice. He tried to ignore the sound of blasters and rifles, weapons unloading, and screams as he ran. Ignore the thuds of bodies falling to the ground. Who's fallen? Who’s been hurt? One of his comrades? He was tempted to turn, to look at the source of a deep yelp that came from beside him. The yelp that sounded suspiciously like FN-2199. This was nothing like his training. The simulations that he and his squadron had been trained and tested on couldn't hold a candle to this harsh reality. He turned, spotting a villager who held a raised weapon above FN-3442’s head, and as he began to pull the trigger- A bright, nearly blinding flash of red, and FN-2003 cries out suddenly- and crumples forward into the sand with a harsh thud. ‘Slip!’ FN-2187 raced to his fallen friend and dropped to his knees besides the smoking body of his friend. ‘No no no no’ FN-2187 rolled him over, breathing heavily-loud gasps that he was sure Slip could hear. He fumbled, dropping his blaster to the side and looking over Slip, desperately trying to think of some aide he could provide. “It-it's okay buddy, I can fix this…” he manages to force out, lips dry, voice hoarse. His voice sounds weak, and cracks to betray to Slip that there isn't anything FN-2187 can do. Slip reaches out to him, and FN-2187 can do nothing but watch, tears streaming down his face that he tries to stop. He was trained not to feel. Not for those he kills, and certainly not for those who die to help further their cause. Their… cause…. ‘What even is their cause?’ Slip’s fingers dragged across FN-2187’s helmet, blood smearing over his vision as his friends hand dropped, and Slip moved no more. He couldn't speak. What's going on… This… this can't be real… ‘Trust your training, follow your orders.’ Still on autopilot, FN-2187 stands, and moves away, mind reeling. He moves stiffly, forcing his body to continue towards the battle- colour streaking across the village and people crying out as they are dragged from the safety of their shabby tents. He takes a shaky breath, trembling slightly, clinging to the words of Captain Phasma, repeating them like a mantra to try and force out the deafening sounds of crying and screaming. ‘Trust your training, follow your orders. Trust your training, follow your orders. Trust your training, follow your orders.’ Why can he still hear the screaming?! He was so eager before this. So ready. He trained for years to reach this point. The stormtrooper corps trained him and his fellows without mercy so they would be hardened soldiers who would kill and die without a second thought. Anything to further their cause. Just...just like Slip. FN-2003. The battle died down, the villagers having been severely outnumbered and outgunned. They were nothing compared to the army of the First Order. The villagers were forced together in the centre of the village; some dragged, some pushed by gunpoint. The lights and small explosions from stray blaster bolts stopped, but the crying didn't. FN-2187 followed the lead of his comrades, encircling the survivors. He held his blaster steady, aimed perfectly at a small child who screamed and clung to an even more terrified mother. She glowered back at him with wide, wild eyes. She only tore them away from him to glance at his comrades who held their weapons high. There was no chance for escape, if that is what she is looking for. They couldn't run. They would not get past the Stormtroopers. If they somehow did, they'd be gunned down like animals. FN-2187 swallowed bile that rose to his mouth, trying to ignore the sudden barrage of doubts he felt. ‘Trust your training, follow your orders.’ He tried to focus on something else. Anything else but the begging pleads of the survivors he was pointing his weapon at. His comrades. His fallen comrades. FN-2003… Slip… These villagers had taken them down without fear or hesitation. They were just as willing to die as...as they were. Focus on that. Don't think about the tears he can see glimmering on the remaining survivors faces. They may match his, but they will never know that. From outside his helmet he looked every bit the cold soldier the others did. Now wasn't the time to be questioning orders. It's just because this is his first battle as a fully commissioned Stormtrooper. It's nerves. That's what it has to be. FN-2187 tried to ignore the guilt that was forming inside him- focus on what his captain said before. Trust your training, follow your orders. These villagers are not as poor and defenceless as they seem. Even though now they cower in fear and huddle together in a shuddering mess, before they had no issue hiding and stabbing stormtroopers in the back as they walked by. They are enemies of the order. Enemies of the order… The mother trying to shield her child didn't look like an enemy. Or even a threat. He glanced at the other members of his squad, trying to see if they were as unsure and hesitant as he was. Nothing. No lowered weapons. No others looking around like he was. No heavy breathing besides his own. Did no one else find this wrong!? They should be protecting civilians, not rounding them up like cattle and forcing rifles to their heads. FN-2187 shook his head, physically shaking those thoughts from his mind before holding up his rifle with the confidence that his training had literally beaten into him. ‘Trust your training, follow your orders. Trust your training, follow your orders’ repeated like a mantra in his mind. These civilians surrendered. Captain Phasma no doubt had a plan for them. He would ignore the anxiety that bubbled in his gut and trust her judgement. What other choice did he have? ‘Trust your training, follow your orders.’ A shuttle was landing outside the circle of soldiers. FN-2187 glanced at it out of the corner of his viser, trying to see through the blood on his mask. FN-2003’s blood. He shuddered at the sight, red slowly dripping down. Dominating his vision. No, focus. Focus on something else. The shuttle. Focus on the shuttle. He could barely make out the hatch door unfolding, a light inside the craft silhouetting the dark figure that stormed out. Dark cloak and robes, black and silver metal mask, tall and looming. ‘Oh no…’ FN-2187 was surprised-and grateful- that he didn't shudder at the sight of Kylo Ren. He didn't need the attack dog of the Supreme Leader seeing his fear. But… if Kylo Ren is here… This is not the ‘nothing’ mission he and his squadron previously thought. It had to be much bigger than an errand for the First Order. Ren didn't appear in person for nothing. He suddenly heard a low grunting, followed by the harsh, filtered voice of one of the commanders. “Stand up!” The commander snarled, roughly throwing an old man to the ground before Ren. The pair of stormtroopers who dragged the man were unnecessarily rough, and their cold voices made FN-2187 flinch back slightly. The man struggled for a moment, sand snowing down from his face and clothing, but he managed to stand fully. His posture straight and noble, as if he hadn't a moment before been strewn on the ground. FN-2187 recognised him then- this man was the target. Lor San Tekka. The man looked older in person than in the holopad Captain Phasma had shown the squads before arrival. His face was narrow and oddly calming. Had this been any other situation, FN-2187 might have been soothed by this man’s presence. He yanked his arms away from the troopers, staring down Kylo Ren with a strange, sorrow in his eyes. Something almost akin to pity. The two were speaking, Lor San Tekka and Ren. FN-2187 couldn't quite hear it, his ears still focused quite unfortunately on the whimpering of the villagers. If he strained he could hear, but not everything. Just the occasional phrase and the raised, projected voice of Tekka when he boldly spoke to Ren, with a courage FN-2187 had never heard used when speaking to one such as Kylo Ren. “The First Order rose from the Dark Side. You did not. And neither did the one you stole.” He proclaimed, eyes narrowed and piercing Ren like cold daggers. It was as if he planned on breaking through the man’s dark mask with just the strength of his glare. “Stole?” Ren snarled, his voice filtered and mechanical. Low enough to send shivers down FN-2187’s spine. Ren barked something more at Tekka, but FN-2187 couldn't hear it over the flames. “I’ll show you the dark side.” Ren snapped, his voice impatient and cold. It was a voice that made many of the Stormtroopers shift or flinch. More often than not that tone was a sign of only terrible things to come. FN-2187 glanced over at them again, trying not to move his head so no one would see his eavesdropping. Out of the corner of his eye he noticed something- a small, thin figure cloaked in black, a fashion similar to Ren, emerge from the shuttle and hurriedly race over to Kylo Ren. As they passed FN-2187, they turned to face him. FN-2187 couldn't tear his eyes away suddenly, staring at what the darkness tried to hide. The flames of the burning village licked at the shadows beneath their hood, revealing surprisingly soft hazel eyes and fair skin. Her eyebrows knitted together when she stared at him. There was no way they could see FN-2187’s eyes through the dark of the helmet, but it was as if their eyes locked. As if she was seeing right through the helmet. Right through him. FN-2187 immediately felt calm rush over him like water. It was so sudden and random it was as if it was forced over him. But with a shaking breath, he accepted the foreign feeling of ease, and allowed it to relax his body and slow his heart so it wasn't threatening to burst from his chest. ‘Who? Who is that?’ He had never heard of this woman before. The woman’s lips twitched slightly, and her eyes glimmered-possibly from the firelight around her, and she turned away from FN-2187. She reached out, touching Ren gently on his arm, stealing the man's attention from the old desert dweller for a moment. Ren bowed his head and reached out, gently touching the woman's arms as he leaned down so the much smaller figure could whisper something to him without fear of being overheard. They stood so close to one another FN-2187 felt as though he was intruding, though they stood in the middle of a battlefield-open to all. FN-2187 had to tear his eyes from the two- the moment between them was so oddly intimate despite the village in flames around them. He couldn't watch- as if this was their moment and should be private. He instead turned to Tekka, who was now not bothering to hide the scorn from his expression. ‘Why? Why is he looking at them like that?’ The oddly informal behaviour Ren was displaying made him more...human. Nothing to scorn at? “You may try.” Tekka suddenly declared, regaining Ren’s attention. “But you cannot deny the truth that is your family.” Ren slowly straightened himself, but did not turn to Tekka. The cloaked woman shook her head violently and reached up, grabbing a handful of Ren’s cloaks and yanking on them, trying to drag Ren’s head back down to theirs. FN-2187 could hear a whisper of her voice over the crackling flames, but not what she said. It was clearly meant only for Ren. Ren didn't even flinch or show any sign of having heard the woman. Or that he felt her tugging on him at all. Whoever this woman was, she clearly did not fear the enforcer. FN-2187 could barely hear a high voice snapping something at Ren, a little louder. “Even if you attempt to forget them by surrounding yourself with stolen relics, you know you will never truly belong there.” The air grew cold. The woman snapped something now that FN-2187 could hear: “Kylo-” However, she was ignored. Despite her attempts to keep Ren’s attention, Ren slowly turned to face Lor San Tekka, his concealed eyes staring down at the old man, who stared back without fear. “You're so right.” He snarled before igniting a burning red beam of light from a strange object he held in his hand, something that made FN-2187’s eyes widen. Could it be a weapon of legend he heard from so many others who worked with Ren before? Tekka’s eyes grew wide with sudden fear and he tried to raise his hands to shield himself. Not that it mattered. In a quick flurry of precise movement, Lor San Tekka was cut down by the crackling red blade. Before FN-2187 could even think, even begin to process what just happened, he suddenly heard someone cry out, and saw a flash of blue from a blaster. A second voice cried out, higher this time-the woman's?- and Ren twisted around quickly, shoving the woman to the side and out of the way of the blast heading straight for her. He shot out his hand, freezing the blaster bolt in place. The woman-now strewn in the sand after being shoved away-seemed to sag slightly, and looked up at the sky as if saying a small prayer, possibly relieved? Her hood fell back, revealing long dark hair worn down, a braid barely visible in the flickering light. FN-2187 looked away from the woman, and stared at the bolt, frozen in place and crackling menacingly Two troopers ran across the sands of the village past Ren and the remains of Lor Tekka, to where the shot came from. To a man with dark curly hair and a brown flight jacket stood frozen in place, handsome face twisted in shock and horror. His body twitched and spasmed, exerting whatever effort he could in attempt to escape Ren’s mysterious hold. The troopers were dragging the man roughly past the blaster bolt, still frozen in the air. As they passed it, the man stared at in morbid fascination, not quite scared but clearly nervous at the very least. He didn't struggle. He very likely couldn't. Ren had some power that Stormtroopers like FN-2187 couldn't begin to understand, but the stories were murmured and passed by whispers in the barracks. The troopers yanked the man over and roughly threw him to his knees before Ren, who didn't seem to care about him at the moment. The tall, menacing masked man turned away from the troopers and watched as a silver-clad trooper bent down, offering a hand to the woman who was beginning to stand from when Ren shoved her aside. The woman glared at Captain Phasma, and smacked her hands away. She scowled at both Phasma and Ren, standing on her own and dusting off the sand from her robes. Ren gazed at the woman a moment longer, seeming to hesitate over something, and turned away from her, robes ripping through the air with the force of his spin. The air grew tense, and Kylo stormed closer to the attacker. FN-2187 felt dearly sorry for the shooter. He had no idea who he was, but to shoot at someone who was probably special to Kylo Ren? It didn't take much to end up dead at Ren’s hands, so this may just be the last thing the man ever does… The shooter however, didn't seem concerned at all about the current situation. He glared back at Ren with a cocky bravery before shrugging, opening his mouth and- “Who talks first? Do you talk first? Do I talk first?” Finn had to struggle to hold in a groan and resist slapping a hand to his face. This idiot was going to die. The woman in black robes apparently was having the same problem; she turned away from Ren and the shooter quickly, her face twisting as she tried to hold back a laugh. Ren glanced over his shoulder for a split moment, and turned back to the shooter, who was looking proud of himself, an attractive smirk growing on his face- probably for making the enemy laugh. “A Resistance pilot, by the look of him,” Ren said to the troopers who were holding the pilot still, ignoring the resistance pilot’s questions, and him entirely by the looks of it. “Search him.” FN-2187 glowered at the two troopers- one, CR-5481, was a notorious asshole to other stormtroopers in his own squad. He was awful to everyone, assaulting people for the slightest reasons and on more than one occasion has tried to usurp Phasma’s position. So far the tall woman has repelled all of his attacks with little difficulty. FN-2187 grimaced, thinking back to a time when Slip defended him when CR-5481 and his buddies decided to make him their victim of the day. Slip yelled at him afterwards for not kicking the guy right off the Finalizer, something he was plenty capable of doing. If CR-5481 was like that with his comrades he could hardly imagine what he would be like with his enemies. Turns out FN-2187’s suspicions weren't without reason- CR-5481 less searched the pilot and more just hit him repeatedly, smacking him with enough force that the man winced and tried to pull away. FB-2774 however just scanned him quietly, ignoring CR-5481’s brutal ‘frisking’ in favour of the more effective scanner. “Nothing, sir.” FB-2774 reported dutifully. CR-5481 nodded, looking almost disappointed. “Same, sir. He's clean.” FB-2774 looked to Ren, cocking his head slightly. “Shall I terminate him, sir?” FN-2187 rolled his eyes, grateful that no one could see his face. He was tempted to smack him the next time he walked past him while either were on patrol. The woman glanced over at FN-2187, and dramatically rolled her eyes, smirking at him quickly. FN-2187 coughed lightly to conceal his laugh. Laughing… he couldn't believe he was actually laughing. He just watched his friend die and Ren murder an old defenceless man. He felt sick. Guilty for feeling anything at all, when his friend lay dead not ten feet from him. He looked straight ahead, trying to ignore the concern on the woman's face. He visibly winced when he met the eyes of the mother, who was glowering at FN-2187 with an untameable rage. She was breathing so heavily her entire frame quivered. FN-2187 closed his eyes tight, but it didn't help, he could still see the mothers enraged expression burned into his memory. She was right to be angry. He was laughing while she suffers here… When he finally forced his eyes open again, he two troopers were dragging the pilot to one of the shuttles, away from Ren when Captain Phasma spoke up. “Sir, the villagers?” She asked, her tone careful and expecting. FN-2187 froze, focusing solely on Ren at that moment. What would he say? Why was this even a question, obviously they would release them! These people had done nothing- “Kill them all.” FN-2187 watched in horror as the people he had trained with- grown up with- shot down the innocent villagers, unable to do so himself. Screams were cut short. Wails died in an instant. Only the sickening sound of bodies dropping could be heard now. FN-2187 lowered his weapon, and turned to Ren, who was striding to his shuttle, glancing back at the villagers-at him. They stared at each other a moment, before Ren continued into his shuttle. FN-2187 gaze flitted around the destroyed village, without purpose or meaning, just on autopilot, his eyes froze on the woman from before. Her eyes were haunted. Her mouth hung open, tears welling up and flooding down her face as she gaped at the horrific massacre that lay before her. A Stormtrooper approached her, and urged her to go to the shuttle, but she didn't move. She didn't respond to the storm trooper in the slightest. The woman just sobbed, unable to rip her eyes away from the bodies that littered the ground. Women. Children. Young. Old. No one was safe from the First Order. FN-2187 could not blame the woman for being paralysed by the scene that lay before them. He was probably looking nearly the same, although his helmet hid his own tears and alarm. Her pain wasn't hidden. It was out in the open, for all to see. The Stormtrooper beside her shifted awkwardly, hesitating to reach a hand out and touch the mourning woman. Like before, she slapped it away, more harshly now than with Phasma before. She took a deep, shuddering breath and turned, locking eyes with FN-2187 once again. Her petrified expression melted into something… something else. Something like determination. Chapter 2 Summary: This chapter is shorter than the first, but I really do feel like it's complete, I don't want to ruin it stretching it out. Thank you to everyone who's read chapter one! I'm so glad everyone is enjoying this! This chapter is in Rey's POV! Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) This wasn't supposed to happen. The only things she could hear were the burning of Tuanul, the confirmations that each villager was dead as troopers kicked their bodies over shooting whoever still was unfortunate enough to have survived the first round… and the damn Stormtrooper who was trying to comfort her. “Lady Ren… what's wrong? Are you looking for someone? Can I be of any assistance?” He asked, only fanning her rage. She was sorely tempted to punch him. He hadn't even done anything, but it didn't matter. She was angry, he was there. She didn't need his comfort. She needed answers. She needed to get out of this cold. Cold? She looked at her leather-clad hands, and was stunned to see them trembling. Rey knew what this was. She would not give into the cold, creeping sensation she could feel beginning to reach out for her, engulf her whole. Rey tried to focus on relaxing, on steadying her rapid breathing. Breathe in, breathe out. Breathe in- “Burn the bodies.” No! Why?! Why burn them?! What harm could they do, slaughtered like animals?! Simple respect! Was that really such a foreign concept to these soldiers?! Rey suddenly felt sick to her stomach. Absolutely everything about this was wrong. She shook with rage, eyes wide in fury as she pictured avenging the fallen innocents- This wasn't going to work. She couldn't calm down like this. She only felt stronger. It was so tempting to stay and allow the dark to hold her. It was sickening. How could she... She watched as Stormtroopers set the little remains of the village ablaze-overkill. Ridiculous, unnecessary, painful overkill. Why burn it? What was the point? Other than to ensure that no life would flourish in this place. Rey grimaced, biting her lip hard enough she could taste the metallic taste of blood in her mouth. How could she feel so empowered in the face of this atrocity?! “My Lady? Is there something wrong?” She could feel him reaching towards her. Reaching out a concerned hand to ease her discomfort. “Shall I get-” ‘Oh shut up!!’ Rey whirled on the Stormtrooper, and slapped his hand away, reaching out with the Force to roughly shove him aside. She didn't particularly care that he cried out in shock as he fell back into the coarse sand. She knew she'd probably find him later to apologise, when the guilt of such a pointless action became too much to bare. For now however, all she needed was for him to get the hell out of the way. She wanted to get off this damned, wretched planet. Now. She wanted to stop feeling this way, she wanted to be disgusted. Not… Not satisfied. Rey stalked toward the dark shuttle, determined to get off this planet even if it meant piloting the damn shuttle herself. As she made her way to the shuttle, she could feel eyes on her, feel someone watching her. She turned to the source, intending to throw whoever dared to irritate her when she could feel her control slipping, but she felt the cold grip on her freeze, and loosen. A lone Stormtrooper stood there, staring at her. His blaster held loosely in his hand, a bloodly handprint smeared across his helmet. The same trooper as before. Rey couldn't help but stare at him, curiosity quickly overwhelming her to take a peak. Just a little one. He'd never know. Rey reached out with the force, gently touching his mind, eager to see what was inside. He fascinated her, and earlier she'd even tried to interact with him, so clearly new and unwilling to fight. Disgust. Regret. Anger. Fear. Nothing that caught her interest really. These things were unusual, in a Stormtrooper, sure. But she already knew these things existed in this one. She could tell that without having to probe and search his mind. There was something else. Something that made her really stop in her tracks and feel a touch of warmth she hadn't known in four years. Rebellion. “My lady?” She turned to the source of the voice- a commanding officer standing before her, unease rippling off him. At least pretend to not be scared of her. Rey felt her anger burst again, and the cold again gripped at her very being. Her eyes narrowed, she needed to get away from them. From everyone. Rey forced her way passed the commanding Stormtrooper who stood between her and him. Man of the kriffing hour. The reason she wanted to punch a hole through someone's head. At least… part of the reason. Kylo Ren sat quite still, staring down at his clenched fists. His posture was anything but natural, stiff and statuesque. Upon hearing her loud stomping approach, he looked up at her, through that blasted mask. His shoulders slumped, his hands relaxed instantly and she approached him. She could hear him take a breath, begin to speak, but she wasn't quite ready to listen at the moment. The cold was getting to be too much, she needed to let it out somehow. She needed heat. “Kylo Ren.” She snarled, trying to ignore his hands that wrapped around her wrists gently. Gentle wouldn't do. “You promised!” She spat, tearing her hands away from him. He didn't get to be gentle right now. She didn't want that. She needed friction. Rey couldn't have gentle. Not after what just happened. Not after what he's done this time. He's gone too far. And she’ll be damned if she doesn't say something about it. He retracted his hands, and she could feel his gaze on her, though she could not see his eyes. “Take off the mask.” She snapped, fury dripping from her voice. He didn't move to obey her command. He just sat still, watching her quietly. She knew he could feel it, the cold rippling off her body, a cold he knew too well. “Rey… were you hurt?” His voice nearly didn't register in the voice modulator. Rey’s hands clenched, and her glare narrowed. “I can take care of myself Ren!” Rey snarled, trying to hold onto her rage. Not let it die. It warmed her, it was what was fending off this wrong feeling that tried to worm its way into her. She wouldn't let him calm her this time. She needed this. He looked up at her face, nodding slightly. He extended his arms again, taking a tender hold of her hands. Ren was trying to calm her. He was trying to calm them both. She could feel his hands shaking- with what though, she couldn't be bothered to think of right now. She didn't care if he was angry or scared right now. Not after the slaughter he just ordered. “Yes, I know. I just-” “Shoved me aside! When someone shot at you!” Kylo twitched then, his hands clenching slightly, nowhere near hard enough to hurt her though.“I could have stopped that blast and you damn well know it!” Kylo stood at this, towering over her. Rey wasn't short by any means, this man was simply too tall. She was sorely tempted to cut him down a few inches. Even if she regretted it later, she had an eerie feeling that it would satisfy her now. “Shot at me? Rey. It wasn't me that the Resistance pilot shot at.” He snarled, voice raising slightly. Rey scoffed, and ripped her hands from his grip. If he thought she was going to be intimidated he had another one coming. She was no First Order minion, nor was she just a Stormtrooper. She was not replaceable like they were. She is more, and Kylo knew she was. Rey turned away and stormed to the other side of the shuttle, annoyed that she couldn't get further away from him as long as she was trapped inside this kriffing shuttle. She didn't want to feel this way. Rey hated this burning cold she could feel haunting her. It felt wrong. Like she was being stained. He couldn't see her like this. “Rey.” She ignored him. The modified, mechanical voice wasn't what she wanted to hear. If he wanted her attention, he was losing the damn helmet. Rey would not argue with a monster in a mask. She stared intently at the wall of the shuttle, eyes boring into the sleek metal. Suddenly she could hear shuffling of robes, and heavy footsteps. He stood before her, looming above like some monster come to take her. But she wouldn't look. No. Not this time. He would not make her forget again. This time she was serious about her rage. Even if she hated what came with it. She would not forget what he has done. She honestly couldn't. This time it wasn't just one person who he cut down without thinking… Kriff she could still hear the screaming. And just an old man... “Rey.” He knelt down, on his knees before her. She twitched, tempted to turn to face him. So tempted… He could distract her. Kylo Ren could distract her from the voices she could still hear. From the sorrow that she could feel staining the force around her. From this cold darkness crawling up her spine… He was so close… yet as long as that voice spoke to her, she would continue to ignore him. She inhaled sharply, feeling his leather clad-fingers graze over her arms gently. Why is he so kriffing gentle with her…? “Rey please… look at me. Tell me why you are upset.” He murmured in a voice so soft it didn't catch on the modulator. It was just his voice. Just his. She glanced at him out of the corner of her eyes, and then down at his hands, which now held hers tenderly. “....Stop taking my hand.” She muttered, trying to keep the firm edge to her voice and failing miserably. He chuckled quietly, voice distorted by the modulator. “Is that really what you want?” Rey turned on him them, facing him fully with a sudden burst of rage she hadn't expected to feel at that moment. She felt urged on, forced to act so rashly. “What I want, is for you to keep your promises!” She seethed, lurching forward. She was close enough that her breath fogged the cool metal of Kylo's helmet. She could see her eyes in the reflection of the black tinted glass that separated their eyes. She looked wild, and felt resent flow into her. She didn't want this. She didn't want Rage to be this common a feeling. Especially not with him. “You promised I would never return to this wasteland! And yet here we are!” Her own personal hell and he decided to bring her along. She could hear his sharp intake of breath, a low swallow that the helmet nearly hid. But Rey was so focused on him there's no way she wouldn't have heard it. “And ordering them to kill those people?! Are you kidding me?!” “You know I didn't want to that.” “That doesn't change that you did Kylo!” She screeched, suddenly wanting to hit him. To knock the kriffing mask off his face and punch him as hard as she could. “They would have killed them anyway Rey.” His voice was cold, trying to contain his own rage before he turned it on her. She wanted that. Rey could feel something in her burn, promising to ease the unease and cold she felt. “You ordered it Kylo!” She shrieked, feeling more and more warm as she spoke. “Their deaths are on YOU! Not Phasma, not the troopers, you.” She could feel him shudder, see him turn away as if she did hit him. Why did she say that?… she knows it's not true. Not completely. Suddenly Rey felt an overwhelming sense of calm being forced onto her mind- like a smothering blanket was tossed onto her body. She looked up at Kylo and snarled. “Don't you dare.” She screeched, pushing back with her rage. He would not force her to be calm. He was going to sit and listen to her scream. He did this, he made her this angry. He wasn't going to avoid responsibility by smothering the flames of her outrage. She could handle this without his help. She could feel him retreat, pull away and allow her wrath to burn without any interference. “You promised me you would stay with me!” She screamed, not caring that the Stormtroopers around standing dutifully by the shuttle doors shifted uncomfortably. Damn them! If they dared to speak about this outside this shuttle or complain she wouldn't save them from Kylo. “I had to come here Rey. It was important-” No. NO! No more of these excuses! She couldn't bare to hear them. She never would, but damn it was tempting. “And then you left me! Alone! To go kill some old man! What was so kriffing important?! What was so important-” “A map to Skywalker.” Rey froze, lips still parted in mid sentence. She stared at him, waiting. Waiting for something. Kylo remained silent, waiting for her to make the next move. “Skywalker…? The Jedi?” She forced out finally. Kylo nodded, taking her hands in his much larger ones. “I'm sorry…. I'm so sorry I left you. I meant to be quicker. I thought you wouldn't want to leave the shuttle.” His thumbs traced circles across her hands. Rey watched them quietly, thinking over his apology. Trying to decide if she should accept it. “I'm sorry I brought you at all, I know I told you we'd never have to return. I… I had to go. I had to find the last piece of the map to him. Please understand. And I couldn't leave you alone.” “I'm not a child, Kylo.” She snapped, voice still soft. He shook his head. “I know.” Kylo stared down at the ground between them a moment, sitting back on his heels. He took a deep breath, wide shoulders rising with the inhale. “...I wanted you there for my own sake.” He looked up, and Rey was again disappointed that the helmet kept her from meeting his eyes. “I was selfish. Please, Rey, forgive me…” Rey tried to breathe easy, deep inhale- hold- exhale. Deep inhale. She squinted, trying to see through the dark of his mask. “I'm not forgiving you until I see your face.” Her voice was tired, resigned. Kylo looked over at the Stormtroopers, and barked out a command that had them jumping out of their skin and quickly turning away from the two. Kylo turned back to Rey, and released her hands carefully, reaching up to his helmet, and removed it. Rey sighed, finally able to see his eyes. Dark eyes that held no malice. Kylo stared at her, lips twisting. He was trying to hide his expression from her, like she didn't know already that he wanted to beg her for forgiveness. Rey knew him well. For the past four years she'd been by his side. Kylo could try to hide his fears from her, but she knew him well enough to see past the attempt at keeping his pride. “Was that really so hard?” Kylo nearly smiled at her exasperated tone, leaning his face into her palms as she held him, eyes sliding closed. “Nothing worth having is easy.” He mumbled, finally his voice clear from the distortion of the mask. Rey smiled sadly at him, though he couldn't see it. “Not with that attitude.” At that he let out a small chuckle, and looked up at her. “Is there any way you will forgive me?” Rey was quiet. Staring into his dark eyes. They were so clouded… he could see nothing but her at this moment, and Rey couldn't… see anything at all. This man was her whole world. She twisted her fingers into his long hair, a mess from being pressed into that mask for so long. Kylo has been her everything for four long years. She smiled at him, hoping he didn't see the sadness in her eyes. “You're lucky I'm very forgiving.” He smiled then, leaning into her touch. “I'm lucky for many reasons,” He pressed his hand over hers cupping it to his face and turning to kiss her palm. “Most of them involving you.” Rey swallowed thickly, tracing her thumb over one of the dark spots that freckled his face. “...did you get the map?” Kylo froze, his eyes turning cold and angry. His jaw clenched and she could feel his tongue smooth over his teeth- a habit he had for who knows how long. “No.” Rey released the breath she didn't know she was holding, and bit her lip slightly, trying to hide her relief from his eyes. “But don't worry.” He continued, his tone too smooth, too quiet. “I'm going to get it very soon.” Rey was silent, threading her fingers through his hair and pulling him close. She touched her forehead to his, feeling the warmth of his pale skin against hers. He closed his eyes again, seeming to enjoy the contact. But Rey did not shut her eyes. She couldn't. She had given him her forgiveness so easily. In truth it was not him she was angry with. It was bigger than him. What hurt her was how easily he agreed to the dirty work that was entrusted to him. She traced the shapes of his face with her eyes, greedily burning his every feature to her memory. Every beauty spot, mole, the shape of his nose, his eyelashes, the texture of his hair beneath her fingers. The sound of his soft breathing… She wanted to memorise everything about him, every detail. No one else knew this face. No one other than him at least. She wanted to treasure it for as long as she could. She wanted that warmth again. Rey desperately prayed to whoever would listen. The Maker, the Force itself… it didn't matter. She prayed that Kylo would forgive her as easily as she had forgiven him. Notes: What did you all think? Please let me know if I have any mistakes, as English isn't my first language. My Beta does a wonderful job catching most of my mistakes, but just in case! FYI: Rey is called Lady Ren by anyone who knows her, but she's pretty much always guarded by Kylo so most Stormtroopers don't know much about her. Chapter 3 Summary: Thank you to everyone who's read this so far! Especially those who commented and left kudos! I'm so glad you're enjoying this so far!! If I make any mistakes please be sure to let me know! English is not my first language, and I have a Beta but just in case we missed anything! This chapter starts out Finn's POV, and then ends with Kylo's. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) ‘Almost there, almost…’ FN-2187 was beginning to hyperventilate, the air circulating the shuttle was warm and stale-he needed fresh air, he needed to take off this helmet. Why was the transport moving so damn slowly?! He needed to get off this shuttle, he needed to get out right now! He was suffocating in here, surrounded by his com… no… surrounded by murderers. The second the troop transports safely landed in the Docking Bay of the Finalizer, FN-2187 pushed to the front of the group of surviving troopers in his shuttle, muttering quick apologies to them as he maneuvered his way to the slowly descending ramp. He could feel a putrid warmth rushing up his throat, his mouth watering in anticipating. He needed to get off this transport-away from the others. Finally, the ramp landed with a loud metallic clang and he rushed from his squad to the nearest waste container. He wrenched off his filthy helmet and with a gagging cough he vomited. His mouth tasted bitter, and burned with the acid from inside him. Coughing, he stood and tried to breathe slowly, to take in the clean air the Finalizer provided. It didn’t help-after a few slow breaths he felt bile ascending again and quickly leaned over to release whatever was left in his stomach. This wasn’t helping… He still felt sick, FN-2187’s skin was crawling in his armour, sweat and tears pouring from his face. A few other Stormtroopers passing by him patted his back sympathetically, figuring he was still reeling from the excitement of his first mission. A few laughed and tried to console him, telling him that on their first missions they had thrown up as well after killing a few ‘enemies’. FN-2187 nodded at their words, trying to accept their comfort as truth- No way was he disgusted by his orders, he couldn’t be. His mission, his orders, his training… They were his everything. The First Order, his Stormtrooper career, they are his entire life. For as long as he could remember he and his friends had trained for exactly this kind of mission. He was literally raised to be the weapon of the First Order. It was just nerves. It was just because it’s his first time outside a simulation. It was his first time seeing people actually die. The first time he ever truly lost a comrade. That had to be it. He was just still reeling from losing FN-2003. No, not FN-2003. He had a name. Slip. It had to be that. The shock of his loss. If it was anything else… He shuddered at the thought of what his superiors would do if they discovered how he felt. If they had any idea of the guilt he felt. The anger he could feel simmering just under his skin. He squeezed his eyes shut, trying to ignore the flashes of red he could still see shooting across the dark sky. The red flames that burned the village to the ground. He pressed his hands over his ears to try and shut out the screaming he could still hear. Suddenly his lungs burned, he couldn’t breathe-he couldn’t help them. He should have stopped them, he should have- “FN-2187.” FN-2187 jumped out of his skin at the sound of the cold, authoritative voice he knew so well. He quickly stood straight and turned to face Captain Phasma, looking every bit the trained soldier he was…Or at least that he was supposed to be. Looking at her, incredibly tall and clad in chrome armour, FN-2187 had to resist trembling. He had never been intimidated by her before, Captain Phasma was never a figure to be feared. She was a good leader… She… she was a fair superior. So why? Why was the sight of her now causing goosebumps to rise on his skin? Why did the sight of her officer’s cape sent shivers down his spine? “Please, FN-2187,” she began her voice clearly making him aware that whatever she was about to request was no request at all-it was an order. “Submit your blaster for inspection. I understand you had some difficulty with it during the mission.” FN-2187 looked down at the weapon in his hands-the weapon that he did not fire when Phasma had given the order back at Tuanul. She wasn’t supposed to know that he didn’t kill anyone… FN-2187 had hoped that no one would notice. It wasn’t like his companions needed his assistance, it was beyond overkill even without his addition. He had to tear his eyes away from the weapon. He couldn’t bear to look at it any longer, the memory of the mother and child he pointed it at previously was burned into his mind. “Yes, Captain.” He replied dutifully, his training having beaten into him that there is only one response appropriate to use when speaking to a superior. She didn’t leave. She didn’t move. Phasma continued to stare down at FN-2187, and he couldn’t help but swallowed thickly, worried that she knew. Terrified that Phasma had some idea of the new sense of free will that was blossoming inside him. “And who gave you permission to remove your helmet?” FN-2187 quickly snatched up his helmet from the floor where he had dropped it before retching. He tried not to really look at it- ignore the blood dried across the face and dust and sand staining the white. FN-2187 pulled it on, forcing himself to not focus on what blocked part of the Silver strormtrooper from his view. “Sorry, Captain.” “Report to my division at once, FN-2187.” Phasma commanded, before turning and striding away. FN-2187 nodded to no one, panic setting in. Phasma must know, there’s no way she didn’t. He thought he could hide these divergent thoughts, work around them, but if Phasma knew, or had some idea, there was no way he’d be able to hide them for long. The First Order had no tolerance for disobedience. They would treat him exactly as they had the innocent villagers he just very nearly participated in slaughtering. FN-2187 slowly walked through the hanger, thinking of what else he could do, what options he had, there was no way he could stay. After his failure at Tuanul he would be under close watch. He wouldn't be able to sit out of the next mission. He would be forced to kill. There had to be something else… FN-2187 glanced over at the docked TIE Fighters as he left the bay. Maybe he could make this work. ---- Kylo knew that he was taking too long to return to the Finalizer. He ordered the pilot to take his time returning them to the Star Destroyer. He didn't want to go back to the Finalizer quite yet. Just a little longer… Not when Rey was dragging her fingers through his hair, massaging his scalp lazily. He could stay like this for hours, kneeling before her, head in her lap. When she was here he was calm. Everything hurt less. His regrets haunted him a little less. Alas, all good things must come to an end. The shuttle shook as it began its landing procedures. “Sir, we've arrived.” Kylo opened his eyes at this, turning to see the interior of the Finalizer Docking Bay slowly replacing the black emptiness of space. He sighed heavily, causing her to chuckle softly. Kylo didn't want this to end. He buried his face in Rey’s lap. “Kylo…” He knew it was childish, but he couldn't bare to be apart from her for even a moment. He could feel her hands freeze, and hold him tighter. She must feel the same. He hated to keep ‘them’ secret, to keep their public affection to a minimum. Kylo wanted nothing more than to hold her without worrying about someone seeing. It was nearly painful to have her so close without being able to just reach out and touch her. He treasured these moments when he could just lean into her touch. But he had to hold back. If the wrong person saw his weakness, saw how weak he was to Rey… it would only place her in more danger. He couldn't risk it. Even if she insisted that she could handle it. To a degree she was right of course. Rey was a terrifying force of nature when she truly wanted to be. She had given him a run for his money on several occasions. Kylo couldn't bring himself to allow her to place herself in harm's way. Not for such a selfish reason. Kylo wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her closer. She was so warm… Her earlier chill had thawed, and the crisp air between them turned soothing. Kylo was in so much turmoil, even long before that day seven years ago… only Rey helped him. With her he wasn't alone anymore. She understood the agonising pull of the light and dark sides of the Force, and she helped to soothe the pain it brought. He tried to do the same for her. Distract her from the pain. He knew she could feel it, the goosebumps across her skin gave her away. He held her tighter, squeezing her tightly for a moment in an attempt to warm her. To keep her from that cold. Rey grumbled in protest, apparently not as comfortable in their current position as he was. Kylo laughed softly, loosening his arms around her slightly to accommodate her. The ship hummed softly, and the metallic sound of the wings folding in their landing was easily heard in the quiet of the shuttle. He looked over to see the pilot smoothly completing the landing process, and reaching for a checklist. The second they safely came to a full stop in the hanger of the Finalizer, Rey pulled away from Kylo, ripping her hands from his hair and gently pushing him up from her lap. He tried to hold onto her, to keep her held close to him, for just a moment longer. “Come on, Kylo…” He looked up at her sun-kissed face, but she wouldn't meet his eyes. She was turned away, to face the door of the shuttle. Kylo knows she hates it. He knows that she hates the hiding, being nothing more than a shadow behind him. The fact that any that did know of her existence only know her as his apprentice didn't help much. No one even knows her real name but a very select, and trusted few. And Hux. What else could he do? While yes, she's certainly strong enough to thrash anyone who even dared try to harm her, what if she made a mistake? What if she couldn't reach him? What if he was too far away to help her? Rey seemed to sense his overworking mind. Hell, she could probably see his concern and frustration right on his face. Kylo hadn't yet replaced his mask, and he knew very well his face was too easy to read. He needed to put it back on. She reached out, touching his arm lightly, a small smile on her face. A sad smile. Why was she sad? What made Rey upset? Could he fix it? He opened to his mouth to speak, but she cut him off. “Kylo. The mask.” She murmured, sad smile still on her face, trying to stretch into something more realistic. He picked up the heavy metal helmet, and held it in his hands a moment, staring intently at Rey's fake smile. “What's wrong?” Her smile faltered a moment, but she refused to let it fall completely. “Why does something always have to be wrong?” She laughed, voice strained. “Such the pessimist!” Something was definitely wrong. Rey has always been a terrible liar. She's always forward in her actions and intentions. Despite everything, all she has been through, she's never had a reason to lie. “Rey, please, was it me? Are you upset about what happened on Jak-” “The ramp is lowering. Put on the kriffing helmet Kylo, before the troopers see your lovely non-regulation locks.” Rey teased, pulling a few strands of his hair playfully. “Imagine the complaints! The outrage!” Her laugh was soothing, but he couldn't figure her out. Kylo didn't want to lose eye contact, but she was right. The ramp was lowering. Soon all of Finalizer would be able to see them. He stood up, and pulled on the helmet, locking it in place. Rey watched him, her hazel eyes watching him, but she was elsewhere. Her smile fell, leaving only a mournful expression that tore at Kylo’s heart. He reached out to pull Rey to him, to try and comfort her somehow. But she pulled away, startling him. “Kylo, I…” she started, eyes low, avoiding his face. She took a deep breath, and smiled at him, honey eyes heart-shattering. Her smile was a painful lie, agonising in a way that didn't suit her. It wrenched at his very being to see the sorrow in her eyes. He could feel her misery. But why? Why wouldn't she let him help her? “I'm sorry, it's nothing. Don't worry about it.” Kylo didn't believe her for a second, but knew better than to argue. Right now at least. With his helmet in place and Stormtroopers standing in formation waiting for them to disembark she would never talk about anything that made her seem vulnerable. Getting her to talk was hard enough even when alone. Rey had always been the ‘suffer in silence type’. Not that he had any room to talk. “This isn't over Rey. When it's just us, please?” He asked, knowing that she was listening despite her pretending otherwise. “I hope you will tell me what's bothering you later.” Rey glanced over at him, as she picked up a long staff from the bench. “... Alright. Later. When it's just us.” Satisfied for now, Kylo strode off the shuttle where a skittish lieutenant stood waiting for them. He was nervous and couldn't seem to stand still, which was anything but good. Clearly he had bad news to deliver and drew the short straw in having to deliver it. The Stormtroopers stood at attention around them, waiting for directions. “Sir, General Hux requests that you interrogate the prisoner.” The lieutenant said quickly, voice shaking. He clearly wanted to get this over with. Did they seriously need him already? It hasn't been nearly long enough to call him to pry information from the pilot they captured on Tuanul. “I find it hard to believe that in the course of an hour you tried everything you could to get the pilot talking.” The lieutenant opened his mouth to speak, “Are you questioning my orders Ren?” The lieutenant sighed with relief, turning to face a tall man with red hair and prim uniform appeared then, two Stormtroopers behind him. He looked too put together, too fake. Not a hair was out of place. He strode over to Kylo, face pinched and already Kylo wanted to hit him. Or at least knock him off his feet a bit. “Perhaps General. I was unaware that your forces were so incapable. I would have thought that they could handle a single resistance pilot.” Kylo responded, focusing his rage into something he knew would ruffle Hux’s artificially tamed feathers; insults on his precious army. Hux puffed out his chest slightly, dragging in a dragging breath through his gritted teeth. Kylo smirked beneath his mask, waiting for whatever attempt at a comeback Hux would throw his way, when Hux froze. After a moment of silence, the general sneered, glaring past Kylo. Looking down, at Rey? Kylo sidestepped, trying to stay between Hux and his Rey. Hux was just a bug to Rey, as harmless as he was to her, but he didn't like the way the obnoxious and arrogant general looked at her. Rey was his. “I think that my armies should be of little importance to you.” Hux snapped, leering back up at Kylo. Arrogance replaced the grim indignation and Kylo could feel something flare up in the general. “Oh my. It appears you've lost something, Ren.” Lost something? Lost what? He was wearing his mask… he gently touched the belt at his waist, feeling for his lightsaber. He still had it, so what- WAIT. He didn't need to look to know, but he was damned well going to anyway. Kylo whirled around, robe flaring up behind him as he moved. Rey had vanished. Kylo couldn't breathe, he looked around, desperate to find her. No. No no no NO NO NO! Where would she go?! Why would she leave him?! “Oh my! Look at the little rat go, she's certainly a fast one Ren! Is that a skill she picked up when she rummaged through garbage on Jakku?” Ignore him. He had to ignore Hux. He'd avenge Rey’s honour later, when she was safe beside him once again. Scanning the crowd carefully, he spotted a head of long brown hair dart through a group of officers. “REY!” His bellow startled everyone around him, a few officers even made a break for it, not willing to be the ones he released his rage upon. Kylo moved to chase after her, shoving aside the Stormtroopers and officers in his way with ease. When he was just about to break into a sprint to give full chase, a hand reached out and snagged his shoulder. Hux’s hand. “What in the name of the Maker are you doing, Ren?” Kylo could hear his grin in his voice. “Funny, I figured someone with your intelligence could tell exactly what I was doing general. I strongly recommend you release me.” He growled, not bothering to look at the ginger haired man, instead searching- scanning the crowd for a head of loose brown hair. Before he lost her again. Where is she? Why did she run?! She's never done this before. Rey wouldn't leave him unless it was important… Right? He could feel himself breathing heavily, hear it through his mask. Hux strutted around to stand before Kylo, looking up at him as if Kylo were nothing but a stain on his precious ship. Where did she go, what did he do wrong? She forgave him didn't she? Maybe he didn't do enough to apologise. “Might I remind you who you are talking to, Ren?” He seethed through clenched teeth. Kylo couldn't see her anymore- she vanished, hidden somewhere on the ship. He tried to relax, try to focus, he reached out with the Force to try and find her. He needed to find her. “Ren, I recommend you stop acting like a child and actually pay attention for once. This is my ship. I won't hesitate to remove you from it if you can show me the proper respect.” Hux snarled, not at all intimidated by Ren. Even if he should be. Kylo spun in place quickly, flinging out an arm to knock Hix’s hand off him painfully. The smaller man yelled, and retracted his arm, clutching his wrist. Good. He deserved some pain. That wasn't nearly enough of course, but it would have to do for now. Kylo leaned in so close that Hux stumbled back a step to get space between them. “Then do it General. Try to remove me. Please.” Hux’s lips pursed tightly and his blue eyes burned with fury. He opened his mouth to spit back something at the Knight of Ren, but Kylo ignored him. He passed the fuming general, knocking his shoulder into Hux as he did, nearly knocking the slender man to the floor. “As I thought. Now if you will excuse me General.” He hissed, still probing around the ship, feeling for Rey. He needed to see her, to make sure Rey was alright. “Phasma.” The silver Stormtrooper seemed to appear from nowhere, keeping pace with Kylo easily. “Yes, sir?” “My apprentice is missing. She's somewhere on The Finalizer. Find her.” "Of course, sir." Phasma nodded and then broke off from Kylo. He could hear her shouting orders at every Stormtrooper she passed, and soon patrols were sent in a flurry, rushing off to search for the Lady Knight of Ren. Rey, why did you run? If there was a problem she could have told him… if someone was bothering her, Kylo would remove them from. 'Don't worry Rey, whatever it is, we'll fix it.' Notes: I hate calling Finn FN-2187. I can't wait to get to when Poe gives him his name because every time I type 'FN-2187' a piece of me dies inside. Let me know if you guys like it! I had a surprisingly hard time with Kylo this chapter. Chapter 4 Summary: This has been in the works for days... and I'm still iffy on it. However my Beta has given it two thumbs up so UP IT GOES! If I have any mistakes, please let me know as English isn't my first language. This chapter is in Finn's POV. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) FN-2187 wandered the halls of the Finalizer aimlessly. Phasma has ordered for him to return to reconditioning after his failure on Jakku. He knew that it would be easier… so much easier to just go to reconditioning and allow them to remove this new feeling from him. It was his first offence, and Phasma vouched for his ability to the interrogators. It wouldn't be hard to just let them control him. FN-2187 sighed, exhausted. He was so tired… He didn't think that he could ever be the excited and eager soldier he once was. He would always see the agonised faces of the surrendering villagers when he closed his eyes. He would always hear their screams when it was quiet. He could already tell that his inability to help them would haunt him. A patrol of Stormtroopers raced past him, checking every nook and cranny as they flew by. FN-2187 nodded to them, not really paying attention to what they were saying to each other. He knew what he had to do. Well… to a degree. FN-2187 didn't have a plan laid out quite yet, but he knew his endgame- “There you are!!” FN-2187 was suddenly grabbed and yanked roughly into one of the small corridors that branched off the main hall of the Finalizer. It was cramped, only meant for minor repairs and a single technician. Anymore was severely uncomfortable- as FN-2187 was discovering now that he was shoved inside along with another person. The two squirmed a moment, adjusting to their new settings. FN-2187 looked at his assailant with wide eyes, shocked, confused, and if he was perfectly honest mildly offended. “What the he-” “Please be quiet. If we're caught we’ll both wind up dead.” He immediately froze, stunned to see that it was none other than the woman from the village- the one who looked just as furious as he felt in the face of the massacre. “Actually that's not quite right… they won't kill me. Kylo will scold me, and won't let me out of his sight for a while. Which would be incredibly patronising.” The one who was close with Kylo Ren. He felt his mouth go dry and his skin prickle under his armour. What did an associate of the Supreme Leader's Enforcers want with him?! There's no way that Phasma reported him! She vouched for him! Phasma supported him during his review! There's no way she suspected his plan! He still had time didn't he?! “FN-2187, please relax. You're starting to stress me out.” She turned to him, hazel eyes narrowed. Her Sun-kissed skin felt extremely out of place in the starship, a light dusting of freckles dotted her nose and the tips of her ears. She turned away from him, staring out at the main corridor, as if waiting to see if they would be followed. “What's going on?!” FN-2187 demanded, in a hushed voice. He had no real idea who this woman was-all he knew about her was that she was close with Ren, but even that was an assumption based on what he saw on Jakku. “What's going on is we're going to escape. I know you are trying to come up with a plan, so let's cut this short and work together.” “You're joking.” “Don't give me that, you've already decided to leave. I'm just offering my assistance.” The woman raised a brow and gave him a confident smirk. “Which at this point you severely need.” She...she wasn't far off from the truth. FN-2187 was planning on attempting an escape. But he didn't have a plan as of yet. Every feasible idea would be damn near impossible. “Alone maybe.” She said quickly, making FN-2187 wonder of he had spoken aloud. “Your plans, which one has the highest chance of success?” FN-2187 thought about her words a moment. He narrowed his eyes and shot her a glare. “Who are you?” If she honestly thought that he was going to tell her anything just like that, she had another one coming. They may be similar, but he still didn't know her. The question seemed to throw off the young woman, like she hadn't been expecting him to ask such a thing. She pursed her lips tightly a moment, and sighed. “My name is Rey.” She looked sadly back at the main corridor. “I'll gladly tell you more after we've gotten away safely, okay?” She asked, turning back to FN-2187. Her eyes were so sincere that he couldn't help but trust her. She was different from the others. That was clear from the moment they first locked eyes on Jakku. “Well then Rey. Can you fly a TIE fighter?” Rey brightened instantly, lips curling into a brilliant smile that FN-2187 could honestly say he'd never seen on anyone before. He supposed this wasn't unusual. Not many had reasons to smile here. “I've never flown one before but I've piloted shuttles and transports before so it can't be that hard.” Rey’s voice bubbled with excitement. FN-2187 shook his head, worried he'd affect her jubilance, but she didn't seem fazed by his worry. FN-2187 didn't exactly like the sound of that. She was eager beyond words but escape meant nothing if they both died because neither of them were capable of flying a TIE. “What about the resistance pilot?” He asked, thinking back to the handsome man Ren ordered be brought back to the Finalizer. Rey gave him an odd look, nose crinkling slightly. “The pilot?... he's probably capable. He's apparently the best in the Resistance. But that would make our escape twice as difficult. Kylo has already alerted patrols to watch for me, and Phasma is wary of you as it is.” FN-2187 knew about Phasma already, and he realised that the escape would be trickier with the pilot… what he didn't know was that this young woman was being actively hunted by every officer on board. “Kylo Ren is searching the ship for you...” FN-2187 muttered under his breath, before sighing in exasperation. His escape “plan” was going to be more ‘run for your lives’ than he initially thought. Rey shrugged nonchalantly. “I'm running away. I haven't exactly left him like this before, and I can feel him searching. I've been hiding myself from him but I don't know how long I can keep him in the dark.” She rambled, glancing back at the main corridor warily. “All the more reason to leave the pilot.” “We need to risk it.” Rey was stunned at his declaration. She was staring at his helmet with wide eyes, probably reconsidering her assistance. But she was talking crazy too, ‘feeling Ren searching for her’? Whatever that meant. She would have to explain that one later. “It's going to be close, but we can do it.” FN-2187’s voice was so confident that even he was convinced by it. Rey’s doubt seemed to ease a little, but she still looked nervous and wary. “Maybe… but…” FN-2187 put his hands on Rey's shoulders, suddenly feeling more self-assured than he ever had before. “Rey. We couldn't save those villagers. I know that you hated that too, that they were killed.” Rey flinched and stared straight ahead, eyes cold. “We couldn't help them, but we can still help him.” Rey turned her gaze up at him, and again it felt like she could see right through him. She smiled then, and shrugged. “Fine. It's a suicide mission either way. May as well make it more interesting.” She finally conceded. FN-2187 sighed and shook his head. “We need to discuss your pep talks later. They aren't exactly motivating.” Rey laughed at this, and shook her head. FN-2187 found himself smiling as well, something he didn't think he'd ever do again with his upcoming reconditioning. FN-2187 had the beginning of a plan. Well. Sort of. Calling it a plan was a stretch. But it was something. “I can get him. But it will be easier alone. Unless you're disguised or something.” “A disguise? Seriously?” Rey looked exasperated, looking down at her black robes. FN-2187 didn't see the problem. What she was wearing was elaborate and twisted tightly around her. There was no way that she'd be able to move quickly enough for what they needed to do. She glared up at FN-2187. “I can move fine thank you. Worry more about yourself.” She hissed, causing FN-2187 to raise his arms slightly in surrender. “Fine, fine. Okay then, I'll head over first to get the security badge for his cell.” Wait… how did she know? “You stay out of sight until I get to it, okay? People are going to be looking for you, and because you won't disguise yourself people will wonder if they see us together.” Rey nodded, smiling with excitement. “What about you? Will you be okay?” FN-2187 was quiet a moment at that… No one ever worried about him before. Worried about his work, his impact on the First Order, sure. But never him personally. He smiled under his helmet, a little overwhelmed and grateful she couldn't see his face. “Best thing about being a Stormtrooper- we never stand out in a crowd.” He said, voice unfortunately betraying his glee. He coughed to try covering it. “Can you hold your own in a battle?” Something dark flashed in Rey's eyes, and her lips twitched ever so slightly. “Trust me when I say if it comes to a fight I won't need any help.” Her voice sounded nearly mechanical, cold and unfeeling. It sent a shiver up FN-2187’s spine and he swallowed thickly. “Well then, stay close. In case something goes wrong I may need backup.” “You got it.” Rey squeezed past FN-2187, and stared at the smooth wall of repair hall they were cramped into a moment. She smoothed her hands over a panel, and then popped it off with quick, skilled fingers. “What are you doing?!” FN-2187 demanded, trying to keep his voice down. “Staying out of sight, obviously.” Rey rolled her eyes and began to slide into the internals of the ship, smoothly snaking her way in between two things that FN-2187 couldn't even begin to describe or explain-out of his jurisdiction and pay grade. Rey froze midway, and looked at FN-2187 curiously. “Do you know how to get to the prison block?” “Oh, kind of? I've only been there on patrols, never for work.” FN-2187 replied honestly. “That's fine, it's on the far left side of the ship. So head down this hall, turn right and then at the end of that hall go left.” He nodded, committing her words to memory. She slid completely into the ship, and vanished from sight. “Hurry up and go before you get caught!” He could hear her snap “...Yes ma'am?” He shut the panel quietly and started to worm his way out of the maintenance hall. As he made his way to freedom, he came face-to-face with another Stormtrooper “What are you doing?” FN-2187 froze, horrified that he was caught. He took a quick breath to steady his voice. “Searching for the girl, the one Ren wants.” He said, hoping that this excuse would do. That he wouldn't be questioned further, and most importantly that Rey was right in her information. The Stormtrooper stared at him a moment, and nodded to FN-2187’s relief. “Very well, however we've already searched this section. Go search the Multi-spectrum sensor towers with the others.” FN-2187 nodded quickly and strode past him, eager to hurry this plan along so he could get the hell off this ship. FN-2187 wasn't entirely familiar with the section of the ship where prisoners were held, having only passed through on patrols. His job never had him working here. Despite this, he had an idea of how the cells work and the process to get someone moved from a cell. It was considered part of basic training, in case an officer asked for a prisoner from the closest trooper. Which was often the case. FN-2187 turned left to enter the detention centre, but froze seeing Kylo kriffing Ren storming out of a prison cell. He shook, unable to stop his body from trembling at the sight of the dark robes grazing the ground as the man moved. He could hear it again-the screaming. The crying. The crippling sounds of dying innocents flooded his ears, echoed in his helmet. FN-2187 practically threw himself back around the corner, breathing heavily, the warm,recycled air in his helmet burning his lungs. He leaned slightly, peeking around the corner at Ren- Why isn't he leaving?! Ren was standing impossibly still, head slightly tilted as if he was listening for something. FN-2187 willed his heart to slow, to quiet down, to please, please be quiet. He knows it's irrational, but he felt as though Ren could hear his heart thunder in his chest. Ren was still another moment, before slowly continuing on his way, turning to leave the corridor. FN-2187 remained frozen in place, heart pounding. Where is she? Where was Rey? Was she okay? Was she safe? Ren wasn't still looking for her, was he? No. This is no time to focus on Rey. She said she could take care of herself, he would have to believe her. FN-2187 needed to focus on himself right now. “H-he's gone.” He stammered, to himself more than anyone else. FN-2187 stayed still, trying to breathe, to calm down. Ren is gone… Ren is gone. Finally catching his breath, FN-2187 stood, and stiffly walked to the closest door. FN-2187 entered the detention center control station, wearily eying the junior officer stationed there. A pang of pity struck FN-2187 as he carefully took in the officer's appearance. The young man looked beyond exhausted, eyes drooping as he struggled to stay awake. “Hey, need a break?” FN-2187 offered, hoping his voice wouldn't sound too eager or nervous. At first the junior Officer lit up, but he hesitated, looking at FN-2187 warily. “Um… Who sent you to take over?” He asked, biting his lip slightly. FN-2187 opened his mouth to respond, but couldn't think of what to say. He had no idea who worked in this section of the ship, or who had access. He couldn't claim Phasma wanted him to take over, Phasma would walk over herself. The young officer’s hand slowly inched across the panel he stood before, fingers reaching for a small red switch on the board. Rey suddenly dropped from the ceiling, startling both FN-2187 and the junior officer who opened his mouth to scream. Rey was inches from him in an instant, fingers ghosting over his temple. “You will hand over your security badge and leave your station.” Her voice was too calm, eerie in a way that sent a drenching cold rushing over FN-2187’s body. The junior officer’s eyes dimmed and his face smoothed to relax. “I will hand over my security badge and leave my station.” He said in an unfeeling, empty voice. He slowly handed over a small pass to Rey. Rey accepted the badge and gently pat the officer's head like some kind of pet. “You will go get some rest. You have done well today.” The officer nodded and walked past Rey. “I will go get some rest. I have done well today.” His face suddenly flooded with a grateful reverence and he nearly sprinted from the room. FN-2187 felt a pang of empathy for the exhausted officer. And a little guilty for what would most likely happen to him when this was all over. “... What was that?!” FN-2187 hissed. He only heard of Ren being capable of such acts, but here was Rey-manipulating the mind of a junior officer. “It doesn't matter, does it?” Rey sighed, looking back at FN-2187, eyes dark… haunted. “Rey?” She ignored his prompting. And approached him. “I'll explain later. We don't have the time. Now give me a lift back up to the air vent.” “.... I'm not going to ask.” FN-2187 sighed, shaking his head. He knelt down, fingers laced together as he allowed her to place a foot on them. He lifted her carefully, and she easily climbed back into the vent. “He’ll most likely be executed.” FN-2187 Muttered, looking over a holopad with a list of prisoners and their cell numbers. Rey poked her head out of the vent, gazing at him with careful eyes. “You care?” He glared up at her, furious. He was tempted to remove his helmet just so she could see his rage more clearly. “Of course I care! I can't do anything about it, Rey!” He hissed. “And you care too so don't you make me feel worse about this than I already do.” FN-2187 shook his head, and looked out of the room to see if the junior officer was out of sight. “Come on. Let's hurry this up.” Rey nodded and vanished into the vent, FN-2187 could just barely hear her shuffling through the ship above him. Seeing the man gone, he left the console and went in search of the cell he saw on the holopad. “This is it…” he murmured, standing before one of the cells. “Ready?” He could hear Rey whisper, but he didn't have the slightest idea where she was around him. “As I’ll ever be. Be prepared to back me up.” He passed the badge over the sensor, before hearing her confirmation. The cell door slid open, revealing a single stormtrooper. He was at attention, guarding the prisoner and ensuring the man would not escape. FN-2187 looked over the handsome, dark-haired Resistance pilot, secured to the menacing looking interrogation chair. His heart skipped a beat, and FN-2187 felt relief rush over him. The pilot was still alive-thank the maker. He appeared to have taken both a physical and mental beating, head hanging limp, blood dripping from his face. His body twitched slightly, spasmodic probably from the torture he had endured. FN-2187 tore his eyes from the pilot, to look at the guard. “Ren wants the prisoner,” the guard started to move, turning to free the pilot, but he froze and looked back at FN-2187. “Ren was just here,” he growled. “If he has more business with the prisoner he will come on his own.” FN-2187 wasn't going to lie, he had hoped that the mere mention of Ren’s name would send the Stormtrooper into action. This apparently wasn't going to be true, and he needed to stand his ground. He had no idea where Rey was, so she couldn't help him a second time. “I was ordered by Kylo Ren to bring the prisoner to him.” He snapped, allowing himself to sound as frustrated as he was. “It's not my job to ask him why he didn't deal with whatever it is while he was here.” The Stormtrooper rolled his shoulders, trying to intimidate FN-2187. “Well then, you'll just have to go tell Ren that he needs to do his business here.” FN-2187 was starting to panic. He could hear a vent back outside in the hall creak open, and Rey lightly shuffle out. Maybe she would use her magic trick again to help him? “If I go back empty handed Ren will kill me!” He hissed. The Stormtrooper wasn't moved. “Shame.” Rey pushed FN-2187 aside lightly, and glared at the other Stormtrooper. “Did you not hear him? Are you a complete moron? Since when do you not follow orders?!” She snarled, getting in the troopers face. The Stormtrooper stammered a moment, at a loss for words. “M-My lady, I'm sorry, I-” Rey held up a hand and FN-2187 braced in anticipation, expecting her to use her trick. “I don't care what your excuse is. When Kylo makes an order it's absolute! Did you learn nothing in your training?! What's your number- I will be sure to report this to Phasma immediately.” FN-2187 was mildly disappointed that Rey didn't repeat her little trick, but went to stand beside the Resistance pilot waiting for the trooper to release the metallic shackles holding him upright. Oh thank the maker he's okay… well… as okay as he can be. Kylo Ren’s interrogation skills were often used as a last resort, so the pilot had resisted torture for who knows how long. The pilot opened his eyes, and glared at FN-2187, he tried to say something, but was unable to when a coughing fit erupted from his chest. The blood on his lips splattered across the chest of FN-2287’s armour. The Stormtrooper was quiet, staring at Rey in a daze. “Ma’am… I don't mean to be rude, but are you aware that Lord Ren has everyone on board in a non-required function searching for you?” FN-2187’s skin prickled. He eyed Rey closely. She didn't seem fazed, and scoffed at the trooper. “An overreaction on his part I assure you-after all, I'm right here!” She declared. “Now release the prisoner so we can return to Kylo.” “Yes My Lady, but first I'm going to inform Lord Ren that you are here. He told me to inform him if I saw you, you understan-” Faster than FN-2187 could process, Rey snatched away FN-2187’s blaster and- CRACK Slammed it into the Stormtrooper’s head, so hard so fast that his neck twisted to a sickly angle. With a loud thump, the Stormtrooper fell limp to the floor. “Boring conversation anyway…” she grumbled. FN-2187 stared at Rey in horror, but he could hear the pilot beside him force out a chuckle. “Smooth.” Notes: This chapter is not my favourite. It's a fast scene that I found hard to write. So tell me what you think!