It's pretty clear that this adult, like most adults, has no idea what to do with her. Rey can only imagine what they told him when they called him: your granddaughter's been living on her own, parents drove off one day when she was five, and by the way she stole a car. Still, she waited for this grandfather she never existed—well, that's not technically true; she knew he had to exist, but she never bothered to imagine him—with her nose practically pressed against the glass. The coffee in that social worker's office tasted like toilet water, but Rey didn't care because finally, finally, long after she lost count of the days when she was about eight, someone was coming for her. And then he was there, the glass door banging shut behind him, a grizzled man with a beard and a peculiar look in his eyes. "Nice to meet you, Rey," he said. "I'm Obi-Wan Kenobi." And he held his hand out to shake hers. It wasn't the hug she wanted, but Rey would take it. "Kind of a summer town," her grandfather says as he drives along a cliff-lined road. Rey peers down the green slopes to see azure water stirring below. Jakku was so arid; the idea of living on the beach blows her mind. "Things will be crazy with tourists." "That sounds fun to me," Rey says eagerly. He nods, and says nothing more. Rey clamps her mouth shut and crosses her arms. The car smells of pine air freshener and echoes with the sound of the tires on the road, because neither of them knows what to say. A zillion questions shoot through Rey's mind. Her mother, her father, her grandmother—and what her grandfather likes to read—they told her he was a professor—whether he likes any sports, whether he likes animals, what his favorite color is. But the stiff way he holds his shoulders tells Rey she might not want to ask just yet. "How—long have you lived here?" she questions. "Since I was eight," he answers. "A friend of my parents' took me in after they died." "Oh!" Rey's heart lifts, as if probably shouldn't after hearing he lost his parents so young, but hey— we can relate ! "I'm sorry. That's rough. Did you like it there, with your friend?" "I did," he confirms. "The time was short, but he taught me so much." "Like what?" Rey asks. "We'll discuss it later." He gives her an uneven smile, as if half of his lips refuse to obey. For a brief moment, Rey fears he's having a stroke, but no, he keeps driving as if everything's fine. She studies her chipped fingernails. "What do you want me to call you? Grandpa? Grandfather? Or something else?" His knuckles go white on the steering wheel. "Obi-Wan will do. For now." "Oh." Rey deflates. She mouths the word grandpa . Tears prick her eyes. She'd been so excited to use it. Obi-wan clears his throat. "Do you like music, Rey?" Rey straightens. "Yes!" "What kinds?" "Um—all kinds, really." "Great." He turns on a jazz station. Saxophones whine and squeal as they drive through what looks like a cute, if kitschy, little town. A building that almost looks like a palace rises on one street, and Rey gapes at it. "Maz Kanata's bar," Obi-Wan tells her. "Too old for you." "Of course," Rey says. She wonders again just how much the social worker told her grandfather. What if he thinks she's a delinquent? A row of houses sprawl across the edge of the beach. "Very old families live in those houses," Obi-Wan says. "The Organas, and the Damerons, and that house used t be the Naberries' but is now the Huxes." Rey doesn't recognize any of the names, but she nods along. "We live a little walk from the beach," Obi-Wan says as he turns down a gravelly path. The car bounces and Rey grips the side of her seat. "About five minutes." "It's beautiful," Rey breathes, taking in the trees around them. Obi-Wan rolls down his window, and she inhales the salty scent. He pulls up to a small ranch-style house that sits next to a twin. At the second house, a middle-aged man with a beard lifts his hand, lifts his hand in a wave to Obi-Wan. "Our neighbors," Obi-Wan says. "Luke Skywalker. He lives with his father." " The Luke Skywalker?" Rey blurts out. Obi-Wan raises his eyebrows. "You've heard of him?" "Of course! Who hasn't? He's done some amazing work as a journalist—he won a Pulitzer and everything!" For his coverage of the rebuilding of the new Republic. Although he hasn't written anything in years, according to what she's heard from Teedo, the bored editor of the Jakku school paper. Obi-Wan chuckles. "Well, he spends his summers here, with his father." "Who's his father?" "No one whose name you'd recognize." Obi-wan emerges from the car, and Rey follows. He pulls her bag from his trunk. "I'll get it," Rey says quickly. "That's all?" the social worker had asked, befuddled, as if they couldn't believe Rey didn't want more keepsakes from her threadbare life. Obi-Wan now looks as if he feels similarly nonplussed. "Okay," he says, allowing her to hoist the duffel bag over her shoulder. Luke Skywalker watches, and Rey freezes. She waves tentatively. What did Obi-Wan tell him about me? Did he tell him that I'm a car thief? Journalism was always something Rey was interested in, but never anything she had time for. She tried to join the school newspaper, but Unkar Plutt had about forty chores waiting for her every night, and so she had no time between classes and homework and Teedo would only accept well-written articles. She did get two published, submitted after working on them a tthe expense of her sleep and her grades, but they weren't much. But here, maybe… "It's not much," Obi-Wan says, gesturing to her room, small and covered in an aqua quilt. "Luke's sister helped decorate it." "It's perfect," Rey says, hope blossoming. "Your mother said to tell you that we are having dinner with the Damerons, and that is that, and having to start your internship early in the morning is not an excuse that will fly," reports Threepio, his mother's prim assistant, hands folded in front of him. "I bet my father won't be here though, will he?" Ben shoots back as he kicks his suitcase. It's bad enough that they have to leave the city to come to Yavin every summer. It's a miracle he's been able to find a decent internship with Snoke and the First Order newspaper, even if it looks cheesy with its coffee mug slogan. But dinner with the Damerons and their insufferable son is an experience akin to getting his toenails ripped out one by one, as pleasantry after pleasantry will be hurled at him with the intent of dragging out some hideous gossip. "Your father is set to arrive tonight, but yes, he will probably miss dinner," confirms Threepio. The man wears so much bronzer he almost looks yellow. Ben has no idea why his parents even stay married if they only visit each other one weekend every month Well, except for summers, where they actually spend time together. Kind of. " Just divorce him already," he snapped at his mother last time his father missed their reunion weekend. "I know it seems hard to believe, Ben," she responded with that look that meant she was trying hard to keep her cool. "But your father and I love each other, and this arrangement works for us and our work schedules." Well, it doesn't work for Ben's schedule, but they never asked him, so. "A half an hour," Threepio reminds him. Ben flips him off, and the assistant gasps. "Ben Solo! Your mother will be appalled when she hears of this!" "Pretend she doesn't flip the bird at least three times a day, sure, go for it," Ben calls after the old man. He wouldn't want to be a driver who cut his mother off. "Is my uncle coming?" "No, he's staying in with his charge," Threepio's voice comes drifting back. His charge. Ben's been forbidden from saying the truth: that, for whatever reason, the esteemed writer Luke Skywalker all but retired to take care of Darth Vader, an ex-cop whose life is straight out of every filmmaker in the gangster genre's dreams. At least from what he knows about it. His mother won't let him talk to the man, and Uncle Luke seldom brings it up in Ben's presence. How Uncle Luke developed such compassion for a man like that has never made sense to Ben. As Ben arranges his laptop for the morning, he wonders if Uncle Luke had something to do with Snoke hiring him. He could always text, but… nah . He'll see his uncle eventually. At any rate, it's good to be away from Coruscant. Ben hates that town with its shiny cars and pristine houses, the way the kids hurl insults and fists at anyone they feel threatened by, anyone they feel isn't up to snuff. Which often includes him. For someone whose uncle is so famous, I thought you'd get better than an 88 on that paper. I think your mom wouldn't be happy if she heard you were trying cigarettes. Think of what it'd do to her career! It was a cruel taunt from the blonde girl who liked to laugh and needle Ben with her faux-concern, fluffily wrapped around threats as her usual. And usually, a fist to his stomach would accompany the taunts. And Ben would punch back, and he'd wind up in the principal's office, accused of starting another fight or of stealing the phone where the other kids would be recording everything. And Dad would talk to Mom about how worried he was about Ben. Not that he's really worried. If he really cared, he would come home more. He makes it downstairs to meet Mom two minutes late. She crosses her arms. "Don't even," he snaps. "Would it kill you to be polite, Ben?" "Possibly." He tosses his dark hair and scowls. He hates Poe Dameron. And when he sees Poe again, he knows the kid hasn't changed much. Shirt perfectly tucked it, leather jacket, styled hair and a wide, easy smile. Ben can't imagine what it's be like to be that ready to smile, all the time. "Hey, man," Poe says, shaking Ben's hand. "Good to see you." Cut the bullshit. Ben grunts in response. "When is Bail coming, Leia?" Kes Dameron asks as he serves grilled chicken and summer squash, seasoned with Italian herbs. Ben hates to admit that it smells good. They sit around the table set up on the Damerons' deck, the ocean breeze calm this evening. "In a few weeks," Leia answers as Shara Bey pours her a glass of wine. "How's school, Poe? Thinking about college yet?" Poe nods. "I'd like to study aerospace engineering, actually. How about you, Ben?" Ben grits his teeth. "Writing," he says without blinking. "Journalism." Judge me for being impractical if you want. Poe grins. "Cool. Runs in the family, I'd guess." Ben stuffs a bite of chicken in his mouth. "He's got an internship with the First Order. He starts tomorrow," Mom says with a smile. She's not really proud of me. The thought turns the squash to ash on his tongue. Of course she isn't. She just wants to use Ben as a tool to compete with. Like all these rich families, competing to see who can be the most awesome. "You wanna go down to the boardwalk?" Poe asks as they finish dinner. "Or do you want to sleep early? I have to walk my dog, Beebee-Ate." "Poe's kind of a night owl," Shara Bey says. Poe grimaces. "Parents," he mumbles. Ben shrugs. Mom gives him a pointed glare as the sky deepens to gray, with a rosy ring around the horizon. "Fine." "What kind of stories will you be working on?" Poe asks as they head over, the sand crunching beneath their shoes. It may be summer but Ben's still wearing Doc Martens. "Probably just editing." "Hey, we all have to start somewhere, right?" Poe grins. "Hey, Ben," calls a sly voice behind him. Oh, please no . Ben turns around to see Armitage Hux beaming at him, beady eyes glittering with rage so dark Ben doubts a therapist could shine a light on it. "Heard you're interning too at the First Order." "Too?" Ben echoes. "You didn't think you were the only one who got an internship this summer, did you? And I don't even have my family's talent as a reason why," Hux continues as he brushes past. "What a dick," Poe comments. Ben glares after him. The lights of the boardwalk come closer. It's not true. He's talented, all on his own. Ben's knuckles throb in protest, and he unclenches them. "C'mon, Finn," calls Nines, his brash coworker. "Try for a little more energy." Finn rolls his eyes. Across from him, he sees the elderly owner of the ice cream store waving at him. Finn met Lor San Tekka just earlier that day, when the man wished him good luck at his first job. It's not much, but it is a job. "Not shocked," snorted Phasma, the supervisor who towers over him even though she can't be much older in years. "Yavin's got a history of working with abandoned children." "Real kind," snapped another boy, who introduced himself as Slip. Within an hour, it became clear that Finn was at least better at manning the game booth than Slip, and Phasma sent him home. Guillt gnaws at Finn's stomach. He didn't want to alienate the one person who treated him with kindness. Well, the second person, if you count Lor San Tekka. But he already doesn't like it here, despite the beach and the carefree atmosphere. Because the ice-cream-mustached, grinning kids always cry when their darts don't pierce the balloons. Except his social worker insisted it would be a good opportunity, and really, what other options does he have? "If you switch out the darts for sharp ones except for when I give you the signal, I'll fire you," Phasma told him as she explained things just after noon. "Newbies don't get to decide who wins." Even when there was an adorable girl with pigtails and a bright smile who gushed about how happy she was with her purple cotton candy, Phasma refused. Probably out of spite, Finn figures. Phasma's got to be heartless. How else could she force the grinning girl to lose? And Nines wants him to be more enthusiastic recruiting people into this dumb trap. For once, Finn just wanted to make people happy, instead of living as a sad tale for his social worker to tell. He's sick of being pitied, and he's sick of the sight of him making people purse their lips and shake their heads. "Oh, darts!" Finn hears a voice say, and his heart sinks. "You ever play?" "Yeah. When I was like six." A tall boy wearing a black sweatshirt despite the heat scowls at the game booth, ignoring Finn. "It's hard to win," says the boy beside him, a handsome Latino kid. They both look to be around Finn's age. Undoubtedly they have happier lives. They probably belong to those ancient families who populate the beach houses. The emo boy nods. "I've never one." "Oh. I've only won twice." The handsome boy smiles, but the emo boy looks as if he'd like to shoot a dart into the other boy's skull. "Finn," hisses Nines. "Get going!" "Want to play?" Finn asks, spreading a fake smile onto his face. "Sure," says the handsome boy. A short-legged, fat Golden Retriever barks below him. "You want to, Ben? Maybe break your losing streak?" Anyone could tell that the boy meant no harm by what he said, and yet the emo's eyes flash as if he just insulted the past three generations of his family. Finn's eyes slide towards Nines, who took over for Phasma. He motions for the emo boy—Ben— to win and the kind one to lose. Screw that. Finn can't resist jumbling the darts in his hand as he hands them over. "Yes!" exults the other boy as his dart pierces the balloon. Nines narrows his eyes at Finn, and he shakes his head, feigning innocence. "Shit," grumbles Ben. "Hey, it's okay," says the other boy. "You'll do better next time." "I swear this thing's rigged," he mutters, and Finn flinches as he grabs the white teddy bear prize and hands it over. "Thanks," the boy says cheerfully. "Hey, I don't think I've seen you before. You new this summer?" Finn nods. "Name's Finn." "I'm Poe, Poe Dameron." Poe grins, and then yelps as his dog somehow manages to leap up and grab the teddy bear in her mouth. "Okay, whatever, Beebee. Guess it's yours." Finn laughs. "She bite?" "Not unless she doesn't like you." Poe winks. "You can pat her if you want." Finn crouches, ignoring Nines as h scratches the dog behind her ears. She continues to tear at the stuffed animal. "How are your parents doing, Ben?" Finn cranes his neck up to see Lor San Tekka emerging to chat. "They're—" Ben looks as if he's trying not to spit names. "Them." "Them, huh?" asks Lor San Tekka, raising his eyebrows. "I heard your father—" "I don't want to talk about my goddamn parents, old man." Finn's jaw drops. He can't imagine ever talking to any of his foster parents or his teachers or social workers like that. Judging from Poe's raised eyebrows, neither can he. "You should apologize!" "It's fine, Poe Dameron," says Lor San Tekka, waving his hand. "He'll figure it out in time." And then he shuffles back into his shop. "Why did you have to act like such an asshole?" Poe snarls. "Why do you have to be so upset about it?" Ben snaps, folding his arms so that it almost looks as if he's huddling in on himself. "It's nine," Nines says, coming up behind Finn. He grins at his own pun. "You can go. See you tomorrow?" "One o'clock," Finn confirms, taking off his hat as Nines turns the lights off. He heads up the boardwalk, following the two bickering boys. The dog growls at Ben. "Shut that stupid thing up!" "Don't insult my dog!" Poe yells, and then there's a crack. Finn springs forward to see Poe doubled over, blood pouring through his fingers, which cover his nose. "What the hell?" "Who are you?" snarls Ben, but his gaze twitches. "You just hit him?" "Go to hell!" And Ben takes off. "Good riddance," Finn says aloud. He kneels down. "You okay?" "Yeah." Poe's voice comes out garbled. "Lor San Tekka's probably got ice packs—" "No, I don't want him involved. Not worth it," Poe mumbles, blood still leaking down his arms. "Do you need help at all?" Finn asks, starting to back away. He can take a hint. "Wanna walk Beebee-Ate home?" Poe coughs. "I wanna make sure my nose stops bleeding. If you could take her leash—I live just a few minutes from here." So he is one of those rich beach kids Phasma warned him about. But not a rude one. "Sure," Finn says. Maybe it won't be a lonely summer after all. "Sure," Obi-Wan says when Rey asks if she can take a walk. "Just don't be gone too long. And don't—get in any trouble." Sounds like her social worker was honest after all. Rey grimaces. "I'll be back soon." She presses open the screen door, stepping outside into the sweet night air. Gravel crunches under her feet as she walks. She can hear the crashing waves and draws closer to the ocean. Maybe later this week she can actually go in. Not that she knows how to swim. Ahead, past the sand dunes, Rey spots the lights of the beach houses, and out at sea, if she squints, she can make out the lights from some boats. The guttural motor of a jet ski cuts through in the air. She's used to heat, but not this sticky kind of warmth, the kind that makes her feel as if she's been stitched into her t-shirt and shorts. Rey kicks up some sand. Something shuffles to her side. Rey freezes, her mind racing through all of the close encounters she had in Jakku. Unkar never bothered to buy her pepper spray, so she learned to defend herself. Footsteps. Someone rounds the sand dune and Rey kicks her leg out, colliding with something soft. "Hey!" groans a boy's voice. "What the—" "Who are you?" Rey demands, heart still pounding. She remembers grabbing the wheel, stomping on the gas pedal. And the sirens. "Not someone who wants to attack you," ekes out the boy, pulling himself to his feet. "Oh." Rey gulps. "Sorry." "No problem; I'm sure my spleen will recover, or not." A cute black boy raises his eyebrows at her. "Name's Finn." She hesitates. You aren't mad at me? "I'm Rey." "What're you doing outside at night if you're so skittish?" "I'm not skittish!" Rey glares at him. "I just got here today." "I'm new too," the boy says, shifting. The moon emerges from the clouds, and Rey squints. Is that— "You're bleeding!" "What?" Finn looks down at his hands. "No. Not my blood. My—this boy—got his in the nose." "By you?" Rey asks sympathetically. She's been in enough fights; she knows how it goes. "No, by a jerk." Finn rolls his eyes, wiping his hands on his black shirt. "I work at the boardwalk. Are you in that program too? For foster kids?" "No," Rey says, blinking. "There's a program?" "For summer jobs—" "I used to be a foster kid, too," Rey blurts out. "Really?" Finn's eyes light up. I might really have a friend , Rey thinks. She nods. "Used to, though?" he questions. "My grandfather found me. Or they found him." She shrugs. "Wow." A smile splits Finn's face. "That's great for you." "Where are you staying?" she questions a she starts to head back up the path, away from the beach. "Back towards town," Finn answers. "You been yet?" She shakes her head. "I just got here today." "Cool." Finn nods. "Well, maybe we can see it together some time." Rey nods. "What's this program thing?" she asks, kicking a pebble on ahead. "It's to get summer jobs for—" Finn starts, and then cuts himself off. "Oh, shit." "What?" He stops, and Rey stops with him. A tall figure heads towards them. "That's the guy who punched my—friend," Finn hisses. "What?" Rey narrows her eyes. He looks as if he's a goth wannabe. "Really?" Finn nods. "Think he's one of the wealthy older families—" "What are you two up to?" the other boy's voice interrupts. "I just took Poe home," Finn retorts, straightening his shoulders. Rey can see his hands trembling slightly. "You know, because of how you hit him." "I'm—" The boy's eyes dart to Rey. Up close, he doesn't look like a hulking monster. Emo, sure but almost sensitive. Nothing like the bullies Rey had to fend off in Jakku. "Why are you looking at me like that?" he demands, brow furrowed as if he really can't understand why she might not like him. Entitled prick . "Did you really hit his friend?" Rey asks. "I—he was—" "I don't like bullies," Rey informs him. "Stay away from Finn and from—" "Poe," Finn supplies. The boy glowers at her. "Look, I don't even know who you are, so—" "I'm Rey Kenobi," she says. "Kenobi?" His eyes widen. He must know my grandfather ! Rey shakes off the hope that burst through her. He's a jerk . "Don't punch my friends again." "Pick better friends next time!" he yells as she grabs Finn's arm and drags them along. "You can do better than—" "Do you even have friends?" Rey yells over her shoulder. He sticks his middle finger up in the air and storms off. Finn covers his mouth. "According to Poe," Finn manages. "Ben doesn't. At least not in town." Really? Rey hadn't meant it. She knows what it's like not to have friends. The idea that Finn, and maybe this Poe, too—her heart leaps. She looks back for Ben again, but he's already gone. Chapter 2 "Hey." Finn squints through the glaring sun. A middle-aged woman, pretty with dark hair, smiles at him, somewhat awkward but still friendly. "How's it going?" The smell of sunscreen permeates the air as Finn glances nervously at Phasma, who's helping three small boys who look to be triplets. Their father seems to have more energy than his kids and keeps wanting to play—and lose—to his kids again and again and again. Maybe his strategy is to wear Phasma down until she eventually lets him—or one of the triplets—win. "Nah, it's okay," the woman says. "You can talk now. She can handle it." She sticks her hand out. "I'm Jyn Erso." "Oh!" Finn hadn't expected to meet this lady. "You run the nonprofit." "Yep." Jyn nods, combing her hair back from her face. "Wanna take a walk? Your boss knew I was going to come by and steal you for a half hour today. Right Phasma?" she calls. Phasma gives a less-than-enthusiastic thumbs-up. "Great," Jyn says brightly. "Let's walk." She folds her arms as if talking isn't something she's particularly skilled at. "I usually try to meet all our participants within their first week, find out how it's going and such." Her voice is higher pitched than Finn expected from the emails he received from her and that one picture he saw. Two kids run by in bathing suits, their mother yelling at them to slow down. Finn smirks. "It's going well." "Really? Because Starkiller Games are new partners this year. We've never placed a kid with them before, so we just want to make sure—" It's not okay; they're making me cheat people and I feel horrible about it! But Jyn lives in this town, doesn't she? She may already know or suspect. It's not as if Finn's ever been to a summer town like this before; maybe it's the norm and he's only making a big deal out of it because of his tendencies to overthink. "They're fine," Finn hears himself say. "Okay then." Jyn nods, dropping onto a bench. She squints as she considers him. "What are you hoping to get out of this experience, Finn?" Finn eases himself down, careful to avoid a splatter of melted green ice cream. "Um—any experience will help, I think, and once I go back to my foster mother's home for school, I can concentrate on trying to get into a decent university—it'll look good on my applications—" Dammit, he's really blowing this. "Cool," Jyn says. "I understand." "And it's good to have something to do during the summers," Finn adds. "Instead of just waiting to move or studying to get ahead. Not that I'm not studying," he adds hastily, even though he's not. Shame curdles in his stomach. You're lying to her? Jyn cocks her head. "How long have you been in your current foster home?" "Just since the fall," Finn admits. "I moved around a lot." She nods. "I see. Do you know what you want to study?" Finn blinks. "I'm—not sure yet." "You'll figure it out," Jyn assures him. "You've got time. I didn't have a major declared until the end of my sophomore year. Plus I started college a bit late, so." "Late?" Finn echoes. "I took a few gap years," Jyn clarifies. "And then I still didn't know what I wanted to do, but it all worked out in the end." It all worked out in the end… Finn can only hope those words will be true about his own life, and yet he doubts it. "How long have you been working for this nonprofit?" he questions. "Oh, years. My husband volunteered for it when he was younger, doing paperwork and all." Finn can't help but ask. "So did you benefit from it?" "Yeah." Jyn smiles. "You were a foster kid?" He knows he's pressing it now. Jyn hesitates. "I was a runaway." She wipes sweat off her brow. "And while that's a story I'd love to tell you—really—it's for some other time. My husband will be upset if I don't visit him for lunch like I promised." She reaches her hand out. "Nice to meet you, Finn. If you have concerns, here's my card; feel free to contact me." He nods, getting to his feet. Seagulls swoop overhead, calling to each other. "Hey, Finn!" calls a familiar voice. Finn jumps, turning to see Poe, wearing an orange bathing suit. Two black eyes sprout, and his nose swells. "Poe!" "I know, I know," Poe jokes. "It'd be fun to say 'you should see the other guy' but nothing really happened to him." He rolls his eyes. Finn snorts. "I gotta get back to work, unfortunately." "No worries. I'll walk with you." Poe grins. "I'm on my lunch break." "You're working too?" "Lifeguard." Poe puffs his chest out. "There's a storm out at sea, so we're keeping an eye out for rip tides." He blows his breath out. "I have to see that idiot this weekend. His mom's hosting a barbecue." "Yikes," Finn says. "Good luck, man. That's rough." "Where are you staying?" Poe asks. "In town. At the—" Finn clears his throat. "At Maz Kanata's." "Cool." Poe grins. "Can you get access to beer?" Finn shakes his head. "As a guest, I don't want to push things." "Fair enough. She's a cool old lady." Eccentric, maybe. Finn has yet to see cool , but who knows. "What time do you get off work?" Poe wants to know. "Today? Five." "Do you like video games?" Poe asks. "If you want to come over—I'm kind of looking for someone to play with—" "Hell yes," Finn says immediately. He's never played a video game in his life, but he thinks he can figure it out. And even if he makes a fool of himself, somehow he suspects Poe might be his friend anyways. "Decent work today, Hux," Snoke says as he examines the article Hux proofread. "However, by the end of the week, I don't want to still feel the need to check the articles you've already proofread. Do you understand?" Hux flinches. Ben fights a smirk. The air conditioning must be cranked all the way up; it can barely be sixty degrees in here. "Yes, sir," Hux says, his shoulder stiff and his face pointed at the beige tiled floor. A scowl riddles his face. "You're dismissed," Snoke says. The sun shines through the diamond patterns of his office windows. The glass glints, encasing Snoke in a kind of light and slicing away the heavy black chair he sits in. "Now, Ben." His heart pounds. What if Snoke only sent Hux out because Ben's work is worse? "Yes?" "Good job," Snoke says with a nod. Oh . Ben blinks. "Thank you." "Do you do any writing?" Ben nods, his heart thumping wildly again. "I want to be a journalist." "Like your uncle," Snoke muses, leaning forward with a gleam in his eyes. "Well—" Ben swallows. "Yes." He can't resist asking. "Did you talk to him at all when you—" "No. Luke Skywalker doesn't hold my esteem. I don't respect people who turn away from their potential," Snoke says, gaze steady on Ben's. "I took you on because of your grandfather." "Bail Organa?" "No, your biological grandfather." Snoke huffs. Ben doesn't understand. Dad's parents died young, and Mom says Anakin Skywalker died a long time ago as well. "Did you know him?" "Yes," Snoke says. "I did. I also hired you because the sample you sent when you applied for the internship was impressive." "Really?" Ben's parents have never read his work. They're too busy, Mom battling other senators over trade deals and what not, and Dad with his shipping business. The only time Mom's ever mentioned it is when she's talking to people like the Damerons and is forced to make it seem like her son isn't the loser she suspects he is. He accused her of just that: thinking he was a loser, when he sent in his application. "Why would you say that?" she cried out. "Ben, you are not a loser, and you never have been!" "You're just riding on your parents' coattails," Mitaka told him at school. "That's the definition of a loser if I ever saw one." And he walked away, leaving Ben bleeding from the nose and hating every last cell in his stupid body. And that's when Ben jumped him, and then Ben got suspended. On the bright side, Mitaka never bothered him again and now quakes in his presence, so there's that. "Of course, student government being spendthrifts is hardly a scandal," Snoke adds. His face burns. "It was just for a student paper." "Well, if you keep up the good work," Snoke says. "Maybe you'll get to write an article for the First Order before you leave this summer. Just keep in mind that we're not a student paper, and this town isn't a high school." He raises his hand. "You can go." "Thank you, sir," Ben manages, his mind still whirring. Just who was Anakin Skywalker? He pulls out his phone in the hallway, painted sea green, and taps the name. Everything that comes up is related to Luke Skywalker. He curses. He grabs his artistically frayed bag and heads out into the late afternoon sun. Squinting, Ben almost walks right past a familiar gray sedan. "Hey, kid!" No . Ben freezes. "We got in so late I missed you last night!" Dad grabs him by the shoulder. Ben jumps back to avoid the obligatory hug. Let's face it: Dad wants to avoid it too. "How's it goin', Ben," says Chewie, his father's bearded and freakishly tall friend, who raises his arm. Ben nods at him. "What are you doing here?" "I came to pick you up from your first day. How'd it go?" Pulling his bag closer to his side, Ben shrugs. "It was good." "Good?" Dad nods, a grin trying and failing to materialize. "Great to hear." You can't even fake a smile for me? Ben scowls. "I want to walk." "Well, I want to talk," Dad retorts. "Huh?" Ben's brow creases as Dad rolls his eyes. "Look, your mom got a phone call from Shara Bey Dameron." Shit! Ben curls his fist, hiding it under his long-sleeved black shirt. His knuckles still ache. "Yeah, you know what this is about," Dad says with a curt nod. "Get in." "I'll meet you back at your place, Han," Chewie says, clapping the top of the gray Chevy Camaro. Made in 1971, the fact that his father keeps driving the thing instead of retiring it already baffles Ben. Ben slides inside, crossing his arms and dropping his head. "Really, Ben?" Dad asks as the door clicks shut behind him. "Punching the kid? Again? And you can't claim bullying this time." Ben's silent. "What were you trying to do?" "He was being—" Ben cuts himself off. "Who tattles at sixteen?" "Ben, you broke his nose." Ben swallows. "I didn't mean to." "Why'd you hit him, Ben?" Dad's not backing down this time. Ben could scream. "Like you never got in any fights at school? Or here? Or were you too busy with your life of crime as a high school dropout?" Dad holds his finger out. "You better watch it, kid." You're here for three minutes and you're already lecturing me? Ben slouches, avoiding the accusing finger that always seems to point directly at Ben's failings, while conveniently ignoring his father's own failings. I'm at least planning on graduating on time. " He's a preppy know-it-all—" Dad lets out his breath. "You know, Ben, you could do with being a little more like—" "Like him?" Ben cuts his father off. Of course. His chest tightens, and the muscles holding his shoulders stiff feel as if they could snap at any second. "I should have known." He fumbles for the car handle and jumps out. "Ben! Get back here!" His father groans as he launches himself out of the car. Ben's already halfway down the sidewalk before he feels his father's hand clamp down on his shoulder. "Don't run away from me when I'm talking to you!" "Go adopt Poe Dameron," Ben retorts, glaring at his father's lined face, his graying hair. "Ben, I misspoke. But your mother's told me that your teachers complained about you acting rude and Threepio—" "I don't give a damn what that old idiot says!" Ben wrenches his arm away. "And it's not like you would know. You haven't been around to see any of it." "I'm seeing this ." Han's eyes burn. "Come on, Ben. Please." The backs of Ben's eyes burn. Sweat dribbles down his spine. He takes a step back. "I'm walking home." "Oh, come on, Ben, I want to—" "What? Spend time with me? Only on your terms though, right?" Ben shakes his head and stalks off. He bumps into someone. "Sorry." "Ben, the Damerons are coming this weekend for the barbecue—" "I won't punch him!" Ben yells over his shoulder, refusing to give his father the satisfaction of turning around to see his face. "Happy now?" "I'd like you to happy!" Dad hollers, voice tired. Ben hesitates. A part of his brain screams at him, ordering him to turn around, get back in that sweltering car and ride back in silence and in the thick knowledge that he pacified his father at least somewhat. And then he remembers you could do with being a little more like him, and he knows that what his father means isn't that he should be more like Poe Dameron, but that Ben should be more like him, his dad. In that case, I'm always going to disappoint you. He stalks away. "Rey, you have a friend here!" calls Obi-Wan. Rey tosses the library book she got earlier in the day onto her bed. The Master and Margarita . Weird story with a talking cat. She scrambles out, because no one ever came to see her before. "Hey!" Finn greets her, and Rey can't keep her smile off her face. I actually have a friend, and I haven't even been here for a full day yet. "I was wondering if you wanted to come to Poe's place with me. We're playing video games," Finn says. "Sure," Rey says. She spots a photograph on the kitchen wall, of what appears to be a younger Obi-Wan and two other people, a boy with long, tousled hair and a beautiful girl with curls. "Poe Dameron?" asks Obi-Wan, emerging from the kitchen with his arms crossed and his brow furrowed, as if he minds. Well, it's not as if he's done anything to make Rey feel as if he'd want her to stay, aside from telling her where the library was and that she should go because the social worker told him Rey liked to read. "Yes, sir," Finn answers. "You're staying with Maz, aren't you?" "Yes, he is," crows a voice. Rey jumps as an elderly woman coated in bronzer waddles in. "And the kids can have dinner with you and me and Luke another time, Obi-wan." We had dinner plans? Rey's never had a family dinner in her life. She ate instant meals every single night. "Obi-Wan says you're a writer," Maz says, reaching out and grasping Rey's wrist. She peers at her, glasses so thick Rey doesn't understand how she can even see through them. "You'll definitely have to talk to Luke." "Hasn't he stopped reporting?" Rey asks. "It's been years—" "Only six, but I'm sure he'd like to talk to another young writer." Maz releases Rey and adjusts her glasses. "You look hesitant." Rey shrugs. "We'll see." "Don't be intimidated." Finn watches with his eyebrows raised. Rey snorts. Who wouldn't be intimidated, with the chance of Luke Skywalker looking over her junior-level reporting? "I'll see you later," she says quickly. "Have fun, Rey." Obi-wan nods at her. Rey slips her flip-flops on and jogs out after Finn. "How was work?" she asks awkwardly. Finn shrugs. "It was work." Rey frowns. "So you're a writer?" "Kind of. I never really had much time—my foster father expected me to clean everything, plus homework, so I wrote like two or three pieces in my spare time. Op-ed type stuff." Rey pushes a few strands of her hair that escaped her bun behind her ear. "How's living with your grandfather?" Finn asks. The sun beats down on them, and sand covers the paved road that they turn onto, leaving the gravel behind. Rey forces a smile. "It's great." A gray ache spreads through her chest, and she wants to claw it away. It's been a day! Things will be fine. They have to be. This is what she's always dreamed of. This is her fairytale ending. "Do you ever hear from your parents?" "No. I was abandoned at birth." Finn presses his lips together. "To be honest, I don't even really think about them. I'd rather just focus on getting good grades, getting the right experiences, and getting into a good college. It's not going to define me and all that kind of stuff." Rey smirks. "I wish I was like that." She remembers hearing many such speeches lobbed at her. The problem is that, unlike Finn, she never took them to heart. She clung to her ragdoll and the voice that belonged to a fast-fading face: " I'll come back for you; I promise." "No, you don't," Finn says. "Your miracle actually happened." A car whizzes by, a little too close. Rey jumps back. Across the street, she spies a familiar gait and a black-clad figure. "Isn't that—" "Great," groans Finn. "Let's ignore him, Rey." Ben scowls at them as they hurry across the yellow lines, heading towards the houses. Rey can only imagine what he thinks of Finn, and of her even if she is a Kenobi. He can stuff his smug face into the sand and eat it, as far as she's concerned. "Where are you off to?" He leans against one sand dune, plugging one ear of his headphones in. Finn marches on, but Rey turns. "Poe Dameron's." Ben says nothing, so Rey keeps walking. Her feet sink in the sand, and the sensation amazes Rey. She spots a small, white seashell and crouches, pulling it out. "How'd it get all the way up here?" "Winter storms," Ben calls from behind her. "I was asking Finn!" Rey hollers. Finn cringes. Rey pockets the shell. "Poe's is the mauve one," Finn tells her, pointing. It's the closest house. Behind them, Rey hears a screech that sounds like a wounded animal, although the buzz of a car driving by almost erases it. She whirls around to see Ben punching the sand, drilling his fist again and again into the dune. Her jaw drops. "Is he five years old?" Finn whispers. "Maybe," Rey answers as Ben finally slams his head against the dune, almost as if he's giving up. "Come on." But it's too late. Ben drags his face up and sees both of them watching. His lips curl back in a snarl, and if looks could murder someone, Rey and Finn would have been spliced up and tossed into the depths of the ocean. "Let's go," Finn ekes out, grasping Rey's arm and pulling her along. Chapter 3 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Finn's phone buzzes, and he drags it out. The sun glints against it. You sure you can't make it? I'm sure, Finn taps out. Have fun with Rey, eat a lot of barbeque, and avoid the basket case. Over the past few days, he's hung out with Poe and Rey after work. Yesterday Rey even came to visit, and even though Phasma forced Rey to lose again and again, Rey kept Finn company at the booth for several hours. "Put your phone away!" Phasma barks. Finn stuffs the phone into his pockets. A small boy toddles over, a wide grin on his face as he points at the darts. Screw it. Finn doesn't have the heart to listen to Phasma's dull-dart prescription. He hands over the sharp ones. Hopefully the kid's dad helps him aim well. "Finn," Phasma says sweetly, standing. "Aren't those the used, dull darts?" The father glances over at Finn, eyes narrowing. "No," Finn responds. "These are the right ones." "Because I remember putting the good darts over on the left side of the cabinet," Phasma says, advancing. Her eyes flash. The child's eyes gleam, and chocolate smears his chubby cheeks. "Switched them," Finn says with a straight face. "Throw away, little guy." The kid's second dart hits the target, and Finn claps for him. The father grins too, looking down at his son with the kind of pride Finn can only imagine, the kind of pride he suddenly, for the first time in years, finds himself wishing to see in someone else's gaze as they look at him. Instead, I'm stuck here cheating people, Finn thinks as Phasma glowers at him. He pulls down a giant giraffe for the boy, who squeals in happiness. "Thanks," the father says, hoisting the giraffe over one shoulder and the boy on his other hip. "You don't have the authority to do that!" Phasma shouts the moment he's out of earshot. "I told you—" "But he was so—" "Honestly, if you weren't a part of Jyn Erso's nonprofit, I would fire you for that," Phasma tells him, towering over him. Her lips twitch as if she's enjoying the threat. Because that's all it is, Finn realizes. A threat . But he wishes it were true. Go ahead, he thinks, watching her with his chest heaving. Fire me. Fire me! Instead, she turns back to the darts. "Help me organize these." "No." It comes out before Finn's had a chance to think. Say you misspoke, Finn orders himself as Phasma turns around, mouth agape. Apologize— No . That word, again. Finn shakes his head. "I quit." "Excuse me?" Phasma sets the tray down. "What did you just—" "I said , I quit," Finn ekes out. "You want to go back to your stupid town and be a nobody? Maz Kanata won't keep you on if you don't have a job, and I think you'll be the first dropout your program's ever had—think of all the applicants who would have killed to get jobs like yours, and you're—" "I won't cheat people," Finn manages. "I'm sorry." Except no, he's not really sorry. His hands tremble. "Goodbye, Phasma." "Hey!" she screams after him. "Get back here, Finn!" He breaks into a run. "You can't just—" Finn slams into something soft. It groans, and Finn stumbles back. "S-sorry," he stammers, his face burning. "Give me back your hat at least!" Phasma appears in front of him, holding her palm out, face twisted in fury. "Fine," Finn snaps, ripping it off his head and tossing it at her. "You are the worst employee I've ever had, and I'll make sure Jyn knows—" "You want me to tell her about you cheating all your customers?" Finn retorts. "The hell is going on?" demands a gruff voice. Finn peers up into the face of an older man dressed in a leather jacket and wearing an expression of disgust. "Sorry," Finn whispers. Phasma rolls her eyes and storms back to the booth, cussing. "How exactly does one cheat at darts?" the man demands. "Sharp ones versus dull ones," Finn mutters. "She keeps two different baskets and decides who'll win or lose before they even play." "For real?" snarls a bearded man who looks even taller than Phasma. "That explains why I always lost, Han! What a piece of—" He twists his bulky hands together, as if he's imagining wringing Phasma's neck. Han swears. He glances at Finn. "You're the one who's staying with Maz Kanata." Finn swallows. Not for long . "Um—" "You're gonna need another job, kid," Han tells him. "Except Jyn's out of town this weekend. She told Leia she and Cassian were going upstate," he tells Chewie. "I'll just go back to the city," Finn says quickly. Forget this happened . So much for padding his applications. I quit . I actually quit. "Nah," Han says, eying him up and down. "Unless you want to leave, that is. Do you?" "Huh?" Han crosses his arms. "Do you want to leave, or do you want another job?" "I don't even—I wouldn't know how to—" Finn stutters. "Honestly, kids these days," Han complains. He turns to his friend and kicks a red cooler. "Here, Chewie. You take these drinks to the barbeque and tell Leia I'm on my way, okay? I'll take the kid to the bookstore." "The bookstore?" Finn echoes. His head spins. What—how— "Yeah, kid, you know how to read?" "Of course I do!" "Great, maybe you have me beat there, because my wife's still not sure I can." Han grimaces as Chewie heaves up the cooler. "You want to work at one? Because I know one that'll hire you. Some old friends of mine work there. They owe me a favor." Chewie coughs to cover up a word that sounds an awful lot like "bullshit." "Yeah, well, they're nice people, okay? And they can always use more help, especially during the season." He shakes his head. "You want to give it a shot, kid?" What do you have to lose ? And yet a part of Finn itches to say no thanks, he'll be okay, he'll just pack and head to the bus stop. And then he thinks of Maz's eyes, and he can almost hear her crinkly voice echoing: " You have the eyes of a boy who wants to quit." Finn thinks of Rey and Poe. "Yeah," he says. "Let's give it a try." "I wish Finn were here," Poe says glumly as he pops open a can of soda. He drops onto the cement steps. Rey takes a swig of her own. "Same." Luke Skywalker walks past, and she sits up straighter. He smiles at her. She still hasn't been able to speak with him very much, but she wants to impress him. Although no matter what she does, she doesn't seem able to impress Obi-Wan. "Has he asked you out?" Poe wants to know. "What?" Rey turns to stare at Poe, who reddens slightly. "I just thought—you and he—" "I don't know," Rey says, her mind churning. "We've only known each other for like a week. He's nice, though." Dating was something out of the question back in Jakku. She was too busy, and besides, no guys wanted to date a girl in ripped jeans and stained t-shirts, especially when that girl could beat them up. "He is," Poe says, too quickly. He traces the edges of his can. Oh shit! "You like him," Rey blurts out. "Not exactly—I mean—" Poe, usually so cool and confident, stutters. His cheeks turn crimson and he gulps some cola. "I—" "Hey, I can see why you would," Rey tells him, leaning closer so he'll see she's not jealous. A grin breaks over her face. "He's cute, and funny, and sweet—" "Exactly," Poe says. "So you should—" "No," Rey cuts in, folding her arms over her knees. "I like the idea of you two together." Two people she actually likes, dating each other. It's a strange concept. But both of them deserve it . They're good , and they don't look at her like just that brat from Jakku. Poe coughs, gulping more soda. "You're pretty bold." Rey scrunches her nose. "In Jakku, if you didn't speak up, you got steamrolled right over." If she saw that victory was possible, Rey went for it. People who hesitate suffer. She learned that lesson early, and hunger is a strong lesson, and one she'll never forget. "Yikes," says Poe. Rey taps her can. "Are you going to tell him?" Poe winces. "We're both only here for the summer." "I know." Rey peers out at the gathering of people, Leia laughing with her brother, Luke, and Obi-Wan chatting with a dark-skinned man Poe identified as Lando Calrissian. Most of them will be gone come fall. Rey shudders, a the cold strings of familiar loneliness creeping in, wrapping around her organs. I don't want any of you to go. They all see each other every summer, according to Poe, but how much time does that really give them to get to know one another? "Poe!" calls his mother. "Will you help Ms. Organa with the chicken?" He stands and mutters an excuse to Rey, who nods. Footsteps clunk behind her as she finishes off her soda. Rey cranes her neck back to see Ben, face flushed. Oh no. She leaps to her feet. "Don't get up on my account," he says sarcastically, leaning against the wall like he's too cool for school. Except school isn't in session, and Rey doesn't give a rat's ass about anything aside from the fact that he was probably eavesdropping and overheard a private conversation. "How long were you lurking back there?" she bursts out. "It's my house!" But his eyes skitter away from hers. Do Poe's parents know? Rey wonders. She steps closer to him as the smell of grilling chicken and hamburgers wafts under her nose. "You better not repeat—" "I wouldn't," he cuts in, almost hurt that she would think that. Oh . Rey steps back. "Well, good." At the table, she spots Leia adding more chips to a pile, and the man they call Chewie sets down what looks like a bowl of guacamole, and several packs of beer. He draws in a deep breath. "You know, I'm not a complete asshole." Rey arches her brow. "When we met, you'd just punched my friend." And the next time we met, you were punching sand. An uncomfortable memory filters into Rey's mind: herself, curled in a fetal position, too sick to go to school and too dizzy to stand up and make it to the kitchen for food, tensing all her muscles because she couldn't scream, couldn't invite Unkar's scorn, even though she desperately wanted to. He blows out his breath. "I'm sorry for that." Rey swallows. "I'm not the person you need to apologize to." Ben cocks his head, studying her. Rey grips her elbow. His lips, fuller than she expected, part slightly. "Fair enough." Huh. Rey wasn't expecting that. "So will you?" He nods. Rey doesn't know what to say. "Thanks." "So about the other night," Ben says, clearing his throat. "Please don't—" She remembers the wetness from drool and tears against the rough fabric of her pillow. "I wouldn't." He nods and clenches his fists, as if he's expecting her to ask him more about it. She can't. "Do you... want some food?" Rey peers around for Poe. He's still at the grill. She should take a snapchat and send it to Finn. "Chips sound good." He smiles. He actually smiles. And hell, it's awkward and a little lopsided, but not bad. He hardly looks like the monster she imagined him to be as he follows her to the table. Obi-Wan nods coldly at him as they pass. Rey dumps as much guacamole as she possibly can onto her plate. Ben raises his eyebrows. "Would you like some chips with your guacamole?" "Maybe." Rey grabs a few. "I'm not used to getting to have as much food as I want." Ben frowns. Maybe I shouldn't have said anything. Rey swallows a bite. It's mildly spicy. She crunches into what must be a pepper. "How's living with your grandfather?" Ben inquires, dabbing at his much smaller pile of guacamole. "Good." Rey shrugs. "I assume you get as much food as you want there." Does he actually care? Rey nods, remembering him beating the sand. Who are you, really, Ben? "He helped mentor my uncle, you know," Ben says. "Luke Skywalker." "Really?" Rey's eyebrows fly up. "Yeah." Ben nods. "He was a journalism teacher at a community college. Well, first he was a cop, and then he worked as a professor under the name Ben Kenobi." He crunches into some chips. "I had no idea," Rey says, studying her grandfather as he laughs, hand on Luke's shoulder. "He didn't mention it." "He's quiet. And doesn't like me much." "Whose fault is that?" Rey retorts, cramming more chips and guacamole into her mouth. Ben shrugs. "Wait—Ben Kenobi? Are you—" Ben ducks his head. "Yeah. He's close with my grandfather—Bail Organa—and my mom too." His eyes run across her face, as if he's trying to memorize her freckles. And why, Rey can't comprehend. I'm surrounded by such successful people, Rey realizes, goosebumps pricking her arms. Who are all connected. And while she might share blood with one of them, Rey feels very much adrift. Except that it almost seems like Ben's trying to connect with her. What the hell? If he's the one I relate to, it probably means I'm so screwed. "Hey," Poe says, jaw set as he marches over to them. Rey swallows the questions filling her mind. Later . "Where's your dad, Ben?" He scowls. "No idea. Probably off on some grand adventure or anything that appealed to him remotely more than spending time… here." With me, comes the unspoken words. A chip scrapes at Rey's throat. "You look as if you agree with him," Poe points out, an edge to his voice. "Like you'd rather be anywhere but here." "You're not exactly making it pleasant for me." "You punched—" "Stop it!" Rey orders. Both of them look at her. "No fighting. Come on." "Fine," Poe grumbles as his phone goes off. He pulls it out and grins. "Hey, Rey. Finn got a new job." "Huh?" Rey blinks. "What about the boardwalk?" "Apparently he's working at the Whills Bookshop now—he says he quit the boardwalk because they were cheating customers and Han Solo helped him get hired—" Poe shoves the phone under Rey's nose. Han Solo? Ben's dad? Rey wonders. She turns to look at him. "Figures," Ben says bitterly. He dumps the rest of his food into a trashcan. Rey winces. He wants to be here—he's just helping someone else, she wants to argue. Except those sound awfully familiar to the arguments she made to herself, when she couldn't sleep and looked up at the stars, imagining herself in her father's arms, swimming in an ocean. The ocean's here, and she's here, but here is nothing like her daydream. "I've got to get going," Luke says as he heads over to them. "Good to see you, Ben." He nods at Rey. "I'll have to look at some of your writing sometime." Rey can't keep her smile off her face. "Really?" Ben's smile wavers. "Sure." Luke rubs his forehead, looking exhausted. Ben stalks off. "Goodbye, nephew!" Luke calls after him. What is his problem? Rey almost found herself liking Ben, when they were talking about her grandfather. But now he seems committed to the art of assholery again. "Is he okay?" she asks after Luke meanders away. "Ben. Not Luke." "Who cares?" Poe runs his hand through his hair. "If Luke and Leia are siblings," Rey says to Poe. "Why don't they have the same last name? Organa's clearly not her married name, if Han's name is Solo—" "They were split up at birth, though I don't know why, and adopted," Poe reports. "At least Leia was. I think Luke's aunt and uncle raised him, or so I've heard." "Really?" Luke's disappeared around the side of the house, but Rey catches sight of Leia laughing with Obi-Wan as she bites into a burger. You didn't have your parents either? She never would have guessed. What were your lives like? Notes: Thanks for reading! Next chapter will contain a flashback. Notes: Thank you for reading! This story will be updated Tuesdays and Thursdays. Going forward, it will contain extensive, chapter-long flashbacks (which will be clearly noted).