The little boy The sound of boots were all that accompanied Hux as he stomped through the hallways of the base. "Base", if he could call that, it was really more of a ship that had been re-purposed to suit their needs after the devastation of Starkiller. He stopped briefly, sending the menagerie of troopers that followed him away. He should not be followed here. Snoke preferred the darkness, even though Hux had never seen him in person - he only came about in dark, damp caverns out of some sort of preference. It was never Hux's preference to be damp, but he had long ago learned that he did not often get what was preferable to him, especially considering the life he lived. Hux stood in place, though he noticed that Ren's presence and the lack of it left a huge hole in the room. It had become common for the two of them to stand before Snoke together, but Ren had been missing for months now. "Missing" was a term that Hux had used lightly, as the Knight was not always available in one form or another - it was true that he was Snoke's errand boy in more ways than one. Hux looked up as Snoke's massive holo came up, squinting just a bit before the image became stronger and he was able to see him properly. He did not often speak first, as Snoke sometimes took moments at a time to gather himself to say what he had to say. The Supreme Leader was nothing if not mercurial. "General Hux," His voice boomed and Hux gave a deep bow before coming to stand at his full height with hands clasped at his back. "You are aware of Kylo Ren's absence, I take it," Hux knew it was not a question. He nodded his head in agreement, however. "Are you aware of why he is absent?" Hux shook his head in quiet response. "I have sent him on a retrieval mission to the homing ship Adventus," Snoke's voice was smokey, and almost quiet. "He has failed to return on the date that he was expected, and he has failed to keep an open line of communication. In other words, I have been unable to reach him," Hux knew what 'retrieval missions' typically meant, but he said nothing. It wasn't unusual that Ren should go missing, as he was impulsive and generally tended to make bad decisions. Hux could think of a room or two that had been destroyed because the man had the mentality of a bruised twelve year old sometimes. The fact that Snoke was telling him this did not bode well for Armitage. "I want you to go to the last known location of this ship and find out what has happened to him." There was a finality to the words that lead Hux to believe that he was not going to be able to refuse Snoke, and despite a whole bevy of questions that rose up in his throat like bile, he merely responded with; 'Yes, Supreme Leader.' The conversation was then complete, and the cavern was once again empty. Hux didn't feel the need to pack a great deal of items once he reached his chamber, which was sparsely decorated with only needful things; a bed, a desk, a chair and a bathroom. He immediately felt like lying down and sleeping for days, but there were still plenty of daylight hours and he needed to get moving. It was never good to put off an order. He packed his standard issue clothes and some other personal items before he had his personal ship prepared. The trek down to the dock seemed frustratingly short, and he found that everything had been prepared to his specifications. No one would be going with him, Snoke had left specific communication about that once their conversation had ended. Hux got down to some last minute preparations with his ship, and before he knew it he was on his way. It wasn't going to be a particularly lengthy trip with a couple of trips through hyper space, but it required most of his focus and he was thankful not to have to let his mind drift. Why was it he was always the one rescuing Ren? ------- Hux's arrival at the Adventus came on slowly. He was almost completely upon it before he realized it - a large ship that looked more like a colony than an actual ship. It was likely true, as people had been living aboard for many years, draining resources from the planet below. Icarus did not have suitable conditions for these people to live in, but it could be mined distantly to allow them to live. Hux began cycling down his ship, but found it was unnecessary, as the gravity field automatically pulled him in against the ship. It was unsettling, as the power in his ship completely flickered out, leaving him in the dark until the light of the docking bay came on with the sudden movement. The docking bay was empty. And, when Hux disembarked from his ship - he realized it was more than empty. It was freezing, and it looked as though it had been empty for quite some time. Hux hopped back up to his ship with a feline grace and dug around in his pack for his imperial grade, fur lined cloak. It was black, like much of his other clothing, and an embroidered insignia representing the First Order had been sewn over the breast. He made a decision to leave his belongings on board, unsure if he wanted to remain for any longer than he had to. He made his way around the various ships, feeling it was more of a graveyard than a docking bay. He came upon Ren's ship, and it too looked as though it had not been touched for some time. In fact, it did not even look as though it was operational. Hux turned away from it, finding his way into the Adventus' innards. ------ One thing became immediately clear to Hux; the docking bay was not a singular experience. The powered locks on the doors worked sporadically, if at all - and Hux found himself shooting many of the panels with his military pistol in an attempt to get the doors to open completely. The cold only permeated further, and he was thankful that he had chosen to wear his heavy clothing. There were no people to be found. There was not even much indication that the ship had even been populated at all - but when there was evidence of people it looked as if the items they left behind had been long abandoned. Hux found he was moving through many living areas, few seemed to hold personal items. There were overturned cups long dried of liquid, pictures from home pinned to a few bunks, a few wayward items of clothing. He made his way though compartment after compartment - thinking he must have stumbled onto the living pods. There were so many he became lax in checking each one, somehow knowing that Ren was not in them. The ship's ventilation occasionally creaked and groaned, sending shivers up and down the General's spine, an unease he put down to childhood weakness and the sounds of the ship likely dying around him. Sometimes he was sure he heard footsteps, following the noise only to find more emptiness. It seemed as though someone might be leading him, a thought that became more fully formed in his mind as he finally came upon a large Atrium of sorts that appeared to act as a main hub to the ship. Shaped almost like a wheel - this would have been the center. There was a cafeteria that smelled vaguely of spoiled fruits and animal meat gone bad. Hux read the various informational signs that lead to different parts of the huge ship, trying to think as Ren might. Where was he? Hux might have doubted if he was still there, but Ren's ship was still aboard. He was a force user, but there was something so dire about this ship that Hux doubted that even he had had a chance to leave. Hux somehow doubted he might be allowed to leave, himself. Hux wandered the atrium for a time, trying to think as a overgrown child of the force might think. Retrievals usually meant murder, but Hux doubted that even Ren was capable of this sort of destruction - and he was sure that if the Knight had been responsible, there would have been some evidence of his whole scale murder. The lack of blood seemed more distressing in this case. He had begun to hope to see some sign of Ren when something flickered at the corner of his vision. The General spun to find a little boy standing near the med bay. A little boy with orange hair, much like his own. He was dusted with freckles and had clear eyes, a resemblance that bore so strongly with his own recollection of himself at that age that Hux was sure he was imagining things. The boy spun and ran off in the direction of the med bay, before disappearing down the halls altogether. ------ Hux followed. He had little time to argue with himself about the logic of the decision, but if it was somehow related to Ren, he knew he had to. The lights had completely gone out in the med bay, which made it impossible to see. Hux dug for his holo and lit it up, using it as a barely passable flash light to make his way down the corridors. He thought he caught glimpses of the running boy, and it's what drove him further into the dark depth of the med bay. Whatever knocked him backwards was unseen - causing him to crack his head hard against one of the walls. He reached up and saw blood glittering on the tips of his glove-clad fingers, his vision blurring in just the slightest before he blinked it clear enough to see what had assaulted him. It moved with an uneven grace, like a lanky limb doll that rose up from it's legs first, rolling upward until it was upright. Hux recognized the orange hair, but not much else resembled the boy he had seen. Hux grasped his pistol and blearily fired off a few shots, but the creature moved with a stunning agility and quickness despite the overall wrong shape of it's frame. Eventually the creature was upon him, it's rank breath spilling into his features - a stand-out quality despite his rapidly fading consciousness. It was not how Armitage Hux had planned to die, stranded on an abandoned ship in search of a man who had been a scourge since he'd met him. The last moment he recalled was a flash of red light, the familiar sound of an unstable lightsaber; and his vision going completely black. "Ren?" He muttered, before completely losing consciousness. Chapter 2 : The Adventus Summary: Hux "finds" Ren, but the situation aboard the Adventus isn't exactly hopeful. Hux woke up with one hell of a headache. He reached up to touch the back of his head, attempting to sit himself up, and a large, strong hand pushed against his chest to keep him in a febrile position in the makeshift bed. "Stay down," It was Ren. There was no mistaking his deep, dulcet tones. "Had better to keep him abed if can," Another voice intoned, one he did not recognize. "Got big blow to head." Ren did not respond, and Hux opened his eyes. His head was bandaged and they had taken some of his clothes off, leaving him in his standard issue white shirt and his wool trousers. His boots were also gone. The blaster was sitting beside his bed, though it looked as if it had been broken in the scuffle. His eyes finally turned to the source of the voice. Ren was sitting on the other side of the cot, his arms crossed over his broad chest. His eyes had gone yellow quite some time ago, a bit of red surrounding the iris in each creating a sickly sort of look. The injury he had sustained from the destruction of the Starkiller had left a scar across his face, from forehead to cheek. Hux recalled the first time he had seen his face, and how he hadn't been able to hide his surprise at how boyish Ren really was. A true dichotomy, that such a cherubic face could house such a mind. Now, his outside matched his inside. Hux knew it was likely the very beginning of the transformation, but there were things about Ren that seemed off. He had not shaved in quite some time, leaving him with a sort of patchy beard. A product of youth and genetics, he supposed. His hair was long and tied back into a pony-tail at the base of his skull. His robes were missing, entirely, leaving him in more standard clothing. Hux was busy debating the effect on his overall intimidation when the other voice spoke again. "How you head? Hurt, yes?" The voice came from a Ho'Din male who stood rather a good length shorter than Ren. Hux eyed his snake-like hair and knew him at once to be a healer. Likely an installation of the ship, or whatever remained of it. He spoke basic well enough to indicate that, and Hux touched his bandaged head once again. "Yes, it hurts like kriff," he muttered. "Can I get up now?" "No," was the firm response that came from Ren. "I was speaking to the healer, Ren, who I've gathered can speak for himself," Hux bit the words out, his anger at the fact that he was here spilling over into his tone. "General should remain in bed, like Master Kylo say," He agreed, and Hux rolled his eyes like a spoilt child. "But if you must get up, I cannot be stopping you. Drink this and I leave you two to rest," Hux took the foul smelling liquid and gave Ren one look - Ren returning it with something that seemed to suggest he would not be brooking refusal. Hux begrudgingly swallowed it back, finding it caught at the back of his throat in an unpleasant way which caused him to cough. "What is this?" He sneered, slamming the cup by his bedside. The Ho'Din, who seemed rather sunny, shrugged and left the room by way of the side door, which seemed patched from other objects. Hux then noticed the entire room was made from make-shift barriers, and he heard a good deal of chatter coming from outside the fake walls. "What's going--" Ren held up his hand. "I will explain what I know once you wake. That foul-smelling liquid he's given you is going to put you to sleep," Ren paused. "Rest now, you will be needing it." Hux was about to protest, but Ren was correct - and he was pulled (rather forcibly), back into sleep. --------- Hux woke some time later, though how much time it had been he couldn't be sure. He thought that when a person had a concussion, the point was to keep them awake, but whatever the magic medicine the Ho'Din had given him had miraculously cured him of his headache and his blurry vision. They had removed the bandage too, and the bloody bump on the back of his head had already scabbed up. He touched it and found it was still a bit tender, but not as it had been. Hux sat up, finding the room was darker than it had been, but Ren's presence made itself apparent quickly. He was sitting, cross legged on the floor - his hands folded in his lap. Hux knew from experience that he was likely meditating, and found he had every desire to disrupt him as much as possible. "Your thoughts do enough to disrupt me," He purred out, unfolding his hands from his lap and pushing himself into a stand. He had gained some grace in his time away. His body no longer seemed too big for him. "Stay out of my thoughts," Hux growled. "It's difficult when you broadcast them," Ren's reply was flippant, and he pulled a chair up beside the cot. "I don't," He meant for his tone to sound firm, but instead he sounded childish. "Do you mean to tell me what exactly is going on here?" "I got here a few months ago, and when I arrived the station was mostly abandoned. I'm sure you noticed the gravitational pull? Well, it disables your ship. And I found I can no longer get communications in and out. And the Force appears to be keeping my thoughts and attempts to reach out to Snoke here, on board," Ren's voice sounded slightly frustrated. "What do you mean?" Hux knew he sounded unbelieving. "I'm not sure. I just know that all of my attempts to communicate with him have gone unanswered...and you being here now leads me to believe he never got them," "You're right about that," His tone was petulant, again, and he thought he saw Ren smirk. "What about that thing that attacked me?" "They appear, generally, as family members, or people that others have lost," He admitted. "That's all I know about them, excepting how to cut them down effectively," Hux's gaze fell, and he was thoughtful. What did it mean that he had seen himself? "The remainder of the staff and those who lived here have hunkered up here, there appears to be safety in numbers, and something in this particular part of the ship keeps them mostly at bay. Every so often we'll get a straggler that will find it's way in," Ren stretched his long arms above his head, relaxing into the chair. "I've agreed to help them, if only because there might be someone here who can help us get off of the damned station." "And what of your 'retrieval'?" Ren's features became impassive, a look Hux recognized. "A test I have not passed yet," His reply was cryptic, at best. "Well, I can't say I expected any other answer from you," Hux sneered, he didn't like it that he was mostly left out of the loop in 'Force matters'. "I go out during the early hours. Aboard, it's a simulated day and night, closely resembling that of a human world," He admitted. "Mostly what we are doing now is scavenging for whatever information we might be able to dig up. There are enough rations here to last us awhile, and people disappear each day, but we might have some chance of figuring out what's happened," "And if I don't agree to help you?" Ren seemed nonplussed. "What other choice do you have, General?" Hux settled back down onto the cot, crossing his arms over his chest. He had to admit, Ren had him beaten there. --------- Ren had left him blissfully alone the next day. When Hux had woken again to artificial light that closely resembled sunlight, he found that Ren had gone - but there was evidence he had been there in the form of a rumpled, standard issue ration blanket in his chair. Had he slept? Hux heard the chatter of those who moved around outside of his cube. Occasionally the healer would bustle in and out to check on him, but Hux got the idea that he was a very busy man. He slept fitfully, and found that he did not enjoy reclining in bed for a long period of time. Eventually, he crawled out of his cot and began searching for his fur-lined cloak. It was nowhere to be found, though he did find his military jacket and his boots. It was odd that it had gone, but he supposed he could ask Ren about it once the Knight came back from his ventures. He pulled on his shoes and crept out of the cube. There was little to see, but what he did see where the few remaining. Some of them were so pale with loss it was unbelievable they still stood upright. Some merely sat against the walls and stared off into the distance. What help Ren thought he could find among these people was lost on Hux, as no one even really seemed to notice his presence. The healer visited others, which lead him to believe that perhaps this was more of a sick-bay rather than the complete area of survivors. He made his way out of the draped tarps and canvas, finding that there were quite a few more survivors, and they were more of a livelier bunch. A pall settled over the room once they sighted the newcomer, and Hux, normally commanding, felt somewhat out of place. He stood up straight and headed over towards the make-shift cafeteria to get a ration. He found he was starving. He found a quiet space to sit, preparing the ration with water before he began eating. It was not good, but it sufficed in curbing his hunger. He was so focused on his food that he didn't realize that someone had taken a seat across from him. It was Ren, who had put his robes back on - his hood was up but the helmet was missing. Hux seemed unimpressed. "Where's the storm-trooper helmet?" Hux knew it was not a storm trooper helmet, but he got the idea that having it referred to as such was a splinter under Ren's nail. "I'm fairly sure I was clear on where you were to remain," Ren said, almost jovial. "You know as well as I that I cannot stand to waste time in bed," "There are a few things I can imagine wasting time doing," Ren was looking at him. Hux hid his reaction as well he could. "Have you found anything useful?" "There is a library. I seem to recall that you have a strong background in various languages, written or otherwise. I will take you there tomorrow," "Isn't is possible that whatever is causing this is an alien life form?" "It is possible, but it seems unlikely. There is such a void in the force here that it's almost as if it is a gaping wound," Hux couldn't help the roll of his eyes. "Would you have me believe that because you have not happened upon it, it cannot exist, Kylo Ren?" His voice was louder than intended, and the others in the area looked at the pair of them with fear. "Quiet, general," Ren said, leaning in to drop his voice to a whisper. "I have struck an uneasy alliance with these people, but many of them do not like the presence of a force user," "And you mean to tell me you couldn't just cut all of them down?" "There's no reason for that as of yet," Hux believed then that Ren had changed. Or perhaps he had finally seen the benefit of some logical thought. --------- After they had both eaten, Ren lead him down a series of winding, make shift corridors. It was almost like a maze, but Hux thought he could get back out again. Under normal circumstances, he would not have shared a space with Ren, but it seemed in this case he would be bunking up with the man. Ren had impressed on him that it was smarter that they stay together, but Hux wasn't sure he could deal with the man's company in such an up close manner. Ren had somehow managed to get an actual room, with walls that were made of building material instead of canvas. There was a bunk bed, which he had probably stolen from one of the living quarters. He had obviously taken ownership of the bottom bunk, as the blankets were slightly mussed - but the rest of the room remained relatively clean and sterile. Ren did not live in a place, really - he just occupied a space that he required when he required it. Hux knew little of his family, but he knew enough to know that Ren didn't want to pin pictures of them around his bunk. Ren began disrobing with little shyness, hanging his robe aside and tugging his obi from his body. He stood tall, and had always had a habit of looming. Hux tried to fix his eyes elsewhere, but they stubbornly traced the lines of his back, noting the scar from where the man had taken a blaster bolt and nearly bled to death in the snow. Ren turned in the process of tugging on a bed shirt, but Hux had torn his gaze away. He was far less comfortable disrobing in the presence of another. He felt, in fact, like buttoning up another button. Ren found another item of clothing and tossed it at Hux. "You can sleep in that, unless you'd prefer to remain in your uniform," "Ren, where did my cloak end up?" He asked, suddenly remembering that he hadn't been able to find it. "Cloak? I don't remember you having one," He offered, looking as though he was trying to call up the memory. Hux was unsettled at this, but he couldn't quite pin down why. "I'm not tired," he said, instead. "Is there brandy?" Ren laughed. It was a sound Hux was unused to hearing. "No, but they make their own sort of alcohol," He disappeared briefly, returning with a bottle of milky looking pink liquid. "It looks awful," Hux said, grasping the bottle from Ren as he found two cups. "It's this or nothing, General," Hux accepted the drink, tossing it back and bracing for the worst. Ren also did so. "I thought you weren't supposed to partake?" Hux asked, pouring out another. "The rules are a little bit lax, here, General. We are stranded on a veritable ghost ship, full of ghosts," "You seem jovial," Hux said, sulkily. "You said you weren't tired. Should we play a game?" Hux took another sip of the alcohol before speaking. "Alright, let's play a game." ----- Chapter 3 : Pazaak for sore losers Notes: Chapter three is up!! Comments really help, so leave em! And thanks for the few kudos so far ;) Hux had a few more drinks - and Ren had cut himself off at a sparse two. He was not sure what made him want to drink, perhaps it was the situation they found themselves in and the fact that there was nothing better to do with their time. Hux didn't want to sleep, and Pazaak seemed a good time waster...until Ren proved that he was much better at it than Hux was. Part of their agreement had been strip-Pazaak, which had taken some convincing. Hux was down to his black underwear and dog tags, and he was perhaps more mildly drunk than he intended. It was also freezing, and he stood, nearly knocking the table over to retrieve a blanket from the bed. Ren seemed to frown a bit. "It's freezing, Ren. You're quite good at this, do The Knights of Ren have a great need for good pazaak players?" "Something I picked up along the way," "Oh? It's part of your training, is it?" Ren played again, winning the very next hand. Hux groaned. "I have no more clothing to take off," "I beg to differ," Ren pointed, though Hux very staunchly shook his head. "You are completely devoid of kindness," Hux muttered, but he stood up and proudly threw the blanket from his pale, freckled shoulders. Ren watched as Hux's fingertips slid along the waistband of his underwear with a sort of focus that made Hux shiver. There was something in Ren's gaze that made him want to tease, but the moment was very promptly shattered when Ren's attention was focused on the door. He stood very suddenly, though very silently, and placed a finger over his own lips to indicate that there should be silence. Hux thought it might have been some very elaborate prank, but he could not forget the encounter he'd had before Ren had found him. He quietly reached for his trousers and pulled them on as Ren moved inconspicuously towards the door. The shirt came next, which caused his hair to finally fall free of the gel he used to keep it slicked back against his head - the last reminder that he had come here a respectable General only to be met with this strange situation and Kylo's apparent indifference to it all. The General managed to sober up quite quickly when he saw the line of Ren's shoulders straighten up - he was like a predator in that way - it was always obvious when he seemed ready to pounce. Still, he made no moves, leaning into the door. Hux began to hear it too, an ocean of whispers, frustrating in that he recognized the words but could make no sense of them. It sounded as if there were a thousand small children standing right outside of the door. "What-" Hux began, though he was promptly cut off as Kylo wrapped his large hand over his mouth. He pulled him unnecessarily near, so close that Hux felt the press of his chest against his back. Hux had a thought to bite him, but Ren's fear was almost palpable. Hux shoved himself away from the taller man noiselessly, wiping his mouth off. Ren stepped back from the door, lifting his hands to his head in a gesture of pain. His face was a grimace of it, in fact, and he stumbled backwards into the bunk bed with a clattering noise. Hux was unsure what to do, but his body reacted before he really could, and he was hovering over a now groaning Ren as the whispers grew stronger, and then finally subsided. Ren was still groaning, but his face relaxed when Hux reached out to touch his arm. "Ren?" He got a groan in reply, but Ren's hand came out and grasped his arm, tightly. Hux waited, wondering if the man would say anything. Ren's grip finally loosened on his arm and he sat up, narrowly avoiding knocking his head against the top bunk. "What was that?" Hux questioned. Ren gave him no reply, instead standing, though he didn't seem too steady on his feet. That was when the banging against the door began - first a few knocks, and then a raucous, loud banging. The door looked like it might splinter from whatever was putting weight against it, causing Hux to take a few steps backwards. "Where is my blaster?" "It doesn't matter, it won't help," Ren said, cryptically. He kicked in one of the shafts from the ventilation, which was big enough to crawl through. "Go through there, I'll follow when I can," Hux hesitated, but he wasn't sure why - however he was forced to move when Ren tossed his jacket at him and shouted "Go!" Hux quickly made his way into the shaft at a crouch, following whatever direction it lead him. He heard Ren's lightsaber activate in passing, but he wasn't able to see what was going on from where he was, and it seemed like a poor idea to attempt to get turned around. ------- Hux followed the shafts for as far as he could, and a couple of times he was sure he would die in the ventilation shafts, as it didn't seem to empty out anywhere. When he finally saw light slipping in from a grate, he breathed a sigh of relief so huge he was fearful that whatever might be out there might have heard him. He scooted himself onto his back and used both of his legs to kick the vent open (noisily), and crawled out into an open room. Somehow, he had been lead back to the Atrium, where the vague smell of spoiled food permeated. He worried for Ren, if only because he knew that the man might have died and he would have to figure out a way to get off of this ship by himself - a task that had seemed less daunting with the Knight around. The Atrium appeared empty, and Hux moved out into the open carefully and quietly. The light was artificial, though the Atrium opened out into a large view of the space around them - all darkness and glittering, distant stars. It was beautiful, and in another time he might've appreciated it more. Hux felt exposed in this large area, but he realized that he was exhausted. It was likely a mixture of the alcohol and the sudden shock of being assaulted, but he wasn't sure he could allow himself to sleep, on his own, out here. After some wandering, he dislodged a steel pipe and swung it a few times, thinking it would have to suffice as self defense (but it was likely the only good it did was provide him with some modicum of comfort). Hux found his way into a sectioned off part of the Atrium, a part he guessed was for visitors. It reminded him of a visiting room, in any case, with it's lined up rows of chairs all facing an empty office that was surrounded in thick plastic. The office looked like a good place to get some rest, and he leaped over an open portion where the glass opened, placing his pipe down and hunkering down into the middle of the area. It was still freezing, and he was sorely missing his cloak. He wrapped his arms around himself and after what seemed like hours of eerie, uncomfortable silence, he fell asleep. -------- He was woken by someone calling his name. And then, respectively, by someone shaking him. He started up, pulling himself back from whoever it was whilst wildly swinging his fist in an attempt to punch the person shaking him. He landed it with a sickening crack, and opened his eyes ready to do more damage. Unfortunately, it was Ren standing in front of him, not some sort of monster. He reached up and massaged his jaw. "Ren," He tried to hide his relief, which quickly turned into petulance. "You shouldn't have woken me up like that," He crossed his arms over his chest until he got a better glance at Ren, who had obviously had better nights. "What happened?" "I'm not sure," He muttered, dropping a pack full of items onto the floor. "I cut down as many of them as I could, but it's obvious that whatever is causing these people to disappear is using them for other purposes," He groaned, throwing himself back against the wall. "You've got a good right hook, General," Hux noticed he was bleeding right through the arm of his dark, heavy robes. "Take that off," He commanded, motioning. "Why General," He murmured, smirking. "Oh shut up, you're bleeding," He pointed again. "There are rations and med supplies in the pack," Ren said, shrugging out of his robe and revealing a fairly nasty looking and jagged wound. Hux moved over to the overstuffed backpack and unzipped it. He came up with his folded cloak, and glanced over at Ren. "The healer had taken it, I found it in his supply cabinet when I was stealing whatever they had gathered up," Ren reached over to touch his own arm, more clearly examining the mark. "I wonder why," Hux said, more to himself than to Ren. He pulled out his standard issue blaster, which he was thankful that Ren had grabbed. There were a few medical supplies, but Ren had tried to fill the pack full of food, which was probably smart of him. He found gauze, and something to clean the wound with, and made his way back over to the Knight. He leaned down in front of him, lowering his brow, which caused his features to look rather pinched. "This is a bite mark," He muttered, glancing up at Ren. "Courtesy of what once was the ships' Captain, I believe," "Do you have a plan?" Hux asked, dumping the antiseptic all over the wound - watching it bubble up in the spots where bacteria had found a home. Ren dropped his head back against the wall, a small hiss escaping him. "I'm suspect I might have waited too long already - whatever this thing is it's gaining power. I can't always resist the whispering," He seethed out. "So?" "So the people who lived here are operating under some sort of hive mind. My guess is that we've got to find the source of it, and destroy it. It's likely it's holding everything on board as well as preventing communication to the outside world," "Have you any idea where we'll find it? This ship is huge, and some of it is clearly inaccessible," "I think we should try getting into the command center. We might be able to send out some sort of mayday from there, manually. This is a fairly advanced ship, there might also be some sort of heat sensor to see if we might be able to see where they're all hiding. They've got to be hiding somewhere," Hux dabbed the wound free of crusted blood, and remained silent as he began wrapping Kylo's bicep with gauze and medical tape. "Do you think Snoke would send others after us?" He finally asked, glancing as Ren shrugged himself back into his robe. "I think if we include that there's a life form here that might be able to override force ability, he might," "Are you so sure in your own ability?" Hux moved to put the items back, but he found himself caught by Kylo Ren's hand, which tugged and forced his gaze back on the Knight. There was something in Ren's gaze that made him uncomfortable, but Ren gave no response to his surly question. He only said "Thank you," in a muted tone and held onto Hux's arm for a little too long. Sometimes Ren was so polite that Hux forgot who he was - but in that moment it was entirely too easy to see him as a flawed being with desires. Ren seemed to sense what he was thinking, and his grip loosened until his hand fell back into his own lap. "You look as though you could use some rest," Hux finally said. "I'll keep a lookout," Ren only nodded before his eyes closed. Hux watched the steady rise and fall of his chest before swinging his cloak on and grabbing his blaster, heading out into the open area to keep watch while Ren slept. Chapter 4 : The Library Notes: What to do when you're in a dire situation and you're in a library? Make out, of course. Ren slept for what seemed like a long time, but Hux noted it was only a few hours before the man was up and about again. He had never thought himself particularly pampered, being part of the Order, but he was wishing that they had come across a working refresher that ran with hot water. His head was aching and his body began to show signs of stress - as a few purple marks rose up on his pale skin here and there. It was nothing compared to how Ren looked, with his bruised jawline and his bloody robes. He hopped over the counter of the office and came to stand near Hux, who had been strangely left alone the entire time he stood there. They were silent as they examined one another, and Hux stepped closer to lift his own hand and tilt Ren's face so that he could get a better look at the bruise. He felt a bit sorry, and was about to voice it, but Ren spoke instead. "I know," Ren said, turning his head back. "Are we going to spend the rest of our lives here in this Atrium?" "I can think of worse fates, but no," Ren began packing their items back up, pulling his hood over his bruised features. "I would say we should split up to cover more ground, but I don't think it's a good idea. I have a general idea of which direction we should head, just based on where I've been before. I still think we should head to the library and see if we can find any useful information," "What sort of information might we find in a library?" Hux asked, a little sarcastically. Ren glanced up, his dark hair falling into his eyes. "Well, there might be a map," The 'P' on the word map was enunciated. "Let me have a look at your arm," Hux finally said, stopping Ren from packing away the med supplies. "Never thought of you as a mother hen, General," "Just call me Hux, and please shut up," Ren pulled his arm free, tying his robes around his waist - leaving him clad in a sleeveless sort of undershirt that was black in color. Hux unwrapped the binding he'd done a few hours ago, pulling the gauze away from the teeth marks. It didn't look as though it was infected, the wounded skin was pink and beginning to scab. He cleaned it and re-wrapped it, entirely focused on the job at hand so that he could avoid running his fingers along Ren's arm, which was sinewy and warm. Hux's fingers crept up his arm just a small amount, but the touch was brief - as he seemed to realize what he was doing and pulled his hand away. This man was a devil; he had to assume the sudden desire to touch him was the situation they found themselves in. Ren hadn't seemed to notice, flexing his arm after it was wrapped up and pulling his robes back up. He glanced at Hux, who was beginning to show signs of peach fuzz along his jawline, matching the color of his orange hair. Hux finished packing up what Ren had begun, leaving his blaster free - spotting Ren's lightsaber set aside. He wouldn't dare touch it, as the sight of it made him just a bit uncomfortable. "Follow me," Ren said, retrieving his weapon and hooking it onto his belt. Quietly, they slipped through the ship, Hux following Ren as silently as he could manage. Ren was surprisingly silent when he wasn't stomping around in a fit of pique. In fact, Ren had a surprising amount of skills that Hux had never noticed before, but it hadn't been very long that he had even first saw his face. The corridors were sometimes dark, and sometimes the lights responded to their motion, which cast a sort of sordid yellow glow on both of them. The library didn't take a long time to get to from the Atrium, though it did take a bit of guess work to find the room. Ren's 'powers' seemed to come and go here, which obviously made him frustrated. It was likely like being able to see and then going blind. They both entered the room, finding that the door still worked - sliding open and shut with a little tinkering from Ren, who seemed to know how to rewire the control panels manually. He destroyed it with his lightsaber after the door had closed behind him, perhaps the best option for keeping it locked now. Hux wasn't sure what the people on the ship were now capable of but he watched as Ren destroyed yet another part of a ship. "Your true talent," He grumbled Ren only shut the lightsaber down in reply, hooking it back to his person. He began by checking the walls, hoping that the map was in plain sight. Hux went directly to reference, hoping to find information about the ship itself. It would make sense that the library contained some information about the ship, but this one had none. Hux slid out holo after holo and nothing seemed to be exactly what they were looking for. Ren moved about in much the same way, seemingly having just as much luck as he was. Hux looked up and found that Ren had disappeared from sight. He slid the holo back into it's place, quietly stepping out into the wider area of the library. Ren was nowhere to be found. He wandered the semi-large arena, looking down the aisles. The ship even had old books, which Hux ran his fingers along whilst searching for the other man. He found him among the books, some of which looked quite old. Relics of the past, his father might have said. He didn't think it was possible to sneak up on a quasi-Jedi Knight, but Hux was surprised to find that Ren seemed rather fixated on a book he held in his hand. "A map?" Ren spun on his heel, slamming the book shut with a slight flurry of dust. It was a children's book. He deftly slid it back onto the shelf, as if he were trying to hid it. Hux glanced at the spine, arching both of his finely sculpted brows in a curious way. He reached out for the book, but Ren came to stand firmly in front of it like a block of cement. He was about as pliant, and when Ren tried to go after the book he found his hand had instead connected with Ren. "I haven't had any luck with maps," Ren said, his voice quiet and his eyes on Hux. "I haven't either. Isn't a little strange that the library of this ship has no information on said ship?" "Yes, it is," "Alright, tell me what the book is," Hux's burning curiosity couldn't be ignored. "It's nothing," "Ren, either move or tell me what it is," Hux put on his best, stony General face. "It's just a children's book that my mother used to read to me," "Your mother?" Hux had a hard time thinking of Ren with a mother. He certainly hadn't had one himself - not that he recalled. Ren didn't seem to know how to reply to the question, merely examining the man before him with a sort of curious look on his face. Ren seemed to stand down then, stepping aside from the shelf in which he had previously been protecting. Hux carefully slid the dusty book from the shelf, filled with weathered and faded images. In fact, it was so worn he could barely read it, though he did definitely sense that it was about Wookies. He couldn't help the bubble of laughter that escaped him, his clear eyes seeking out Ren's. The petulance that Ren often displayed in the company of others was nowhere to be found; his features instead holding a sort of soft amusement. Hux looked back down at the book, and then back up at Ren, who seemed much closer than he had been previously. Hux was not that much shorter than Ren but he was certainly more slight, and Ren was hovering. Ren's motions were smooth, and Hux's mouth was suddenly occupied, causing him to drop the children's book. Ren's mouth was subtly soft, and Hux's breathing quickened. The General backed up, knocking a few books free from their shelves - though Ren was persistent. Hux opened his mouth, an audible sigh escaping him as his fingertips found Ren's robes, one hand gripping the heavy textured fabric and the other pushing against his solid mass. Ren's leg came between Hux's, and their weight pushed back against the bookshelf threatened to topple it. The Knight's kisses became an assault, and there was a definite friction between his leg that threatened to turn dangerous at a moment's notice. Hux felt the almost oppressive heat of the other man, which burned pleasantly where Ren had placed his knee. Each point of contact with Ren set Hux alight with sensitivity; he could feel the fabric of Ren's clothing and the definite shape beneath them, he could feel Ren's hands making their way beneath his own clothing and brushing hotly against his skin. Hux pushed back against him, righting himself from the bookcase, using the full weight of his frame to push Ren back against the opposing shelf. Ren recovered after a stumble, wiping his mouth and looking at Hux with eyes that seemed more red than usual. If he felt rejection, he did not show it - and they remained silent and breathless, staring one another down. Hux, who hadn't been so unsure since he'd been a boy, was at a loss for a snarky reply - and so he walked away from Ren, leaving him standing over the dropped children's book. On his lips was the vague taste of blood; a small prick of pain where Ren had bitten him - his lips swollen from Ren's persistence and stubble. He lifted his fingers to trace them along his mouth, drawing away blood. He had to find a map. ! Hux tried his best not to think of what had happened, instead focusing on the task of trying to find a map of the ship. He decided to make use of what reference system he could pull up, though it required access and Hux was only able to access what a basic guest might. There weren't many places to find maps, but after a few back and forth swipes between the holo he realized his best chances were where the books were - as there seemed to be no updated maps in the holos he found. He didn't think he could go back to where Ren had been, not as of yet - but he quietly began jotting down places he was hopeful to find information to at least piece together a map. He was trying to discover why a place wouldn't have a map, but it made him think that perhaps there was more to his theory that something had been seriously wrong with the Adventus for awhile. He found the books after building up his courage, but Ren had disappeared - leaving behind only the fallen children's book. He went through each, finding that there were bits and pieces of maps of the ship in these old books. He didn't know how helpful they would be, but he began piecing them together on a forgotten piece of tracing paper and a pencil. Hux never used pencils, or paper, but his upbringing had required he learn how to write, so the task was complete (as far in as he could with what information he had), after a couple of hours. Hux glanced up, looking over his space before his eyes landed on the pack full of rations. It got to be the time that it had the first night he was there, and he began to feel uneasy that another attack might come. There were vents, and the library was not the best or most easily defensible. He tried not to think of where Ren had gotten off to, but wherever it was he hoped it was useful. He fell asleep without realizing it, tonguing the small nick that Kylo Ren had left behind on his lip.