After the Awakening Finn It passed a month since Starkiller base was destroyed. The ex-stromtrooper on resistance hospital’s bed had no idea about how long it passed since he fought against Kylo Ren. He just woke up after a long time of sleep, to him, it was like he just arrived. The med droids which were around him told he was safe in D’Qar and nothing more. Finn touched his back, feeling the large scar that was part of him now and he felt grateful for being alive. It demanded a lot of bacta to heal him and it wouldn’t happen without the determination from the doctor’s base known as Doctor Kalonia. The first impulse of the young man was to try to move his legs and he sighed relieved by realizing he didn’t lose his movements. A woman entered the room after he woke up, she was tall, short hair, her hands and her voice were soft. She was known by her competence and by treating her patients really well. Finn already saw her at the first time he visited the base, but it was the first time he actually talked with Doctor Kalonia. “Hello Finn” she said “how are you feeling? “Lost and confused” he answered “for how long I slept?” “Well… there’s no easy way of saying it. It completed a month yesterday.” Finn pressed his fingers against his forehead trying to remember what happened. He only remembered of snow, dark and pain. “I can’t believe I slept for an entire month” he said upset “what did I lost? How are the things? Do you know something about my friend, doctor? Her name is Rey.” “Oh, the girl who everybody is talking about” the doctor said smiling “she’s all right, kid. Rey’s on a mysterious mission, she left after being rescued by you. I must suggest you to rest, okay? Tomorrow we’ll do some tests with you in order to check out your memory, all right?” “Yeah… all right” he agreed “and Poe Dameron? How’s he? He is my friend too.” “Commander Dameron visited you plenty of times while you were unconscious. I believe as soon as he realize you’re awake he’ll come to visit you, but he and the Black Squadron are on a mission too, they’ll return in some days, so I don’t think you’ll see him immediately.” “Understood” “Get some rest, Finn” she advised again. Finn was feeling rested, when he knew he had slept for a month the only thing he didn’t want was to sleep. He was feeling sad, alone and useless and, to make things worst, there was nobody he knew in that place, if he had someone to talk maybe he would feel less depressed. But it wasn’t the case, the young man, dazed, started to think about his life. He certainly made a decision, the most important decision of his life, but he still felt sad. He wasn’t able to protect his friends… Rey… Solo… and even Poe when they fell in the middle of the desert. And he had to hear people calling him a hero, his acts of heroism resulted in a month of coma and more expenses with bacta than he could even imagine. In the next days, he passed through tests and more tests, not only to know how was his memory but also to identify any thing that the First Order could have done with his body, especially his blood and his brain, apparently, everything was practically normal. “Finn, what exactly you used to eat?” doctor Kalonia asked. “Rations, mainly” he said. “Well, by analyzing your blood samples we realized you ingested a huge quantity of hormonal inhibitors, but as you’re not ingesting it anymore it must regulate with time” “And… what that means?” “Basically, you’ll start to feel things more intensely” “Hm” he answered He didn’t really understand the meaning of that, but he could feel it would be problematic, maybe it was the explanation for the fact he was feeling so depressed. He wasn’t used to feel normal things like happiness or sadness before. “When I’ll get out of here?” he asked. “Soon” He knew that “soon” could mean he’d really be out of that room in some days or it could mean he’d still spend some more time hospitalized. Finn wished to have someone to talk, Poe, Rey, or even Chewbacca who he didn’t understand very well, but there was nobody around in that day. He spent some time looking at the ceiling until he felt asleep. REY Luke Skywalker was, at least, curious. Rey was still getting used with his presence. The man emanated something that she couldn’t identify, but probably it was about that jedi things, about being force-sensitive as she was. Rey didn’t really want to be in that island in the middle of nowhere, but for sure it was better than what she left behind. Strangely she kind of missed Jakku when she remembered her life in that place. Now, that some time passed, she even had fun with some memories, she asked herself about how her house would be if she returned, also her flight simulator, her old rebel helmet and the speeder she built. She used to imagine everything in its place just waiting for her catch it, but Rey was a smart girl, she knew that every single thing she had must been looted. There was this non-wrote law in Jakku: if you find something you claim as yours. She already taken many things as well. At the exact moment the girl was rambling, she was cleaning inside the Millennium Falcon, she didn’t claimed for that ship, however, it was hers now. Inside the Falcon it was like she could feel Han Solo’s presence. They met for a short time but she had become attached to the smuggler so deeply that she couldn’t accept his death. For the first time since she arrived to the island she cried hugged to her knees. Her crying was initially triggered by the memory of Han Solo, but she also started to think about many things that made the tears to roll more and more intensely. She thought about Finn and how horrible was to not have news about his condition. She thought about Maz Kanata’s words: she’d never see her parents again. And she thought about the fact that Skywalker refused to train her. She spent some more time in there until find strength to clean her face as if nothing had happened. If she learned a thing living alone as a scavenger it was that she couldn’t be weak and she certainly wasn’t. She cleaned her tears and finished the basic maintenance of the ship and then, she returned to that mysterious and beautiful island. Skywalker was on the top of the island, he was always in there. Rey walked through that path one more time like a procession. The sea air in that place was salty and extremely clean, breath it made her to feel alive. When she arrived to the top, the man was meditating. “I came to return your lightsaber” she declared “I think I must leave” “You think?” he asked “And why do think you must leave?” “Well… yesterday completed a month that I’m in here and… nothing” she sighed “my pardon, sir, but I really want to do something to save the Galaxy, I’m going to join the Resistance” She extended her hand to give him the saber, the same one he refused before. “You know, Rey… you said you came to return my saber, am I right?” She agreed with the head. “This saber isn’t really mine” he affirmed and showed another one, the luminous blade was green “this is my saber, the one that I built. This saber that you carry it was my father’s” “Darth Vader?” She asked, terrified. “Yeah, he was also known by this name, but I prefer to think in him as Anakin Skywalker. This saber in special never belonged to Vader, only to Anakin, even though he already started to turn to the dark side.” “And… what that means?” she asked “this lightsaber… called for me” “It can mean everything and it can mean nothing” he explained “great things were done by this saber… some of them terrifying, but still… great” What the legendary jedi meant Rey did not know, but she let him to keep speaking, an uneasy silence hovered the air. “Did you know that patience is a jedi virtue?” Skywalker finally asked. “No, Mr. Skywalker, I didn’t know. Until a month ago I thought the jedis were a legend. I believed you were a myth. I didn’t know that patience is a jedi virtue.” “I can’t risk myself training someone again and let happen what happened to my nephew” he sighed sad “I promised myself if you were able to wait for an entire month I’d train you” It took some time to Rey to understand she passed through Skywalker’s test. “Wait… are you saying you’re going to be my master?” her eyes widened in surprise. “Yes, young padawan” Kylo Ren The Supreme Leader Snoke just talked about how crucial it was for them to capture the girl, the scavenger known as Rey. Before her appearing, the First Order’s leader used to give special attention to Kylo Ren, but now his efforts appeared to be totally focused in the girl and that fact was making the knight feel flustered. Ren was feeling humiliated as he never did before, the words his father told before die were echoing in his mind since his death, what if Snoke really only wanted to use him? He was so tired and forceless that all he desired was to disappear. He really wished to vanish from the First Order and even from the Galaxy if necessary. Not even Snoke would be able to restore the Empire in its glory, he thought. Until now, Ren has followed Snoke blindly, but he started to question himself about what the leader really wanted. The Supreme Leader always felt the conflict in him, but now that he was painfully in doubt about all the choices he ever made in his life, his master appeared to be not noticing anything, all he wanted was to know about Rey. He believed in the rule of two, only two siths could exist, and if Snoke was so focused in Rey to not even care about all the doubt and pain which were emanating from the knight, then, maybe Ren was really doomed. Ren thought about try to usurp Snoke, but he knew he wasn’t strong enough yet. Rey wouldn’t turn to the dark side, he simply knew that, she was the most luminous creature he ever met in all his life, even more than Luke, although in a totally different way. Kylo not even wanted to imagine what she would be able to do when properly trained, she didn’t want him as the teacher, but Skywalker she’d do. Kylo was thinking about all these things when the comm in his pulse beeped, calling him to the ship’s headquarters. Irritated, he walked to his destiny limping a little in consequence of Chewbacca’s shot. Tough the wound was completely healed he would never walk normally again, the shot hit his bone. When he arrived at the HQ, there were General Hux, Lieutenant Mitaka and the pale hologram of Snoke in there, Ren looked in the digital eyes of the creature and shuddered. They were all silent waiting for the leader to speak. “How’s the soldiers’ reposition?” Snoke asked directly to Hux. “We needed to appeal to a clone army” he answered “we’ll land in Kamino soon to catch them. It wouldn’t be possible to train Stormtroopers as we did before” The general looked directly to Ren as if he says “and it is all your fault”. “Lieutenant Mitaka, I want you to send me the plans of the next offensive” he asked “I’m going to analyze them”. “Understood, Supreme Leader” “Kylo Ren” the soft and macabre voice caused shivers in the knight’s spine, whatever the Supreme Leader would ask it would be a new challenge, he could feel “our next incursion will be in D’Qar”. “Yes, Supreme Leader” “Can you handle it?” he asked incisive. “What’s the difference between a parricide and a matricide?” the sith lord asked “I’ll do what It have to be done” By returning to his room, Ren started to think, he really have killed his father and conquered the trust of the Supreme Leader and now he just asked for another challenge: to invade D’Qar, the Resistance’s base, his mother’s base. Kylo headed to the old and twisted helmet which belonged to Darth Vader, he used to kept it as if it was the most precious treasure ever, his hand touched the plasteel twisted and deteriorated, and he searched one more time for the connection with the grandfather he never knew, the grandfather who he only heard stories about, the one who was the greatest sith lord that ever lived, and the greatest jedi warrior too. He took off his own helmet revealing his delicate face marked by a large scar. “My grandfather, please, help me” he begged “I felt it again… the temptation of the light”. Poe Dameron It has been about two weeks that Dameron and the Black Squadron had entered the Hutt’s territory. Poe knew the Hutts wasn’t really sympathetic to the resistance cause, but they also didn’t have interest to ally with the First Order. Poe and the rest of his squadron weren’t familiarized with that species, but they were in touch with one specific Hutt at the past and freed him from the prison. Although Grakkus, The Hutt, had already payed for his freedom with crucial information about Lor San Tekka’s whereabouts. Leia thought that would be interesting to have a Hutt ally to the rebellion, and it was ‘cause their past that Poe was in that place. Teth was a swamp planet and incredibly the most part of the population was human – smugglers and bounty hunters, of course – but it made easier for Poe, Jess, Karé, Snap and L’ulo to mingle with others. They split up in order to achieve information, but who found it first was Dameron and he headed to where Grakkus was. His castle was far bigger than the one they visited in Megalox prison, the wealth and the ostentation made him lose his breath for a moment. He knew all of that luxury was a result of working with the Black Market and he refused to think about it when he was about to try to negotiate with the creature. When Poe arrived at the castle the guards didn’t permit him to enter it claiming that Grakkus wasn’t expecting any visitors. Poe who was already out of patience sighed and revealed his identity for the first time since he left D’Qar. “Please, tell Grakkus, the hutt that Poe Dameron came to visit him” The pilot, still out of patience, waited until his escort to come, the name of Poe Dameron certainly ‘cause some impact in the creature, maybe he was thinking that Poe was in there to take him back to the prison, but he’d never imagine that the Resistance was trying to ally with the dirty side of the galaxy. “Well…” Grakkus started to say at the moment he saw Poe “I’m wondering what the best pilot in the Resistance want with me now. I suppose you found Tekka, don’t you?” “Tekka is dead” Poe answered feeling the bitter taste in his mouth by remembering he wasn’t able to stop Kylo Ren “I came for another reason” “Hm, I suppose you found the map” Grakkus continued, ignoring Poe “now that the Resistance will have Skywalker by its side the war will be over” Poe couldn’t avoid to laugh. “It’s not as easy as it seems, Grakkus” The hutt looked at him seriousness, each centimeter of his huge body was alert in the presence of the pilot. “What do you want, Dameron?” “Our… partnership has proved itself really useful in the past, don’t you think?” He asked, cautiously “you’re not in jail anymore and I reached my goal” “Stop the bullshit! What do you really want?” “Well… Terex is dead and I’m pretty sure you don’t want to negotiate with the First Order again. Ho nestly, we need to move our base urgently and I know that you, with all your influence, can get us a place out of the radar of those freaks. It could be even in here, in the Wild Space” The viscous creature laughed out loud, he kind of liked Poe he was a really dared human. “And what would I receive in exchange? I doubt you have anything that in interests me” “Well” Poe starred at him with some fun in his eyes “I heard you used to collect jedi artefacts” Poe grabbed the attention of the Hutt immediately, he asked himself which jedi artefact the human could have. Poe took an old lightsaber from his bag and showed to Grakkus who got really excited in the presence of the object. “It belonged to Ahsoka Tano, Anakin Skywalker’s padawan” Grakkus could barely contain his excitement in front of the object, he looked at Poe and said: “We have a deal, I’ll arrange a new base for you. I believe you will not let the saber with me yet, am I right?” “I wouldn’t be that stupid” he answered. “So… one of your friends who are walking around Teth will have to stay in my palace or nothing done” Poe waited for something like that, he and his squadron had already talked about that possibility, Poe wanted to stay, but the general didn’t allow him to do that, he was her best pilot and she needed him close. All of them agreed that L’ulo would be the best option, he was the most experienced among them when the deal was war considering he fought against the empire many years ago. “L’ulo will stay” he agreed. They shook hands briefly, Poe reunited with his squadron and they settled their travel back to D’Qar, they needed to prepare the base to be evacuated and it would gain time to Grakkus to arrange the new base. L’ulo who was a serious person didn’t show disgust to stay in Teth, he was honoring his duty with the resistance. The Black Squadron prepared their ships and left, they travel for some days through the hyperspace without big problems. When they landed in D’Qar, Poe met directly with the general Leia Organa who seemed to be really worried about leave that planet soon, her countenance showed calm after Poe’s report. “I don’t know what I’d do without you” she declared “you and your squadron must take the day off” Poe agreed with a head movement, he barely believed he’d finally have some time to rest. “ah, and Poe?” “Yes, general?” “Your friend is awake” Chapter 2 : Do not be afraid of the light Notes: Hey guys, I'm finally back. Enjoy the reading. Finn Doctor Kalonia was extremely satisfied with Finn’s recovery, for some unknown reason his metabolism was faster than normal, he could even walk slowly. Finn didn’t know that they weren’t expecting him to walk again, they even considered to use robotic prosthesis. The doctor tried an experimental procedure: micro droids were insert in his body in order to inject bacta inside his spine’s bones, and that’s how he recovered his movements. But because he had been lying unconscious for a month, his steps were still crooked and confused, and he felt sad for not being able to walk and run like he did before. Although the doctor had affirmed that he would be full recovered soon , Finn was still upset and wished the time to accelerate until he could be who he was before. Kalonia, the nurses, and even the med-droids, had applauded him when he took his first steps, wearing a protective vest for his spine, but Finn did not feel so happy. In fact, he felt like a child learning how to walk. It was not that he was not grateful, he knew he owed his life to the Resistance and to Rey, but it was just frustrating to know that all his friends were out there doing something and he could not even walk straight without make an effort. Finn mentally thanked the Force or whatever deity there was for Rey, Poe, and even Chewie had not seen him in the first days after waking, he felt terrible and had no idea how he would react in the presence of his friends. He was feeling kind of sensitive, which should have to do with the hormonal question the doctor had mentioned. More than once he cried when he realized how good it was to be alive, more than once he cried when he realized that he was alone, more than once he cried when he remembered Han Solo. Finn had never cried until then, the first time he felt the tears burn in his eyes he was distressed, but after all was over it was a relief. He felt himself human for the very first time in his life. General Leia Organa had come to visit him and talked a lot with Finn, recruiting him to the Resistance. He felt extremely happy, he thought that as soon as he was healed they would dispatch him, considering he was once a stromtrooper, a traitor, but the rebels insisted on treating him as a hero. Approximately three weeks after his awakening, Finn was already walking almost normally, although he could not yet make an effort and had to continue to wear the protective vest, such a recovery would not be possible if his metabolism were not so accelerated. He was quiet doing the exercises he was asked to do with the nurses watching him when he heard a familiar voice entering the physiotherapeutic area. “Finn, buddy!” He heard the voice of Poe Dameron, who was already running toward him to embrace him “Poe Dameron!” Finn exclaimed, happy and relieved to finally see a familiar face and hear a familiar voice. The two embraced each other fraternally, happy to see each other, although they had met for a brief time they considered themselves friends. Finn felt a stab of pain as the other squeezed him, but said nothing. "I'm sorry I could not be here when you woke up," Poe said. "You know, the missions do not stop." "Poe, you do not have to apologize, it’s your duty" Finn said, "and how are you?" "In sky, as always…" he said. "You can fly at anything, right?" The ex-stromtrooper asked, remembering their first met. Poe laughed relieved to see that his friend was feeling well. “Yes, of course. Soon you will be flying with us.” REY "Concentrate, Rey." Skywalker's voice was the only thing she heard. Chewbacca and R2-D2 took Luke's old x-wing to fly a little, Rey thought it was fair with the ship, it had been a long time since she was standing on that island and the girl was sure Chewie was going to take her to some type of maintenance. Only Rey and Skywalker remained on the island and he was asking her to concentrate. She still did not quite understand how meditation would train her to wield a lightsaber, or use what they called the Force to lift things up, invade minds and everything else. But when she closed her eyes and concentrated, it was just as Maz Kanata had told her, she could feel the Force . "I'm concentrating, master," she said, "I just do not know exactly what you want me to see." "See through time," he continued mysteriously, "past, present, future. Do you know why I came to this island? "Han said you were in search of the first Jedi Temple," she said. "And you see something here that can be like a temple?" Rey opened his eyes and looked around, she knew the island like the palm of her hand, she was very observant. She learned to recognize territory while living in Jakku, a misstep and could die sinking in quicksand or get lost in some sandstorm. But even though she knew the landscape around her, she looked again, and saw no sign of a temple. "No, master," she said earnestly, "I see no temple.” Luke stared her mysteriously, she could never decipher what was going on in the old man's head, even though she was an excellent character-judge. "Neither do I, Rey," he sighed, "but it's here”. “How? Where?” She asked in surprise. “We'll find out.” Rey concentrated again, now she had a purpose, to see through the Force, to see using the Force, a glimpse of a very old temple passed through her mind, but before she could identify what the vision was about, she interrupted it, she felt afraid .” "I'm sorry, Master, I'm afraid of these visions, ever since I touched it for the first time," she said, showing Anakin Skywalker's saber. “Fear, right? Well, you must get rid of it, fear is the path to the dark side” Luke repeated the words he heard from his own master in what seemed to have been another life. "But fear is part of the human nature!" She snapped. "Yes, Rey. But we, jedi, have to learn to control our emotions. Fear leads to anger, anger leads to hatred and hatred leads to suffering. A jedi trains his whole life to not be afraid.” Nothing Luke spoke of seemed to make sense to the girl, she was struggling like she had never done in her life, but she did not see significant results, she wanted to become a Jedi, of course, but everything was so slow and they didn’t have much time, she knew it might be too late for the Galaxy. Rey was distressed, anxious, wanted to see her friends, wanted to help them more than anything in her life, actually that was why she was in Ahch-To with Skywalker. She knew that as long as he did not push her thoughts away from other people she might not be able to see whatever her master wanted her to see. "Master, why are these visions so confusing?" She asked. "It does not look like it should be like this" "And it should not, Padawan," he said. "It's the dark side, it clouds everything, it disturbs and unbalances the Force, but this place we're in is sacred, it's a place of light . Do not be afraid of the light.” Rey concentrated once more, she closed her eyes and pictured every detail of the island. She imagined the sea that surrounded it, the stones covered by the undergrowth, the rocky stairs that seemed to have no end, the birds that flew there, the huts made of stone and stone that was on top of the island. By visualizing the big stone, the biggest of all, a vision began to appear in Rey's mind, generations and generations of masters and padawans positioning themselves in front of the gigantic rock and using the Force together to reveal the temple, she also saw that there were several temples scattered throughout the galaxy, but in fact, that one was the first. She opened her eyes again and noticed that Luke was watching her, his blue eyes looking at her with curiosity, but he did not ask anything. She was still processing the information she had seen, the past, the future, and the present. "It takes a master and a Padawan to activate the temple," she said. And Luke smiled. KYLO REN For some reason that Ren did not understand, General Hux was always around, he suspected that Snoke had asked him to watch him closely, perhaps his master had finally realized all the conflict that existed in his apprentice, a conflict that always existed, but which had intensified lately. There were some things Snoke did not know about Ren and one of those things was that he had frequent nightmares, premonitory nightmares. The last one he had disturbed him more than anything, he saw himself being killed by the master himself and saw Rey turning to the dark side. Kylo knew that the future was constantly changing and he was absolutely certain that Rey would not abandon the light, but still feared for himself, he knew that he was in that current situation because of his thirst for power, he knew that being someone of the direct lineage of Darth Vader he was destined to something great ... and tragic. Now that the Order knew where the rebel base was situated they would not necessarily need a station like Starkiller to annihilate them once and for all, but it was only a matter of time to the Resistance find a new remote planet, so that mission was extremely important, to show that no one should defy the First Order. And that was exactly why the clone army was extremely necessary. A small fleet of ships that would soon be full of clones landed on Kamino, but only General Hux and Kylo Ren descended from the Finalizer . The Kaminoans were reserved, did not have much contact with the outside world, Kamino was one of the few planets of the Wild Space that was cataloged. There was a time that the Old Republic and Kamino had an excellent relationship, even some jedi came to stay on the planet inspecting the training of the fleet of clones, but it had been a long time ago, after the Clone Wars Kamino was forgotten again. And now the Kaminoans were negotiating with the First Order. The tall, pale-skinned creature received Ren and Hux and led them to the extensive clone factory, they were all dressed in black armor already bearing the First Order symbol, Hux smiled when saw them, felt satisfied, he knew the training he provided to his stormtroopers was infinitely better than those soldiers had, but the clones would be loyal and as disposable as the stromtroopers. “Here is your army” Litva, the kaminoan who received them, said showing the soldiers. "There's no chip in the heads of these clones, eh?" Kylo Ren asked in a bored tone. "We were not asked for any of this" she said seriously. "And how many are likely to be sensitive to the Force?" Hux asked, Ren looked at him surprised with the question. "It’s likely to happen" she replied, "considering the genetic material we received.” She ordered the army to take off their helmets, they were all so pale, even paler than Litva. Ren had just discovered who had been cloned even though he looked younger and had no scars, they were clones of the Supreme Leader himself. POE DAMERON Grakkus had finally gotten in touch. A new base was being set up just as Poe read the decoded message, it would be installed on Ilos, a rural planet of Hutt Space. Poe and Leia were extremely pleased with the new location. Hutt territory was neutral territory, not even the Empire was able to dominate it. "Though it won’t be so neutral now that we’re entering it" Poe thought. The biggest concern was that other Hutt would get involved and denunciate them to the Order, but from what Poe had researched, that planet in question had not been watched for a long time, he breathed a sigh of relief for the first time since they blew Starkiller. He knew that Grakkus was unreliable considering he was a gangster and a fucking Hutt, but they were without options, Poe hoped the creature's obsession with the Jedi would be enough to keep them safe. The idea of delivering a Jedi artifact to him also bothered the pilot, Poe knew that when he'd been arrested in past his whole collection had been seized, but he was sure that the Hutt would not rest until recover it. Poe was sure that whoever was Ahsoka Tano in the past, she would not like to see her lightsaber exposed at a gangster's room, but Poe knew they had no choice and Leia had told him that one day they would retrieve it, he just hoped they could really get it back at least to honor the memory of the dead jedi. The pilot hated even more to know that L'ulo was trapped in Grakkus castle, of course he was being treated as "a guest", but any missteps and he could die. L'ulo was the closest he had to a family in the Resistance, he had known him since childhood, the durosian had flown with his mother in the Rebel Alliance fleet. That was exactly why Poe was so determined to make that unlikely partnership work, to keep L’ulo safe, to keep the Galaxy safe. He still remembered when he was a child and asked his father - a war veteran - if he had not felt fear during the Battle of Endor, he recalled his father's words that his greatest fear was that everything had been in vain. The New Republic has been too careless and it cost many lives, all the lives that once inhabited the Hosnian system. But Poe could not afford to be depressed. He knew that the Resistance with all its flaws was the best thing in the galaxy at that moment. He would give his life for the cause if it were necessary, he would give his life for survival of the democracy. And now they had a greater chance, they had never worked with internal information before, and had recently recruited a former stormtrooper, Finn. Finn... The soldier had drawn Poe's attention ever since the day he approached him to offer him an escape, if Poe was alive it was only because Finn had been brave enough to defy the Order. His recovery was going very well and Poe was relieved to know that everything was running smoothly, he would blame himself for the rest of his life if Finn had not survived, which is why he always went to visit him. "So, buddy, how are you today?" He asked excitedly as usual. "Better," he replied with an obvious excitement in his voice "Dr. Kalonia told me that I will be discharged tomorrow. I will finally leave this room although I’ll have to continue with the physio.” The two vibrated with the news, finally the former stromtrooper would be outside of that hospital environment. "That's great news, Finn," Poe said, patting his shoulder, "and you know what you're going to do when you get out of here?" "I have no idea how the Resistance armada works," he said, "but I’m used with ground fighting and infiltration, I've been trained all my life for it, but I still have to be able to run to be myself again” "Then you'll be a pathfinder, of course," Poe said, "and you know… take your time” “ A Pathfinder?” "The pathfinders are a special force, they’re elite soldiers, really well trained like you… I doubt anyone here had a better training than yours. I hate the First Order, but they know how to build a good soldier…” “Hm… I see” "So that's it," he replied. "even general Solo fought by the side of the pathfinders in the past, my father was one of them. Many people here in the Resistance have been in the trenches with them.” "Your father was a member of the rebellion?" Finn asked in amazement. "Yes, my mother too, she was a pilot" Poe replied proudly. "I started flying with her, my first ship was an a-wing.” Finn was silent for a while thinking about his future, everything seemed so uncertain. Poe already had a history of rebelliousness in the family and he did not even know his lineage. "So your father was a pathfinder and your mother a pilot?" he asked, once again “ they must be an incredible couple” "They were," Poe answered, "my mother died when I was a child.” "Sorry," Finn said, regretting that he had touched the subject. "No need to apologize, it's doesn’t hurt anymore… I miss her all the days of my life but.." Poe sighed. "I carry the good memories I have with her in my heart and I do what I do to honor her. And yes, Finn, my parents were an amazing couple, you know… my father even being young when she died never got involved with anyone else.” "I see" Finn said, "well, I think we'll know soon enough what I'm going to do, I really want to be useful, there’s no words to thank you all for everything you did for me." Poe liked the idea of Finn being a sergeant as his father had once been, he was sure that the soldier was fully capable, he was a good leader, a good strategist, and a good fighter, but they would probably keep him with the Intelligence for a while in order to take advantage of any and all information that he could offer. The pilot caught himself imagining both fighting together, Finn on the ground and Poe in the skies and came to the conclusion that something like that had already happened in Starkiller. But now Finn was really adept at the cause, they really would be like his father and his mother... Poe felt a certain strangeness in that thought and immediately tried to push it away. Notes: If you know Portuguese and want to read the original work you can check it out in: https://spiritfanfics.com/historia/star-wars-ad-astra-et-ultra-7601136 (It's not complete yet.) If you wanna know more about me I have a tumblr, come and say hi: http://dovahkiin6669.tumblr.com/ I hope you enjoyed the reading. See you in next chapter. May the force be with you! <3