Senator Runen Amarkin shifted in his chair, ever so slightly. He wasn’t a nervous man by nature but the way the man across the desk studied him, made him a tad uneasy. He knew what he was getting into, had known from the beginning, yet now part of himself doubted his current course of action. “Let me see if I understand you correctly Senator,” The younger redhead said leaning forward on the desk with his elbows. “You want us, to get rid of her?” There was skepticism in his voice as he asked this, it made Amarkin shift in his seat again. He had heard this particular General was very intense and focused but due to the man’s younger age he had brushed the warnings off. In all his years of dealing with the First Order he had always dealt with someone his own age. Someone he had vaguely known from before the fall of the empire when he’d been a young man. “I do not want her dead. I want her out of the way temporarily. Where she can’t interfere with my dealings in the Senate. The git has had it in for me since she became Berenko’s Junior Senator two years ago. At first no one listened to her because she was young, but now, now she has a great deal of influence. More so than I thought was possible.” He pushed a hand through his graying blonde hair. Hux studied the man while he weighed his options. Amarkin's planet was helping the First Order a great deal both financially and strategically. They had never once asked for anything in return, until now. This girl must truly be interfering if Amarkin was asking for their help. “Its my mistake though,” he rambled, “She's Delan Talin's daughter, of course she would be influential.” Delan Talin was a former Naboo Senator and rebellion fighter himself. Now he was in charge of Naboo's plasma mining and exports, Amarkin had hated him when they worked alongside one another in the Senate. When Delan retired he had been thankful that he was out of his way, but now his daughter was causing just as much, if not more trouble. Hux lifted his Datapad from the desk skimming the article about Senator Talin, but said nothing. Nervously Amarkin cleared his throat and continued. “I need her to be gone while the militarization bills are voted on. If she persuades the neutral systems to go through with them you will lose a great deal of advantage over the republic.” Hux set the Datapad down. The holo image of the young woman flickered as he again met Amarkin’s gaze. “What do you want, exactly Amarkin? I don’t have all day to listen to you babble on.” Amarkin cleared his throat again, pulling at the collar of his tunic to relieve the stifling heat he felt. “I need you to take her hostage for a little while. Even if I were to somehow get her back on her home planet she would be able to keep in touch with the Senate. If you took her, though, she would be unable to do so.” “Why don’t you just let us kill her and get on with it?” Amarkin shook his head, almost violently so. “No, I need her alive. We have other plans for her.” Hux's lips curled in disgust at the older man. He wasn’t sure what that meant, but he had no desire to ask. “Capturing her would be a lucrative endeavor as well. Her father and Queen Amaranthis Would give anything to get her back. We'd be able to get our hands on some of the highest quality plasma in the galaxy. It’s really a win-win for us both.” Amarkin finished just as the door to Hux's office opened behind him. Hux glanced up at the person but immediately looked back to Amarkin. “I shall consider your request Amarkin. If the Supreme Leader deems it an acceptable use of our resources we will let you know.” Amarkin glanced at the presence behind him and nearly jumped out of his skin. The creature that towered over him made him feel as if he was a bug, the visor of his mask trained on him. He gulped nervously again, sweat trickling down his temple. Another person he'd heard of but had never had the pleasure of meeting. The Jedi Killer. He looked more demonic than Amarkin originally imagined. But what had he expected of Snokes most promising pupil, a man who had killed his fellow students without remorse. Kylo Ren didn’t pay him heed for very long before he looked to Hux. Amarkin stood and excused himself, thanking the general for his time and made his exit. Hoping his plea hadn't fallen on deaf ears. With Senator Amarkin’s exit, the two men stayed silent for a moment, Hux leaning back in his chair. “He wants us to take Senator Talin captive and out of his way. I’m not sure if his request will cause us more trouble than she's worth.” Ren was silent for a moment, Hux knew his gaze was focused on the holo image of the senator on his desk. "He thinks that her father and Queen will pay almost anything to get her back. I’m tempted to humor him just to see if he’s right." The holo clicked off seemingly by itself, though he knew Ren had done it. His mask gave no hint of the emotions he felt, but his subtle changes in posture and stance were enough for Hux to sense Ren's agitation. "He is correct, Delan Talin would give or do most anything to get her back. If the Supreme Leader, condones it, we should grant his request." Of course Ren would know better than anyone about that, and not just because of his force powers. His aide entered the office, letting him know that Snoke was now requesting to speak with them. Hux stood and threw on his coat, picking up his other datapad. He walked past Ren who hadn't moved an inch from his spot. "Coming, Ren?" He received no answer, and Hux left, the office door swishing shut behind him. When he knew he was alone Ren reached over the desk and picked up the datapad he'd shut off earlier. It clicked back on and her image flickered to life in his hands. He Studied it for a moment or two before he placed it back down on the desk and left the office. ---- Life, Annalise mused, had a funny way of pushing her in all sorts of directions. Like today, had she known earlier in the week that she would have an opportunity to speak to the Senate in a special hearing, she would have meditated more. This was very last minute though, and she’d just barely gotten the amount of votes she needed to address the floor like this. She adjusted her skirt, taking care not to trip on it, and pushed a strand of auburn hair out of her face. Taking a deep, steadying breath she moved forward on her platform into the light of the center of the great hall. Glancing around, there were thousands in attendance, all from different systems in the galaxy, all with a stake in what she had to say. She only hoped that they would listen. Hopefully they would, and they could start the process of at least beginning sanctions against The First Order. She glanced behind her where Senator Berenko stood, who motioned for Annalise to start and with another deep breath she began. "Ladies and Gentlemen, I come before you today to speak about a looming threat. One I am sure, you all are aware of." It stayed quiet save for the slight echo of her voice. She looked where Chancellor Villecham was seated and continued. "The First Order is on the move. We have all seen the proof, they are preparing for war, striking outlying territories and planets. If we do not do something, here and now, they will attack." Her voice was surprisingly steady as she said this. "I've seen the proof myself, seen the massive amounts of credits being siphoned into their accounts. They are now using TIE fighters-" "This is ridiculous!" A male voice boomed. She looked up to the source of the interruption. Amarkin. Of course. How could she have thought he would let her do this without interrupting. She had hoped that both Ro-Kiintor and he had been unable to attend, because this had been so last minute, but she was wrong. "You disagree with me then, Senator Amarkin?" She drawled out refusing to let him rattle her. His platform came forward and he glared at her. "I disagree entirely, Senator Talin. Your so called proof is nothing but blurry holo's of attacks that could have been perpetrated by anyone, and hearsay of survivors who wouldn't know a TIE fighter from a hole in the ground. Chancellor Villecham, I implore you, to stop letting this woman continue to spread fear when it is completely unnecessary." Annalise stood straighter, her anger rising, though when she felt Berenko tense behind her she calmed herself. "My proof comes from reliable sources, including Republic pilots who have witnessed these machines in action first hand." Amarkin scoffed, "Republic pilots? You mean Dameron? He defected to The Resistance, if you'll recall. Major Lonno Deso has even stated that there is no threat. The First Order doesn't have the equipment or the resources to make these so-called attacks." "With respect, Major Deso does not seem to fully grasp what The First Order is capable of," she threw back. "And you do?" Amarkin sneered. She nodded. "I do." She said with a confidence that surprised even her. She pushed a button on her datapad and a holo lit up above her and Amarkin. Large and bright enough for everyone in the hall to see. It was not as blurry as it had been when she first received it from the outer rim near the unknown region. There was hushed gasps as everyone in the hall looked at it. " I received This image a few days ago from the outer rim. It was sent here, to us, for review. A TIE fighter, striking a village on a small planet, thought to hold Older Empire archives." People were whispering amongst themselves above them. 'I might actually win this.' She thought, her heart soaring with elation. She tentatively felt out the emotions of the Senate above her and she had to keep herself from smiling. Amarkin's jaw nearly went slack as he also took in the image. Then he straightened and glared at her with watery blue eyes. "Tell me Senator Talin, you mentioned Dameron earlier, did you not?" "Actually, I didn't by name if you recall. You did." her voice stayed steady. He grimaced at his own blunder but continued on anyway. "Don't you think, it is a conflict of interest for you to invoke his name professionally?" She froze, her stomach turning to ice, though she kept her expression neutral. "I'm not sure that I understand what you are getting at Senator Amarkin." She kept her voice as steady as she could. "Aren't you, involved with the former commander?" "Professionally, yes, he has helped me before. But I do not see why-" He cut her off, "Aren't you also good friends with General Organa?" His voice was dripping with derision as he said her name. Now she definitely knew where he was heading. "A few years ago yes, I was friends with then Senator Organa, but I have not been in contact with her for many years." There was more whispering from the others above her, and she could feel their emotions changing, and not in her favor. This was bad, ever since the revelation of Leia Organa and Luke Skywalker’s parentage five years ago, anyone involved with them politically suffered. Normally she wouldn’t have cared to be linked to either of those names and had almost been several times, but if this last ditch effort to get anyone to listen was going to work she could not let this get out of hand. Suddenly Chancellor Villecham stood, causing both Annalise and Amarkin to be silent. "I believe, we have had quite enough talk of The First Order for today. Senate is adjourned until tomorrow, we will continue our talks on the Trans-hydian trade relations." With that he left and Amarkin smirked at her in victory. She had to stop herself from speaking to him, afraid she'd give him more fuel to use against her. A hand touched her shoulder and she looked up behind her at Senator Berenko, who smiled faintly at Annalise. "You did your very best, I am sure when the militarization bills go to vote, they will allow you to speak once more." She assured her softly. Annalise nodded mutely, clicking her datapad off and following Berenko and the Gungan Representative, Latel out the hall doors. Chapter 2 Notes: This is honestly a lot longer than I thought it was going to be, but it was necessary to flesh out the plot. Thanks for reading. :) “He needs help with one senator?” The holo asked his voice not loud, but disgusted at the thought of having to use precious resources on one measly Senator. The dark audience chamber was filled with only two actual people, standing on a platform that was raised above a series of tables and chairs. General Hux stood a bit straighter and replied, “It seems she is incredibly influential in the republic senate. Amarkin believes she may also have ties to The Resistance and that they are filtering her knowledge and proof of our operations.” The man to his left didn’t move, but merely stared up at the holo of their leader, his arms behind his back. He added nothing to what Hux said. “Amarkin believes that her Queen and father would give us anything for her return. Naboo is rich in plasma.” He pointed out, though he knew what Snoke’s answer would most likely be. Snoke scoffed and leaned back in his chair. “Capturing her would be a ridiculous waste of time. Just have her assassinated and be done with it. We have no need for plasma, no matter how high quality it is.” Hux restrained himself from smiling then and there. While the prospect of getting their hands on plasma from Naboo was enticing, the means that they would have to use to capture Talin was ridiculous. She was safely ensconced in the heart of The Republic. It would be tremendously easier to pay someone to kill her, no matter how much Amarkin needed her for plans he had. Kylo Ren made no outward show of disagreement but after years of being in the young man’s head Snoke could tell that he didn’t agree with himself or Hux. He sat forward again, bracing his arms on the end of his seat. “You disagree with me, my apprentice?” his voice low, almost threatening. “She is valuable for more than her ties to Naboo.” He said simply, keeping every hint of emotion out of his voice. “How so?” “She’s an archivist, she may be able to help us with extracting the map to Skywalker from the archives of the Empire.” The General looked incredibly offended by Ren's suggestion. “We have our own archivists working to get that information.” Hux nearly spat, fixing his glare on Ren. “Annalise Talin worked with the Empire’s archives on Corusant. She has first hand experience with those systems and codes. Our archivists do not, which is why it is taking them so long.” Ren said meeting the ginger general's glare through his visor. “Talin would be able to extract the information I need faster, and I’ll be able to deal with the last Jedi before he can return to help The Resistance.” Snoke leaned over to one side propping his head up with one hand, the other hand tapping against the arm of his seat, contemplating what Ren had said, ultimately coming to the conclusion his young apprentice was right. He would, after all, know more about her than any of their spies did. “If I allow this capture to happen, it must happen quickly and quietly. We are not yet ready to initiate a full blown war on The Republic. Not until the weapon is ready. If word got out we captured and held one of their senators hostage, we would face both The Republic and The Resistance.” Hux looked from Ren to Snoke, the displeasure at actually having to give into Amarkin’s ridiculous request etched into his face. “Yes, Supreme Leader. Amarkin has already notified us of the best possible way to lure her away from Hosnian Prime.” “Good,” he said waving a hand in dismissal, “You have my permission to move forward with this.” Hux left and Ren smiled to himself under his helmet, feeling rather proud, not only did he get the satisfaction of seeing the General not get his way, but he was also going to get the map to Skywalker sooner than if he continued to rely on their historians and archivists. Snoke studied his apprentice for a moment. “This won’t be a problem will it?” Ren knew what he referred to and promised him that there would be no problems at all, that he was sure of it. His goal was the destruction of the last Jedi, nothing more. Snoke was happy with his answer and let him go. Hux was waiting for him when he exited, his disapproval written all over his pale face. “Happy now? I should make your knights do all the work since you’re so dead set on getting your hands on her.” Hux’s voice was clipped and biting, which meant Ren's dig at his people had hit just the right spot. “My knights would be better at capturing her anyway, they’re more subtle than your stormtrooper's.” Ren said walking away from the red faced general. That had been nearly two weeks ago. Amarkin had informed them that now was the best time to capture her. Instead of using his knights, he decided to hire a bounty hunter. It would be better to involve as few people as necessary, especially if this was to be quietly done. He did however have his knights handle the finer details of the arrangement. The Mandalorian bounty hunter pursed her lips at the message on the screen. Reading the terms of the agreement as the man in black robes stood before her. He was an emissary of Kylo Ren, one of his knights, she figured. He looked like a monk with the way he held his hands in front of himself, and kept his head low. “You do realize that the moment she goes missing, all hell will break loose?” “You don’t need to concern yourself with that. Just get her here.” Draria Praxis rolled her dark eyes and shrugged, pulling her dark braids back off her shoulder to fall behind her back. “Fine, but I want double. This whole thing is going to be a pain in the ass. She’s a heavily guarded Senator, from what my sources tell me.” “Done.” He agreed, which honestly surprised Draria, they must really want this Senator, but she couldn’t blame them, Talin was causing a great deal of trouble, having her out of the way would be pretty beneficial for a lot of people, not just The First Order. “She is not to be harmed under any circumstances.” The knight said, his voice intoned with a warning. Draria, rolled her eyes again, picking up her helmet as she went to leave. “Whatever, I doubt once we get her she’ll actually put up any kind of fight.” The monk reported back to his Master who made no outward show of any emotion and dismissed him. The trap was set, all he needed to do now was wait for Annalise to take the bait. --- Though Annalise was calmer by the time she reached her office, her anger had by no means abated, but no one would guess by looking at her. Her outward appearance was one of serenity as she walked past the other senators and personnel in the Senate. A small smile graced her lips and her light green eyes were alight. She tipped her auburn head in the direction of some of her other friends, then disappeared into the office wing she shared with Berenko and Latel. She slumped into her desk chair and rubbed her eyes. This entire process was exhausting. Since Poe had messaged her nearly a year ago with information regarding the First Order it had been non stop. Though there were whispers among the galaxy that the remnants of the Empire were organizing in the unknown regions, not many had believed it. As they grew stronger more information trickled in, Leia Organa had discovered several covers for the organization nearly five years ago, but even with all the proof she had, no one believed her. Especially after the debacle regarding her parantage. It struck Annalise as incredibly sad, Leia and her brother Master Skywalker had fought against the empire and nearly lost their lives several times for it. They had sacrificed so much to reform the new Republic, but in the end none of that had mattered, it seemed more people were concerned with bloodlines than their actions. Hadn’t they proved their loyalty through their dedicated service to the rebellion and the new Republic? She stopped dwelling on it, because it wouldn’t change anything at the moment. Sitting up she flicked on her computer and tapped out a message to Poe, briefly outlining what had happened. He’d see it for himself on the holo net later, but she still kept up an open line of communication with him. Since he had defected to The Resistance he’d been sending her tidbits, hoping her influence would be enough to sway the republic. General Organa had few friends left in the senate and Annalise would not turn her back on her. Though she still couldn’t bring herself to speak directly to the woman, too afraid of what she might learn. Her gaze flicked to the drawer in her desk and she stopped typing, for a moment. The nostalgic urge almost too powerful to ignore. She opened the drawer and picked up the tiny holoprojector inside. She worried it in her hand, biting her bottom lip with her teeth. Everytime she did this it made her upset, but she continued to look at the image every now and again just to remind herself of what her life had been like at one point. Stars, it felt like it had been an eternity since she had left, but in reality it had been only six years. Her life had changed so drastically since then too. She had never planned on being in politics like her father, but here she was. More or less pushed in this direction after the Jedi archives had been destroyed. When Berenko had asked her to be an aide she had thought it would be left at that, but when the other Senator stepped down Annalise was asked by Queen Amaranthis herself to run. She insisted that with Annalise’s knowledge of history and politics combined with her compassion that she would make a great Senator. So here she was two years into her term, only six more years to go and she’d be free to go back to doing what she loved most. A small beep brought her out of her thoughts and she set the projector down in the drawer again, forgotten for the moment. Poe had already messaged her back, that was exceedingly quick, she thought, clicking the message open. 'Its ok Lisie, I know you tried. If I find out anything else I'll let you know. Don't give up.' Poe was ever the optimist she thought leaning back in her chair again to take a deep breath and close her eyes. She tried to feel out anything she could through the force but it was still silent and dark, just as it had been for the past five years. Her connection was small compared to others, but enough that she could read people and their feelings. She tried not to normally, mostly because she felt it was an invasion of someone’s privacy, But also because if she grew too strong in the force right now she’d put an even bigger target on her head. It was bad enough tales of Kylo Ren killing every known force sensitive being made the news all the time, she didn’t need him coming after her. Though she wasn’t entirely too sure if he had known her from the temple, she figured if he did he should have come after her by now. So she kept her powers hidden away, relying on what little(in her opinion) charisma she had, so that she wouldn’t invite his attention. She shut the computer down and sat for a moment, glancing again at the tiny holoprojector in the drawer, before she shut it, deciding it was best not to look at it again. It was getting late anyway and she had to leave. She stood and pulled her hooded robe off the back of her chair and pulled it on. The dark brown plainness of it contrasted oddly against the ornate purple dress she wore, but she didn’t care. She pulled the pins of her hair ornament out as well, letting it fall over her shoulders and back. She sometimes hated the ornate styles she had to wear when she was attending a session, but Naboo custom dictated them, and she could not, would not disappoint. She glanced at her reflection in the mirror across the office, her auburn hair fell around her shoulders, she didn’t realize how tired she actually looked until she noted the dark circles under her green eyes, though she was glad to see her cheeks were filled back in, as if she had gained the weight she’d lost a few weeks ago from being sick. There was a knock and she turned to see Berenko entering. "That was good," the older woman assured her. "but you should back off, at least until the vote happens." "If I do that, then there’s every chance that everyone will just ignore what I'm saying. We need to push against them, stars I’d even take a sanction, at least that would be an acknowledgement that they're a threat." Annalise said incredulously, she picked up her datapad and walked around her desk to stand in front of her mentor. Berenko stood for a moment in front of the younger woman, contemplating her. Her light blue eyes held a great deal of worry in them. Thadlé Berenko had known her since she was a child, and could read her like a book. There were no words really needed between them and Annalise knew better than to try and play it off as if she was unaffected by all this. Annalise relaxed "I'm sorry Thadlé," Thadlé moved closer placing her hands on Annalise’s small shoulders, in a comforting gesture. “I understand why you fight so hard,” she whispered her voice low enough that Annalise had to strain to hear her, “but if you continue to push this they will stop listening to you completely." Annalise nodded, knowing she was right. Push too much and they may believe her to be crying wolf, especially since really all she did have were what amounted to blurry holo’s. "They will listen, eventually, you just have to have faith in this process." It’s hard to have faith in a process that relied heavily on people with selfish interests, she thought. Not everyone was here for the greater good, a great deal of other Senators cared very little for the interests of other worlds and sought only to further their own personal interests. "You've always been like a daughter, I hate to see you get strung out like this. Now, go home and do not dwell on it tonight. We do have a busy day ahead of us tomorrow." They embraced for a moment as if they were mother and daughter and Annalise went to leave, passing Latel who was a good six foot eight, dwarfing both Annalise and Thadlè. She bid him goodnight and left the office. She was stopped several times, not wanting to disappoint or be rude she listened to them chat away, a small smile plastered to her face. She desperately wanted to get out of here before- “Talin, leaving for the evening are you?" She cringed as the other women looked behind Annalise. She took a deep breath and turned to face him. His doughy face contorted into one of triumph. He was only a few inches taller than her when she was in her heels, and he always looked as if he was going to topple forward with the belly that stuck out in front of him. He was dressed immaculately today, with his graying blonde hair swept neatly to the side. "Yes, I am." "Oh I do hope you can put our political differences aside and join me for dinner?" "As always senator, no thank you. I need to be on my way.” She said straightening her dress. "At least let me escort you to your transport." He held out his arm for her to take, and she kept herself from visibly cringing. Not wanting to be rude she took it, and said goodnight to her friends. She hated this man with almost every fiber of her being, but the manners that had been drilled into her head as a child wouldn’t let her be rude or discourteous. ‘Kindness and Patience and understanding, those are things this galaxy lacks my Lisie. We must be kind and respectful even to those we dislike.’ His words constantly in the forefront of her mind. “I hope you enjoyed your vacation.” She said politely refusing to look at him. “I did actually, a few weeks away from here did me a great deal of good. I even got a few tasks that needed to be done accomplished.” The smile that creeped across his face nearly made Annalise gag. The force around him was darker than most others, other than Ro-Kiintor, it was why she distrusted them so much, had been since the day she met him. “Yes, and you made it back just in time for my speech it seems. You must be quite happy.” She kept her eyes forward, staring off into the distance, her expression as blank as she could manage. "I don’t know why you see them as a threat, you know. They are nothing more than a good political scheme. They can’t stand against the republic fleets, even Major Deso says so and he’s a veteran.” He was lying, Annalise knew. Just as she was one of a few Senators who supported The Resistance and their effort when it came to fighting the First Order, she was absolutely certain Amarkin and his planet was one of The First Orders benefactors. She rolled her eyes and he continued on, "Your father has you so worried about them, when you should be worried about making better alliances with the outer systems. That would benefit us greatly." She stopped, her patience at its limits, hating that he treated her worries as if they were just imagined threats. "I'm not a twit Amarkin, and it saddens me that you still try to undermine my intelligence even after all the years you've known me. Yes, trade deals would benefit us greatly but, if there’s no republic to trade with then what good would it do us?" She yanked her arm out of his, having arrived to the transport pickup, and spun to face him, “Now if you’ll excuse me, I must be on my way. Have a wonderful evening.” Keeping the venom out of her voice was always the hardest part, she thought as she turned and stepped into the transport. "Take care Talin." He sneered at her as the door to her transport closed and jetted off. Annalise leaned against the transparasteel window as it winded through the air, bringing her closer to home. She was exhausted both mentally and physically, and she needed to meditate, clear her head of the clutter and worry. ‘Life was so much simpler when all I had to do was archive history.’ She thought sadly. Notes: Just as an FYI, I know in the actual universe there is normally only one Senator per Planet but I figure that with The New Republic it would be better to have like two per Planet, so that maybe one could offset the other if one became corrupt. iDK it makes sense in my head, lol.