Notes: this has been sitting on my desktop since june '16 Somewhere in Nevada The sky is pale blue, fading white over the horizon. Not a strip of cloud lines it. Below, the dry earth is rucked by sallow shrubs that patter out into the distance where mountains of pale rock and sand crawl. Running through the desert, there is a thin line of tarmac streaked by waves of lying dust between the flanks of telephone poles. The road is silent; cars rarely pass and the horizon remains empty. However, out in the distance, something catches the sun. It glints as the rumble of an engine echoes across the desert. Chased by a cloud of dust, a car appears. It's scabbed with sand and scratched by chunks of flying gravel. The headlamps and windscreen are coloured murky from the long hours on the road. The car swerves briefly before righting itself. But, before it can continue, it jerks from side to side and spins out with a screech in the loose gravel. Slipping down the broken edge of tarmac, the car slopes down over the bushes at the side of the road. The wheels cracks on the stones and the car cants like a moored ship. The passenger door flings open, hinges squeaking, and a man falls out onto the gravel. He scrabbles up, almost falling again as he rounds the car and makes it for the desert. He turns, still running, to look back at the car and flails when his feet catch on a shrub that sends him tumbling onto the ground. The raised dust clings to his tattered black suit and white shirt, stained by washed out blots of brown and red. His copper hair is dishevelled and pale skin muddy. A gash splits the man’s brow. Like an overturned beetle, he claws the ground as he scrambles to get up. But his efforts are cut short by the sound of a shotgun firing. The break-action clicks into place. The man freezes, hand outstretched across the sand, pale eyes fixed on the horizon. His breathing is ragged and a faint tremble plays his arms. Beside the open car door, there is a tall man holding a shotgun that is trained on the immobile target. With no further movement from the escapee, the man approaches. The soles of his yellow flip-flop sandals slap and the ammo cartridges in his pink-blue striped shorts rattle as he walks. Suddenly, the red-head jerks up off the ground and sprints over the shrubs. Ammo rounds pound the earth at his heels. He finds himself on his knees again, tasting the dust as the slapping footsteps approach. The red-head is wrenched up by the back of his jacket. He thrashes violently, trying to twist out of the trapping clothing. “Let me go, you psychopath!” shouts the hostage, kicking at the gunman, sending billows of dust into the air. “Will you fuckin’ stop that!” The red-head is shuck into temporary placidity before the fighting and struggling starts up again. A single thump sounds and man falls limp. A trickle of red pours down from his hairline. The man collapses to his knees, groaning. His vision wavers as he touches the slick trail running down his dusty face. “You piece of shit.” The collar of the red-head’s jacket is twisted in a fist and yanked, trying to get him to stand, but he remains a dead weight. “You need to get up.” The man blinks, trying to focus the doubling line of the shrubs. “Get up!” the gunman yells. Rubbing the fog out of his eyes as he is dragged across the sand, the red-head shouts, "I can't fucking see!" The movement stops. “You gonna vomit?” “I—I don’t think so.” The dust coated man is forced onto his feet with the barrel of the shotgun pressed into his ribs. The backseat of the battered sedan is opened and the hostage is pushed inside. Falling onto his stomach, he turns, legs raised up against himself as the armed man leans in, reaching down below the seats. A cold, white plastic box is shoved into the red-head’s hands. It stings his scratched up palms. Briefly forgetting the shotgun that is pointed at him, the man turns the box around and sees the label of an ice cream brand. “What the fuck is that for?” “Do you want your head to swell?” The man behind the shotgun in the stretched out grey pyjama t-shirt looks at his hostage pointedly. In the stillness, the air fills with the hum of the electric wires overhead. The shotgun glints and blood dries in the heat. There is a thump in the car as the hostage drops his head onto the tub of melting ice cream. He winces from the sensation of plastic against the developing bruise. “Fucking psychopath,” he whimpers, turning the tub to find a cold patch. “Don’t call me that,” the gunman mumbles, watching from outside the car. “The fuck else am I meant to call you?” The captor watches the red-head from the shadow he casts against the sun. “Kylo. Kylo Ren.” “Hux,” the other says by reflex. With the tub warmed, he drops it onto the floor. Then, he frowns. “Where did you get that?" “Bought it,” Kylo says, closing the backseat door. Light falls down onto the passenger’s seat and a glossy, black leather wallet winks in the sun, gutted of its contents. Hux sees his name glimmer on a credit card between the scrunched-up bills. He grits his teeth. “You fucking piece of—” Chapter 2 Notes: i was meant to post this a week later but im drunk and in a good mood Six hours ago San Francisco, California The walls are glass, reaching from the ceiling to the floor, painted blue and orange by the setting sun. Clothes are thrown over luxurious leather armchairs and couches. Paper bills are scattered over the rucked carpets. The stench of women’s perfume and sweat permeates the penthouse. Somewhere, music thumps faintly. Broken glass is scattered over the bar, sticky with drink and lipstick. Ice cubes are becoming sludge on the floor, dripping down the stairs leading down to the doors out to the terrace. Deckchairs guard a blow-up toy plagued swimming pool. One chair is overturned, another too close to the edge of lapping water and one is occupied by a sprawled man. Dressed only in pink and blue striped shorts, he has his head tipped back and bare feet outstretched toward the pool. Half empty bottles of alcohol surround him. Crossing his ankles, Kylo listens to the circling helicopters. The air is warm and his mind his hazy. He’ll probably regret falling asleep outside, but he decides to deal with the consequences later. A phone buzzes inside the apartment. Kylo jerks up, feet kicking the overflowing water. The sky is already dark. Kylo doesn’t remember sleeping. The phone continues to buzz. “Shut u—up,” Kylo groans, rubbing his eyes. The buzzing doesn’t stop. “Shut up.” He points at the glass doors. After a few moments the call ends. The buzzing starts up again. On the third call, Kylo gets up from the deckchair. Stumbling through the terrace doors into the apartment, Kylo shuts off the sound system and fumbles for his leather jacket thrown under a coffee table. The phone is still buzzing by the time Kylo pulls it free of a pocket. The number is unknown. Kylo picks it up. “Yeah?” “Kylo,” says a woman, hushed. “Where are you?” “Phasma?” Kylo throws aside the jacket, wincing from the building migraine. “Why you whisperin’?” “ Where are you ?” Phasma snaps, keeping her voice low. “Home? Where else?” Kylo presses the phone between his ear and shoulder as he finds a wear softened t-shirt amid the scattered clothing. He is surprised to discover it’s a pyjama top. “You need to get out.” Something panicked is echoing behind Phasma’s words. It makes Kylo pause. “Why?” “They know—” The words are interrupted by Kylo pulling the t-shirt over his head. “—you need to go!” “Know what?” “That you failed to kill him.” “Who?” “ Solo . You dim fuck!” Phasma sighs, agitated. “They know. Someone told Snoke.” “Are you kiddin’?” Kylo keep his voice easy and casual, but if Phasma was standing beside him she would see that his hands are trembling. “Solo is a pile of mincemeat at the bottom of the ocean,” he tells her. “They know that you let him go, Kylo.” Phasma’s voice is increasingly desperate and it’s all Kylo needs to know to understand that this is not a joke. “They are going to come after you. Get out of the fucking house and run .” Kylo looks out of the window where the helicopters are drifting over the city. He laughs. “Yeah right.” The doorbell trills. A cold sweat breaks over Kylo’s skin. “That’ll be the pizza,” he says with a grin. “G’night Phasma!” Her words are drowning on the other end of the line as Kylo quickly speaks over her, “Thanks for the entertainment!” He ends the call and the phone is thrown aside onto a couch. It bounces over the cushions. The bell rings again and Kylo reaches under the coffee table, feeling for the line where timber connects. He slides his hand down until his fingers bump on the metal body of a shotgun. He unlatches it from the hooks and takes the box attached beside the firearm. He dumps the ammo cartridges into the pockets of his shorts. Another insistent prod to the doorbell. “I’m coming, I’m coming! Kylo calls out as he cracks the shotgun and checks if it’s loaded. Keeping the weapon close to his side, finger on the trigger, Kylo approaches the door. Standing out of reach of the incoming, Kylo turns the key. He goes to press on the handle but it is ripped out of his hands as the door is flung open. Two gunshots propel through the apartment, shattering the glass shelves of the bar. Bottles break on the floor. Gloved hands bracing a handgun appear through the door. Snapping his hand forward, Kylo grasps the wrists and wrenches the intruder forward, startling the weapon out of their hands. Flinging the man in front of him, Kylo grasps his neck in the chokehold of his arm, using him as a shield as bullets pelt the air. Seizing with every hit, the human shield falls limp in Kylo’s grip as he fires at the two assailants standing in the threshold. One man falls, collarbone shattered. Dropping the shotgun, Kylo throws the corpse he is holding at the remaining attacker that continues to shoot. The attacker topples and Kylo darts to pick up the discarded handgun. With two quick shots and blood pools on the floor. There is no more movement. In the silence, Kylo pushes the handgun into the waistband of his shorts and assesses the intruders. There can’t be a mistake. These henchmen belong to Snoke. However, if he wanted Kylo out of the way, Snoke wouldn’t have only sent three very poorly trained men. Wasting no time, Kylo takes the dropped shotgun and searches for something to wear on his feet. Unfortunately, the nearest thing is a pair of bright yellow poolside flip-flops (that Kylo doesn’t even remember owning). Slipping on the sandals, Kylo steps over the bodies, trots out of the door and to the staircase. Feet barely touching the steps, he takes two at a time, eyes darting when he hears the elevator shaft rumble. The lobby is clear when Kylo makes his way down. He takes a moment as he pushes through the revolving doors to shift his shoulders into an easy slouch. Kylo’s steps fall into a casual amble and the shotgun under his arm is no more than a rolled-up newspaper. When Kylo walks out into the night shadowed streets, he knows no one will take a second glance at him or the firearm he is holding in plain view (double standards, huh). Kylo ambles down the sloping pavement as a glossy, black SUV rounds the building and halts outside the lobby that Kylo just left. He disappears down the road as men in dark suits get out of the car and walk toward the door. Once out of sight, Kylo sets off at a run, his footsteps slapping on the walkway, arms swinging wildly. Streetlamps flicker over his receding figure, disappearing somewhere in the suburbs. Soon, it will be discovered that Kylo is gone and the word will relay to Snoke. Before he knows it, there will be mercenaries crawling all over San Francisco. Kylo won’t be able to make it far, not without a car. He can’t use his own; it doesn’t take a genius to realise that there is GPS tracking on it that will lead Snoke on Kylo’s tail. Public transport is equally dangerous; surveillance cameras are a tool for the crime syndicates. So, it remains for Kylo to steal a car and hope that the theft will remain unconnected to him. Kylo crosses the road as a black sedan pulls up outside a house. The headlamps shut off as the engine rumbles into silence. Under the fluorescent streetlights, it’s visible that there is only the driver inside the car. The man is slumped back in his seat, eyes closed and breathing deep like he is sleeping. Kylo turns and walks down the street toward the parked vehicle. He slips the shotgun down his hand. Stopping on the left side of the car, Kylo raps his knuckles on the window. “Hey, can you help me out?” The driver looks up blearily. The man is all bone and no muscle and doesn’t appear to be carrying a weapon. Kylo could overpower him. The window rolls down slowly, stopping at the midway point. “What?” the man asks, Kylo leans up close, placing his free hand on the glass. “You see—” A hand strikes into the car and grabs the man by his hair, slamming his head against the steering wheel. Eyes roll back into the skull. The man thumps back into the seat – unconscious. Kylo opens the door and places the shotgun onto the dashboard. Shoving his hands into the inner pockets of the man’s suit jacket and trousers, Kylo searches him. Finding the wallet, he riffles it. There is little cash, mostly credit cards, crumpled receipts and expired memberships. Kylo curses; he’ll have to take the poor fuck with him instead of dumping him over someone’s garden fence. Rummaging further, Kylo finds no sign that might imply the man has family. There isn’t even a picture on the lock screen of his phone except for a drab pre-set gradient. Snorting at the name printed on the driver’s license, Kylo pockets all the contents and strips the tie of the man’s neck, using it to bind his wrists in an uncomplicated knot. With some manoeuvring, Kylo manages to shove the man onto the backseat. His head cracks on the window before thumping on the door handle. Kylo winces. “That’s gonna bruise,” mutters Kylo as he slams the key into the ignition switch. The engine hums in the empty street. Headlamps glare as the car between the leaning houses, down the sloping road, toward the highways out of the city.