“You feel it too, don’t you?” Finn spun around, face to face with the General. He gulped, not entirely sure for her reason to visit. He has already healed, able to walk and help around the Rebel base. “It’s fine.” He pointed at his back, “Only a few medical visits.” “No, not that.” The General responded, crossing her arms. She eyed him with such concern, laced with curiosity. Finn swallowed hard, furrowing his eyebrows. He knew what she was referring to, yet he was not entirely sure. Did he felt it? “Yes.” He stated, and a rush flew through him. The Force swirled around him and passed through him and he felt it all. “He can teach you.” Leia approached him, placing a hand on his shoulder. “He’s already teaching Rey…” Which was true, could Luke handle them both? “He’ll handle it.” ~~~ He couldn’t handle it. Clearly, age was catching up at him. Yet, he glanced at his sister who led the whole Rebel battalion without batting an eye and it was like age had never considered her existence. Rey and Finn were different. Both had different ways of thinking, different ways of learning, and honestly, it was too kriffing difficult. Even dueling was different since Rey’s dual lightsaber fitted her more while Finn remained with the standard saber. Luke sighed, exhausted. “Stop.” He lifted his hand and the two Padawans immediately froze, lightsabers clashing. “Duel is over.” “Who won?” The both asked simultaneously, earning a glare from each other. Luke remembered the small bet his Padawans had, something along the line of “who could win more duels”. He recalled the pilot Dameron inciting the bet and how everything had spiraled down into more difficulty. “I did. I won.” Luke replied, and Finn deadpanned as Rey rolled her eyes at her father. He gestured them to follow him. They shut off their lightsabers and approached Luke. “I cannot continue to train both of you.” He met looks of confusion. “It is too draining. However, I promised that both of you will become a Jedi and you will.” A moment of silenced passed before any of the Padawans spoke. “Who will be my new Master?” Finn asked. “No!” Rey glared at Finn, “It should be you who-“ “C’mon, Rey.” He cocked his head, stating the obvious. “He is your father. And you found him. You are meant to be his Padawan, not me.” Rey glanced at her feet, hiding her worry. “Finn, you are meant to be a Jedi.” Luke insisted; his tone completely serious. “I understand, Master.” Finn nodded, trying so hard to appear confident yet insecurity tugged at his stomach. He could feel how anxiety stretched its arms, looming over him and threatening control of his body. He felt a hand placed on his shoulder and glanced at Rey. He concentrated on her smile and forgot his anxiety once again. ~~~ “Seriously!? That asshole!” Rey and Finn shot Poe a look. “I mean, I’m so sorry calling your Master, your father, the General’s brother an asshole but in this situation I grant myself the opportunity.” Poe rambled on, sitting on his bed. “You really can’t.” Rey replied calmly, smiling. She sat at the windowsill, and Finn leaned against the wall, staring at the window solemnly. “Okay…but what’s gonna happen?” “Master Skywalker will continue to train us both while the General finds a new Master for me.” Finn replied blankly. Poe and Rey glanced at each other, and Finn grew annoyed at the worry he sensed flowing between his partners. “Guys, I’m fine.” He looked at them, forcing a smile that convinced none of them. “Don’t you know if any other Jedi Masters are with the Rebellion?” Rey suddenly asked Poe. “Not really. I know that many Jedi did help fight in the Rebellion before the Empire crumbled. Though, I don’t know about now…” Poe admitted as he lied on the bed, gazing at the ceiling. “The General will find one though.” Finn scoffed, and the others pretended to be oblivious. ~~~ Finn rolled to the left, feeling the lightsaber scalding the earth. He stood up quickly, blocking another blow. “Is that all you got?” Finn taunted, pushing his lightsaber against Rey’s. The green and blue lights mixed with intense heat and sweat ran down their foreheads. “I have the higher ground!” Rey spat, her competitive side controlling her mouth. “We have the same ground!” Finn unhooked his saber, and swung sideways, which Rey blocked. Their duel raged on and on, block after block, swing after swing. It seemed to never end. Until they felt it. The Force shifted inside them. It broke away, leaving a path. They lowered their lightsabers. A presence floated in the Force. A strange hum rang in Finn’s ear, and he was sure Rey heard it too. He glanced at the presence’s direction, seeing Luke and Leia walking towards them. Luke strolled to Rey’s side, but Leia stopped and called for Finn. He jogged to her, ignoring how his stomach jumped around and his heart beat so rapidly. “Finn.” The General announced with a wide grin. “Meet your new Jedi Master.” Leia turned aside, and Finn saw a figure emerge from the hillside. The presence grew stronger. She strode towards them, with her head held high. Long blue streaked lekku sprouted from her head and graced the grass. Her robes and lekku blew from the wind. Her posture was rigid and tall. She halted right in front of Finn who grew surprised at the wrinkles that adorned the Jedi’s stern marked face. She smirked at him, extending a hand. “Pleased to meet you. I’m Ahsoka Tano.”