Soulmate. That’s what they called it. The voice in your head. You could hear him all the time. Since the age of thirteen he was always a constant presence in your mind. Poe Dameron, that’s what the voice called himself. At first he was so loud and overbearing. The constant chatter of someone else consciousness made it a little hard for the first couple weeks to function properly. After a while you learned to tune him out, turning his presence from a roar to a quiet whisper. “Your lucky to have a soulmate.” your mother had told you. “Almost everyone does but could you imagine what it feels like for those who don’t? Knowing that there’s no one out there you’re destined to be with?” Soon you realized he could hear you too. You found yourselves talking to one another regularly and over the years it developed into a close friendship. Poe became your best friend, One that’s with you wherever you go. He knew you better than possibly even yourself, but what could you expect from someone who practically lives in your head. “You know, I was thinking.” Poe started “You’re always thinking.” you said picking a fruit off the stand in front of you. The market was always busy at this time of day. People of all sorts of species flocked around you moving from one stand to the next. “Did you hear me?” he asked You turned your attention from the crowd back to the voice in your head. “Sorry, say it again.” “I was thinking that after all these years you’ve never asked me what I look like.” It had crossed your mind before but you never bothered to ask. You figured that regardless of what he looked like that wouldn’t change the fact that he’s your soulmate, and with him always in your mind it became easy to forget that the voice was an actual being living an actual life. “You’ve never asked me.” you said throwing his accusation back at him. You could hear the amusement in his tone “Maybe I want to be surprised.” “oh you’ll be surprised. I’m actually part lizard.” you teased, glancing around the fruit stand once more before moving off to the vegetable booth. Poe was silent for a moment but you could faintly hear his train of thought mulling over the possibility of you belonging to a lizard species. “Your Lying.” “How do you know that?” You thought, tucking vegetables into your basket. An old woman sat behind the booth counter watching you closely. “I can feel it.” You raised your brows. So Poe is a physic now. “Oh yeah, What else can you feel?” “If what I’m sensing is accurate,” he began “I would have to say you’re probably the most beautiful girl in the galaxy.” Warmth spread through your cheeks turning them a shade of pink. You smiled absently down at the food in your hand “Poe Dameron. That is the cheesiest thing you’ve ever said to me.” you placed the vegetable in your basket and looked over at the old woman expecting her to charge you for the food. You were shocked to find her already looking at you with a wide smile. She gestured to your blushed face and tapped lightly at the side of her head. She understood what was going on. You smiled back at her “Hes quite the character.” You said handing the credits in her direction. “Your embarrassed, why?” Poe asked. “Some old lady just caught me blushing like an idiot.” “I made you blush? You must really like me!” he was teasing you. You rolled your eyes, trying to navigate your way out of the market “Careful, I might change my mind.” “No you couldn’t possibly. Were destined for each other.” You paused. Were you really destined for each other? Your connection says yes but most people you know have met their soulmate by now. “Whats wrong? I can hear you worrying.” “its- its nothing.” you continued walking. “Remember when I said I could feel you lying? I can feel that now.” The street in this part of town was just as crowded as the market place. You were never one for crowds so you weaved in and out of people tying to get through as quickly as possible. “I just want to meet you. The real you.” It was Poe’s turn to pause. “Soon.” He said. “Fate will bring us together.” That was always his excuse “I’m tired of waiting for-” You collided with a man, stopping your train of thought. Your basket nearly slipped from your grip but you caught a good hold just in time. “I’m so sorry!” You apologized, making sure you hadn’t hurt him when you slammed into him. The smile he gave you was kind. “No problem ma’m. I should have been watching where I was going.” What a gentleman taking all the blame. You smiled back at him awkwardly “Well I’ll just get going.” you said excusing yourself, and you both continued in your respected ways. “Sorry about that a girl just hit into me what were you saying?” Poe asked. You laughed at the irony. “Funny because I just ran into a guy. I don’t think he’s from around here. He’s dressed a little to warm for our weather.” “This girl looked so shaken when she hit me. She almost lost her basket when we crashed.” You slowed your pace. “A basket?” you said looking down at your own. “Yeah full of all kinds of food. She probably just came from this market down here.”