Comm from: Emperor Hux-Ren Comm to : Pangalactic Wedding Planners Customer Service BCC to: The Beloved Other Half Subject: The Complete And Utter Atrocity That Was Supposed To Be The Most Important Day In My Life Dear Sir and/or Madam and/or Other, Perhaps I should have been wary from the off-set from your company’s name: Pangalactic. For one, it should be hyphenated to pan-galactic, although I suppose it doesn’t fit your ‘branding’. Secondly, unless you work for multiple galaxies (and please, stars, tell me you don’t) it’s inaccurate and should be brought up under trading standards. Unless, perhaps, the pan in question is a bed pan . Which would explain the levels of urine that your ‘special touches’ and ‘elite adornments’ reeked of. Whilst I acknowledge that our requirements depended upon internal logistics in many circumstances, that was communicated to your ‘Client Liaison’ early in our agreement. I attach the following: [Attachment: Subject: Scope and Exclusions….] I also am unhappy with the level of communication I received throughout the process, but as we were already in the middle of organising things, I thought it prudent to continue, in order to have a hope of completing within the project deadlines. Please see below correspondence: [Attachment: Subject: RE RE RE RE RE RE Update request?] I would like to give some ‘high’ lights of your offering: After many discussions about the floral place-settings, your Client Liaison somehow sent the flowers that I am allergic to, leading to my eyes watering and my face looking blotchy, which ruined my holos The food offering was still bleeding in many cases, sometimes even when it shouldn’t have first been sanguine. There was also an over-abundance of soup, and a shortage of the seafood cocktail My name was spelt incorrectly on the order of service. In two different ways The ice sculptures were obscene. At no point did I ask for glacial phalluses to adorn my tables. If this was an act of internalised homophobia, I suggest you send your suppliers to re-conditioning The outfit for Captain Phasma was cheap and tacky, and was not prepared in advance for me to veto it, so she had to attend in her regular uniform I specifically asked for the Imperial March to not be played (you can infer from your previous incompetence that it was) Despite highlighting which ship would need to be designated for our honeymoon (Lord Ren’s Upsilon) somehow this was interpreted as ‘this old Lamda-class’, and this was incredibly inappropriate and embarrassing References to Lord Ren’s birth family were somehow included in the ceremony, at great personal insult This atrocity that is supposed to be (I can only assume) our cake: [Attachment: WHAT IS THIS] I expect a full, written apology, the return of my deposit, and your ‘Client Liaison’ to be beaten until black and blue. Alternatively, you will cease trading and you will never go into the customer service business again. Yours very sincerely, Emperor Hux-Ren Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 152 of the Kylux - Fluff & Angst series Next Work →