Black Squadron “Slip, I need some backup!” “On it, sir!” “Don’t call me—okay, whatever, just start up the defibrillator—yes, that button, right there ...” Slip shook the defibrillator a couple of times and smashed the two handles together until sparks ignited in the space between them. Finn sighed. It wasn’t standard to keep a defibrillator a year beyond its expiry date—it was downright illegal, in fact—but their base had run out of sufficient funds a while back and Finn had to make do with what was available. The patient might encounter some burns, but what did charred skin compare to death? “Get ready, Slip. On one, two, three—-” Without further ado, the defib crashed down. The patient arched his back, pure volts of electricity coursing through his nerves. The printout said nil. “Again.” Nil. “Again.” Nil. “Again.” “Sir ...” “ No, Slip. Amp up the voltage.” Slip looked unsure, the instrument shaking in his hands. “But—but— sir , that could burn his whole chest!” “I’ll heal it,” said Finn, distracted, as he adjusted the drip. “Do as you’re told, Slip.” Slip still wore an expression of doubt and Finn knew he had some choice words of reproach for his supervisor, while Finn’s fists were itching to take the defibrillator and finish the job himself, but both were aware that time was slipping through their fingers like sand. Slip finally nodded and Finn went back to keeping the heartmeter running. He was the only one who understood the language it was in. “Nil… Nil…” Come on, man, don’t bail on me. He prayed to whatever gods there were above as the reading ticked. “Nil—no, wait! No, 80! He’s clear.” Finn scribbled down one word onto the datapad by the patient bed, clear and fixed: stable. Slip slumped against the bed frame. “I think you’ll need to use those defibs on me next, boss, if we keep getting these near-death cases.” Finn glared at the young nurse. “You had one job, Slip: always listen to me. I don’t order you around to be a dick, I know what I’m doing.” He rubbed his eyes tiredly, and waved him off. “Go get some caf. I’ll take it from here now.” Slip muttered his assent and didn’t stick around to hear Finn’s response, slinking off into the corridor. Finn sighed. He had taken Slip under his wing since the boy arrived parentless at the medcenter, shell-shocked and nearly rendered mute by whatever he had seen. There was nothing anyone could do for him, so Finn took him under his wing as his nursing assistant. So far, so good, but moments of hesitation were too close in between. Slip struggled to trust people and he struggled to trust Finn, no matter how much he tried to acclimatise the boy to life on Helsos. All he could squeeze out from him was that he’d escaped from Takodana during the First Order raid, and had not seen his family for several months. A lost cause, Jess Pava, his former patient, had said to him. But you like those, don’t you, Finn? Finn stared down at the patient, his face lax from sleep and his chest, thankfully, moving in appropriate tempo. The burns from the faulty defib were first-degree at most, and Finn had only slathered on some bacta this time. He needed to preserve his energy for more extreme cases. Although, ‘extreme’ was rather arbitrary. When the ground soldier was rolled into the ward, his pulse had been so weak Finn couldn’t even detect it in his wrist. This one was lucky , not lost. Finn was a Healer: they didn’t believe in lost causes. “I’m sick of these budget cuts,” he muttered to himself. “I’m going to set someone on fire one of these days.” Stupid faulty defib. He felt like a monster for still using it. Finn pulled off his gloves and walked over to the sink, washing his hands and elbows diligently before looking up into the mirror. His reflection showed a young, tired man, with eyes hard as diamond which housed infinite sadness. His tenth patient for the day, and the first one to survive. “How much longer,” he asked his reflection, “will this last?” “You know, Finn, there’s a transport tomorrow outbound for D’Qar.” He hummed. “It’s better funded. The medical ward is—-” “Hmm.” Jess' mug crashed on the table. “How about you stop being a sanctimonious prick and consider what I’m saying?” “I can’t just leave , Jess,” sighed Finn, sloshing his caf around in his own mug. “What if there’s another battle and we have a crisis on our hands? I can count the number of doctors in this medcenter on one hand, and we’re a medcenter !” “D’Qar’s got star equipment, the best of the best from the Republic, before they got blown up. You can snatch some; you’ve been working with some pitiful outdated equipment and frankly, I think it’s doing more harm than good at this point.” “Listen, I’m not denying that.” He wasn’t. She was absolutely correct. “But D’Qar’s five days from here. I can’t just disappear off-base for nearly two weeks. Send someone else.” “Slip, then—-” “Not him.” “ Why ?” He rolled his eyes. “What happens if the ship's captured? Slip isn’t trained to withstand torture. You send him and he’ll come back with our equipment and an entire battalion of stormtroopers.” Jess chewed on her lip. “I’ll talk to Kalonia. Maybe she’s got any doctors to spare.” “She doesn’t, but go ahead.” Finn sipped from his caf. “Things aren’t looking great these days, are they?” “Their Starkiller really did a number on us. No Republic, no political shields. We need a miracle.” “What we need is the Force,” said Finn, gazing out into the flimsy transparisteel. Watching the nothingness of space made it hard to believe that several lightyears away, a battle of some sorts was happening. Black Squadron was called up days ago, Jess had told him. Poe Dameron, her Commander, had notified her via comlink while she was recovering from her injuries. An ominous feeling dropped in his stomach when he found out. The Resistance’s casualties were rising day by day, and Finn was waiting for the other shoe to drop. It wasn’t enough. They needed the Force. Jess made an impatient sound. “You sound like General Organa, with her “trust in the Force” bantha fodder. The Jedi are gone, Finn.” She looked down at her mug, frowning. “Luke … Luke Skywalker is gone. What we have are our pilots, ground troops, and people like you and that’s good enough.” “I know,” he smiled. “And I am eternally grateful. After all, it was one of you, Dameron, who got me out of—-” “SIR!” Finn snapped his head around, frowning as the harried form of his assistant jogged towards his table. “Something wrong, Slip?” “New,” he heaved, “new arrivals, sir. Pilots. Around six of them. They’re in pretty bad shape.” Both Finn and Jess jumped up, giving each other worried glances. “You don’t think …” Jess’s face paled. Finn put a comforting hand on her shoulder. “Stay calm, Jess.” He turned to Slip. “Callsign?” “Black Squadron.” There was a flurry of activity in the ward. Healers and nurses milled around the newly-occupied beds, jumping from patient to patient. Finn immediately made his way to Dr Kalonia, while Jess, he noticed from the corner of his eye, quietly conversed with a dark-haired figure prone on one of the hospital beds. From the Commander patches on his jacket, Finn gleaned it was Poe Dameron and a smile curved his mouth—there was time to catch up later. “Doctor,” he called. “Where am I needed?” Dr Kalonia’s sharp brown eyes scanned Finn from head to toe. She nodded towards the far-end of the room. “Last bed. Human female, brunette, has been unresponsive ever since she rolled in here. Several cauterised wounds.” Finn frowned. Cauterised? “Was she treated before she arrived?” “Not to my knowledge.” Oh well. That was not important. The cauterisation might have stopped the bleeding, but if this girl’s wounds were too deep, he’d have to prepare a skin grafting. “On it, doctor.” As Finn walked down the aisle, the sounds of the people rushing about slowly muted until he felt like he was in a soundproof bubble, cut off from the world around him. The girl , he reminded himself, trying to shake himself out of it. The girl, the girl, the girl. Finn stared down at the unconscious form of his patient. Her face was marred with bruises and cuts, and the fabric on her knees and arms were burned away to reveal deep wounds. Some were ragged and others were precise circular burns. Yet she looked peaceful. And she was peaceful, Finn knew. He felt it in the Force. If it was left to her, she would never awaken from her deep trance. He had to wake her up. Notes: My first Finnrey fic! Reminder: I'm not a medical professional so there could be some inaccuracies.