“Did you seriously get a tattoo?” Ben’s voice dripped with disdain, and Poe cringed. He tapped BB-8, who was resting on the floor beside Poe’s chair, smartly on the top of his dome. “You weren’t supposed to tell anyone,” Poe grumbled to the droid. BB-8 spun his dome around to look up at Poe, and he gave a hurt trill. Poe rolled his eyes. “Obviously he can understand you, buddy. You have to be more careful.” “I can’t understand everything he says, but I understood ‘your’ and ‘tattoo,’” Ben put in, this time in that tone of voice he used when he felt like Poe was overlooking him in favor of the droid. Poe kind of liked that, because it meant Ben wanted his attention. Of course, Ben tended to want everyone’s attention, but at least he wasn’t ignoring Poe like he had when General Organa first started forcing them to interact after Ben joined the Resistance. Poe eventually figured out that Ben was ignoring him out of guilt over what had happened between them, and Ben warmed up to him once Poe had assured him (several times over) that he’d been forgiven. Not wholly forgiven, perhaps, but Poe kept that part to himself. The Resistance needed Ben too much for Poe to let a grudge cause friction between them. He needed Ben too much. Not that there wasn’t still friction. After all, the two had always bickered, and Ben had always found something to complain about. Case in point, he had just now been complaining that they had to wait on his mother to show up for a briefing she had called. When Poe pointed out that Ben should be used to briefings and meetings and bureaucracy considering where he’d been for the past few years, Ben had gone back to ignoring him again, and Poe had turned away and started chatting with BB-8 instead. Then BB-8 asked if Ben knew about Poe’s tattoo, which, of course, he didn’t. Why BB-8 had even thought of it, Poe had no idea. Sometimes Poe thought the little droid liked causing mischief, or even that he had figured out how Poe felt about Ben, just like Poe was sure General Organa had figured it out. (That was what all the forced interaction was about, it had to be.) But then BB-8 would turn that big shiny vision sensor up at Poe, all endearing innocence, and Poe would forgive him whether he had embarrassed Poe on purpose or not. Still, the tattoo thing was really, really embarrassing. “You haven’t answered my question,” Ben announced. “If he understands you so well,” Poe said to BB-8, “you can tell him that I’m not speaking to him.” BB-8 gave a questioning beep, twisted his dome to look at Ben, then looked back at Poe again. “Poe.” Ben prodded Poe’s shoulder with what felt like one finger. “Did. You. Get. A. Tattoo.” And Poe smiled. He couldn’t help it. That was so Ben, so the old Ben—the staccato words spoken in that deep voice, punctuated with pokes of that long, pointy finger. And when Poe finally turned to look at Ben, he knew the expression on the larger man’s face would be completely serious. Poe straightened out his mouth and turned, swiveling his chair to face Ben sitting to his right at the table in General Organa’s private conference room. Sure enough, Ben’s face was serious. Poe looked at the flat line of his mouth, where his full lips were pressed together, then up to Ben’s deep brown eyes and the sunken trench of the scar that ran between them and down over his right cheek. Once upon a time, they would have stared at each other, and then Ben would have laughed, the dark eyes sparkling and the lips curving into a smile whose awkwardness had always charmed Poe. Now Ben did not smile, and that hurt. It hurt more than seeing the scar hurt. Poe looked away again, down at the table. “Yeah,” he muttered, “I got a tattoo.” “Of what?” BB-8 whirred. “Quiet,” said Poe, and he thumped the droid on the dome a second time. “Poe. What is your tattoo of?” Ben persisted. “Nothing,” Poe grumbled. “Nothing that would mean anything to you.” Ben observed, in the know-it-all way that had driven Poe crazy when they were younger, “You’re embarrassed. What—did you get drunk and have some girl’s name put on you?” Poe’s cheeks flared with heat, because it was close enough to the truth. “No,” he said. He looked up at Ben sideways, through his eyelashes. He was trying to glare, but the look in Ben’s eyes stopped him. Poe couldn’t have named what emotion that look signified, exactly, but it was sort of hurt. . . sort of concerned. Poe’s own eyes softened, he knew they did, and he couldn’t help it. “No,” Poe said again, “but it’s nothing. It’s not important.” He wanted to look away and couldn’t, and BB-8 was being strangely quiet. Why was he so quiet? Poe would have welcomed an interruption just then, anything to save him from drowning in those hurt, concerned brown eyes. “Can I see it?” Ben asked. That shook Poe out of his reverie, and he scowled. “What? No!” He finally could turn away, down at the table, and he leaned back in his chair with his arms folded across his chest. “Why not? It is something embarrassing isn’t it?” Poe bit his lip, and Ben went on in an affronted tone, “Wait, where is it? Is it some where embarrassing?” Poe snapped, “Ben, it’s none of your business!” He unfolded his arms and gripped the edge of the table so hard, his knuckles whitened. “You—you got some girl’s name tattooed on your ass, didn’t you?” Ben said it the way he’d say, “It’s terminal, isn’t it?” BB-8 finally spoke up again, but only to give a trilling chirp of laughter. Poe groaned and dropped his head in his hands. He clenched his fingers in his hair for a second, then straightened up and tilted his head back against the chair with a sigh. “If I show you, will you drop it?” he growled at Ben through his gritted teeth. I’ll show him quick, so he can’t get a good look, Poe reasoned. Just enough for him to leave me alone about it. Ben hesitated, as if considering; then he said, “Fine.” Poe lifted his head and stared down at his lap as he tugged the hem of his shirt free of his waistband. The tattoo really wasn’t anywhere too risqué, just his right hipbone. Still, he didn’t want General Organa to walk in while he was pulling his pants down for her son, even a few inches. “Ready?” Poe muttered. “You gotta look quick.” He didn’t wait for Ben to answer before he grabbed the waistband of his pants and pulled it down just enough on the right side to show Ben the squiggles of black ink standing out in stark contrast to the golden-tan tone of Poe’s skin. “There,” said Poe. “No name, not on my ass. I hope you’re satisfied.” He let go of his pants, but before he could tuck his shirt back in, Ben pushed his hands aside. Poe gave an affronted gasp of, “Do you mind? ” as Ben pushed his waistband back down to look at the tattoo again. Poe drew back but only succeeded in widening the gap between his pants and skin, giving Ben an even better look. Then Poe froze when Ben extended one finger and traced it over some of the squiggles, the ones forming the top half of the square-shaped tattoo. “Those’re your initials, aren’t they?” he murmured. Poe broke out in goosebumps as he felt the fingertip—surprisingly smooth and uncalloused—spelling his initials on his skin. Then the finger dropped lower to the bony prominence of Poe’s iliac crest. Ben traced the letters making up the bottom half of the tattoo, the half that had hurt more because it was over the bone. “And these,” Ben whispered, “are mine.” His fingertip rested in the middle of the tattoo for a second, where the bottom and top edges of the two sets of initials intertwined; then he drew his hand back. Poe swallowed around the painful lump that had risen in his throat and shoved his shirt hem back inside his pants without raising his eyes. He turned his face away so Ben wouldn’t see his rapid blinking, but that left him looking down at BB-8 instead. The little droid gave a soft, apologetic whir. “It’s okay, buddy,” Poe mumbled, and he reached down to pat BB-8’s round side. After a moment, Ben asked quietly, “When, Poe? After I left?” Poe considered ignoring him, but BB-8 whirred again, and Poe figured that if he didn’t answer, the droid probably would. “No.” He shook his head, still with his face turned away. “After Jakku.” “Poe,” Ben whispered. His deep voice sounded thick, almost husky, but Poe still didn’t look at him, even when Ben said more urgently, “ Poe .” Poe could have had to respond if General Organa hadn’t come in at just that moment with C-3PO toddling after her. Normally, Poe didn’t have a lot of patience for Threepio, even though BB-8 admired him immensely; however, just then, Poe was very glad to see him. Ben might have pursued the matter of the tattoo even in front of his mother, but not with Threepio there. “I’m sorry I’m late,” General Organa grumbled as she sat down across from Poe and Ben. “Everyone wants me to be in a thousand places at once.” She lifted her eyes to Poe’s face and apparently saw something there, because she then cast a questioning look at her son. “Is everything all right?” “Yes,” both men muttered at the same time. Poe glanced at Ben, found piercing dark eyes looking back. Is he going to let it go? Poe wondered. Ben turned back to his mother, then so did Poe. She frowned and sat forward in her chair with the stern look Poe had seen a thousand times and, he’d wager, Ben had seen far more than that. But before the stern look—which conveyed something of princess, general, and mother all at once—could break down either Poe or Ben, Threepio piped up in his prim, clipped voice, “If I may, perhaps we should begin? We won’t get anything accomplished sitting here in silence, you know.” General Organa turned the stern look, now tinged with irritation, at the protocol droid, but then she echoed his sentiments in a sigh. “You’re right about that, Threepio. Silence never accomplished anything. Let’s get started.” Poe was fortunate in that General Organa wanted to speak to her son in private after their briefing. He escaped further questioning about the tattoo when he and the droids left Ben and his mother there in the conference room. Threepio was chattering on about something as they walked (or, in BB-8’s case, rolled) away, but Poe tuned him out. Instead, he heard Ben’s voice over and over in his head: Those’re your initials, aren’t they? And these are mine. Poe didn’t know why he’d gotten the tattoo. He had been drunk, a little, but he probably wouldn’t have known even sober. Yet lying awake at night, when he’d traced the letters with his fingertips the way Ben had just now, they’d given him the feeling that some small part of Ben was still with him. Not the part that had been Kylo Ren, the part that had violated Poe’s thoughts and broken his heart—but the part that had been Ben Solo first, the part that had seemed so serious until it dissolved into sparkling dark eyes and laughter. And now he’s back, Poe thought, maybe. There was some hope of that in the touch of Ben’s finger on Poe’s skin, the look in his eyes and the tremor in his whisper. Poe’s steps had slowed until he was trailing behind the two droids, and he dropped his hand to press it against his hipbone. Without stopping his forward rolling motion, BB-8 turned his dome and looked back at Poe. He interrupted Threepio’s blather with a soft, questioning trill. The protocol droid never even noticed and kept right on talking; Poe smiled at BB-8 and walked faster to catch up. Still, under his clothes, the tattoo burned with the memory and the hope of Ben’s touch. -- The End Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the BenPoe Canon series