Notes: Back at it with the Techienician again! So, this premise has been rattling around my head for a while, not 100% sure where it's going to go yet but I wanted to get this first chapter out anyway. In this story, Techie is 18 and Matt is 26. If you're not into age difference, you probably shouldn't read this fic. Obviously I don't condone high school kids dating their janitors in real life. Tags will be added as we go so keep an eye on them I guess? Feedback and thoughts would be greatly appreciated! He won’t make love to me now Not now I’ve set the fee He said it’s too much in pound I guess I’m stuck with me. He told me I was so small I told him water me I promise I can grow tall When making love is free. * Really, it’s his own fault, Techie thinks ruefully; he knows better by now than to use the boy’s bathrooms on the second floor. Whoever had designed a high school restroom with two exits had clearly never been bullied. The room has become a headquarters of sorts for Bala-Tik and his ominously named Guavian Death gang, an assortment of burly kids kicked off their sports teams and pot dealers with grades dangling by a thread; with doors on either end, the bathroom provides an easy escape should teachers come snooping. All Techie had wanted was to put his eye drops in between classes, but the disabled toilet had been occupied, and judging by the two giggly voices muffled behind the door it wouldn’t be free any time soon. Now, instead, he finds himself pinned to the urine-stained floor of the boy’s bathroom, squirming under the weight of Bala-Tik while another two chortling thugs he never bothered to learn the names of hold his arms and legs immobile. “Stay still ,” Bala-Tik spits down at him, uncapped sharpie hovering threateningly above Techie’s forehead, “already fucked up the one on your neck with your squirming.” From what he can gather of their cavemen grunts, Techie thinks the sharpie tattoo on his neck says “Mama”; for whatever reason this is a frequent topic of abuse the Guavians have latched on to, something about his mother being a gold-digger (they’re not wrong , exactly – he’d pried out of Armitage at great length that Madeline had been an escort Brendol had left Maratelle for – but he’s not about to confirm that to the student body at large). He scrunches his eyes shut and keeps still as the cold tip of the sharpie scrawls too-hard against his forehead. Just six more months , he tells himself; just six months and he’ll graduate and he’ll never have to see these idiots again. “Why ‘male’?” Unkar Plutt asks from the direction of the sinks. “How else is anyone gonna know he’s a boy with that girly hair?” Bala-Tik sneers, to the raucous laughter of his cronies. Techie cracks an eye open to watch as he reaches for a different colour pen- “What the FUCK do you little shits think you’re doing?!” a familiar voice bellows. Oh no. The Guavians scarper out of the opposite door, predictably, cackling as they go, too fast and too many of them to be caught, while Techie lies there in the middle of the bathroom floor wishing it would swallow him up whole. Not like this, he thinks miserably, don’t let him see me like this . From somewhere above him, Matt curses under his breath. The school janitor steps into his blurry field of view, one hand held out. “You okay, kid?” Matt sighs. Techie nods weakly and takes the proffered hand – big, so big and warm and strong – to pull himself up to sitting, reaching for the fuzzy black shape of his glasses nearby. He keeps his face down, letting his long red hair fall in front of him to try and hide the furious blush he can feel warming his skin. “They hurt you at all?” “N-no,” Techie mumbles. As soon as he’s on his feet, he quickly turns away to the sinks, flicking a tap on with trembling fingers to try and rub away the sharpie scrawled onto his forehead. The blond janitor watches in silence, frowning as Techie scrubs at his skin fruitlessly, the water failing to even smudge the spidery black letters. Just go away already, leave me alone, don’t see me like this, please, don’t look, just go - A firm hand snatches at Techie’s wrist, pulling it away from his face. His breath hitches loudly in the silence of the bathroom. For all he’s been trying to avoid looking directly at Matt in the hope that this is all some horrible dream, he turns to look up at the janitor now, and what a sight he must be, skin rubbed red and hair sticking up and stupid, thick glasses magnifying his eyes, disproportionately big and bug-like. But Matt only frowns back down at him with an unreadable expression, before sighing through his nose. “Sharpie, huh?” he murmurs eventually. He tugs on Techie’s wrist gently, pulling him towards the exit opposite to the ones the Guavians made their escape through. “C’mon. Nurse Anderson has some stuff that’ll get that off.” Techie follows mutely, the steady grip of Matt’s fingers around his wrist allowing no room for argument. He keeps his eyes to the floor as Matt leads him along the school hallways like a lost puppy, miserably wondering how exactly one is supposed to convey I’ve had a gigantic crush on you since I was fifteen, this is the worst way for you to finally notice me, please just let me die right now without saying as much. The one saving grace of this is that class is still in session and the halls are empty of witnesses to his shame. He chances a glance upwards at Matt’s broad shoulders. Techie’s heard of kids with crushes on their teachers. Hell, he’s pretty sure that his older brother slept with one or two, though Armitage won’t say and he’s afraid to ask Kylo to confirm or deny. Crushing on the school janitor, though…not so much. Matt had turned up at New Republic High School three years ago as part of a community service program. The seniors at the time insisted that he’d spent a while in prison, but Principal Organa had nonetheless offered him a job when his service had ended. Techie remembers very clearly (and frequently, in bed, at night) the first time he saw Matt – sweat-drenched in the summer sun, kneeling down in the flower beds by the sports field, tugging up the bottom of his shirt to mop at his brow and revealing taut abs underneath the highlighter orange of his court-mandated uniform. Honestly, Techie can’t understand why the other students don’t see it; instead, they laugh at the man behind his back, compete with each other to see who can set off Matt’s famous temper the most explosively, snort derisively at his shaggy blond hair and ill-fitting jumpsuit and unfashionable glasses. “Anderson!” Matt yells, rapping his knuckles against the nurse’s office door. “You in there?” Still he keeps his grip on Techie’s wrist, and it’s…actually kind of nice, if Techie ignores how they got here. Warm. Safe. The janitor pushes the door open slightly, peering through it to find the office empty. “Damn…she must be on her coffee break,” he grumbles to himself. But then he brightens, finally turning to Techie again. “No worries, I know where she keeps the alcohol wipes.” Matt tugs on his wrist again to draw him into the office before nudging Techie towards the bed. “You just sit, okay?” “O…okay,” the teenager mumbles, shuffling over to the bed he’s spent hours of his high school career languishing in; the Hux brothers were never the healthiest of children, to Brendol’s constant disappointment. He perches daintily on the edge, watching Matt rifle through a drawer with abandon. “Aha!” Matt says triumphantly, brandishing a packet of alcohol wipes. But instead of handing them over, he pulls one out and steps close enough that Techie can smell his deodorant. With a look of intense concentration, he takes Techie’s jaw very gently in one hand to keep him still, and starts to dab slowly and carefully at the ‘male’ scrawled on his forehead. It’s…it’s dizzying , having Matt so close after years of pining, having his full and undivided attention like this. Techie belatedly realizes that this may be due to not breathing for the last thirty seconds. He takes a shuddering breath, watching the shiny pink of Matt’s tongue peeking out of his plush lips in concentration; his fingers dig into the thin mattress of the nurse’s bed to stop himself from launching forward to try and coax Matt’s tongue further out with his own mouth. “There, easy,” Matt murmurs, too soon, much too soon, drawing back with a small, satisfied smile, and he can’t go, not now, not now he’s so close- “Th-they, um- they g-got my neck, too!” Techie says quickly, releasing his iron grip on the mattress to comb his hair over one shoulder so Matt can see. The janitor scowls at the sight of it, muttering something about damn teenagers under his breath, but he dutifully pulls a fresh wipe out of the packet to start smoothing the half-hearted tattoo away. He keeps one hand on Techie’s jaw to hold him still again – the teenager wonders if he can feel Techie biting his cheek to swallow a whimper at the cool, firm strokes of the wet cloth against the thin skin of his neck, if he even notices the shallow breaths he’s struggling to keep quiet through his nose or the fluttering of his allergy-raw eyelids behind his glasses. “Damn, this one’s not coming off so well…” Matt mutters, more to himself than anything, tugging a few more wipes from the pack free. Techie quietly hopes it never comes off, if it means Matt so close like this, and maybe this wasn’t such a bad way for the janitor to finally notice him after all (but fuck if he doesn’t want him to lean forward and replace the cool wipes with the heat of his mouth and tongue instead). The senior can feel himself getting hard in his pants, and damn Armitage for insisting he couldn’t go wrong with skinny jeans when they hide absolutely nothing; he attempts to not-so-subtly squeeze his thighs together, but with the tickle of Matt’s warm breath against his ear it does nothing to help. “Nearly got it,” Matt says reassuringly, the total opposite of what Techie wants to hear. His breath hitches again in a panic – think, think , make Matt stay, he can’t go, what would Armitage do- From the corner of his eye he sees Matt withdrawing his hands. Techie does the first thing that he thinks of. Matt’s eyes widen, all the breath leaving the older man in one go, and the senior goes cold as his brain catches up with his body; he has one of Matt’s wrists in a vice-like grip…and two of the fingers on the hand attached to it in his mouth. For a tense moment, Techie just blinks up at the janitor, as confused and shocked with himself as Matt is. He has, almost certainly, fucked this up. But then a small voice in his head that sounds suspiciously like his older brother whispers: nowhere to go but down . Techie curls his tongue wetly around the two fingers in his mouth, forcing himself to lock eyes with the older man. His skin tastes salty, faintly bitter and medicinal from the alcohol wipes; Techie sighs around them, letting his mouth fall open a little. Matt’s wide-eyed gaze drops down to the sight, as the senior licks kitten-like at the pads of fingers before coaxing them back in and suckling with a quiet hum. The janitor’s breath comes heavily, loud in the small office with just the two of them, brown eyes nearly black, cheeks flushed and lips parted. Techie has never felt so victorious in his entire life. Bolstered by the reaction, he uses his grip on Matt’s wrist to pull his hand higher, trailing the tip of his tongue from spit-slick fingers down to the sensitive skin of his palm, laying it flat there before licking back upwards in a slow drag to take two digits between his lips again and sucking hard. Matt gasps. Just that small response is enough to make Techie moan around his fingers; he wants to look down, wants to see if Matt is as hard as he is, but he can’t tear his gaze from the rapturous way the older man is watching him. Then, the sharp clicks of heels in the hallway, and with only seconds to spare Matt wrenches himself away from Techie and to the other side of the room. “Matt, I told you a thousand times , you’re not allowed to be in here when I’m not-“ Nurse Anderson pauses in the doorway at the sight of Techie on the bed, flushed and sweating nervously, pillow fisted awkwardly in his lap to try and hide the erection straining uncomfortably against his jeans. She gives him an exasperated look. “Techie, again ?” she says disbelievingly. “I’ll call your dad’s driver to come pick you up,” Anderson sighs, not even bothering to take his temperature and going straight for her phonebook. “Th…thank you?” Techie squeaks, amazed that he seems to be getting away with this. Perhaps being in here every other week since he started high school is actually going to pay off after all. For his part, Matt is trying to shuffle his way out of the room as quietly as he can, both hands in his jumpsuit’s pockets trying to discreetly hide his- fuck, Techie knows what he’s going to be thinking about for the next month, wondering for a moment if he really is sick and delirious because Matt is big . “Did you need something, Matt?” Anderson asks as she lets the phone ring. “ Nope !” he calls behind him, sprinting out of the room as if shot. “Weirdo,” the nurse mutters to herself, “oh! Hi, is that Mr. Mitaka? Yeah, hi, it’s nurse Anderson from New Republic High…again…“ Techie tunes out her conversation with Brendol’s driver, instead desperately trying to calm himself down and will his hard-on away. It’s surprisingly easy given the sudden dread that washes over him. He’d just- he’d just grabbed Matt’s hand without asking, had he…was that assault? What if Matt hated it? Would he tell on him? Would Techie be in trouble? Expelled? He feels, suddenly, terribly dizzy, and not just from the blood racing away from his dick. Anderson is looking at him funny from the corner of her eye; she makes a lie down gesture with the hand not holding the phone. He feels like maybe he might have turned whiter than usual, following her direction and curling up on the thin cot gratefully. But Matt hadn’t…Matt hadn’t pushed him away , or even pulled his hand back. He was strong, Techie’s weak grip wouldn’t have stopped him. And he had been so hard in his jumpsuit- Techie squeezes his eyes shut and resolves not to pursue that line of thought until later, for fear of getting turned on again himself. It takes another twenty minutes before Mitaka arrives. He’s always been kind and patient with Techie (perhaps because he’s the only member of the Hux family that’s never shouted at the poor man). He melts gratefully into the back seat of Mitaka’s car. The drive back to Peach Trees passes in relative silence. He sneezes as soon as he gets home, as usual, eyes starting to burn the moment he steps foot inside. “Mama?” Techie calls softly. One of her wretched dogs yaps at him, but no response from Madeline herself. The teenager trails into the living room of the mansion to find her, predictably, in her usual spot passed out on the huge couch in front of the TV, an empty bottle of something he probably doesn’t want to know about on the coffee table and the dogs she refuses to get rid of (despite all of Techie’s violent allergies) asleep around her. With a sigh, he props her onto her side in case she throws up and rearranges her blanket. He could probably do with a nap himself; filial duties complete, he wanders upstairs and locks the door to his dark room, pulling off everything to lie naked in bed. Maybe if Brendol is home late, he’ll be able to skype with Armitage tonight. He and Kylo will know what to make of today – they’re both ten years older than him, and only two years older than Matt, they’ll know, they’ll understand. For now, he tugs his collection of blankets and pillows on top of himself. He doesn’t really need three duvets, but he likes the weight of them, likes to pretend it’s someone (usually Matt) lying on top of him; bottom lip between his teeth, he pulls a pillow under his hips and spreads his legs, grinding his slowly hardening cock against it like he used to when he first figured out masturbation. Maybe if Nurse Anderson hadn’t interrupted them. Maybe if Matt had spun him around and bent him over the small office bed, used the same fingers (so big, so thick in his mouth) Techie had drooled over to work him open; overheated under his heavy pile of duvets, Techie groans, humping his pillow desperately and wishing it was Matt thrusting into him, pushing him into the motion, wishing Matt was whispering into his ear, what were you thinking, dirty little thing, sucking my fingers like that, wishing that he’d dropped to his knees in the nurse’s office right then and there to choke on something much better than the older man’s hand, much bigger, and he saw it, the hard line of Matt’s dick in his pants, he did that - Techie comes soundlessly into his pillow, eyes squeezed tightly shut, dizzy, so dizzy. Please, fuck, let Armitage know what to do. * Chapter 2 Notes: So I decided to cut this chapter in half, because the second part of it just isn't playing ball right now and needs to be beaten into submission, but you guys gave me so many lovely comments on the first chapter that I didn't want to leave you hanging too long! Get ready for the angst...don't worry, we'll get to the filthy, filthy smut eventually. Also, credit goes to robinasnyder for first having Techie's name be "Technical Hux", because they're so right, it does match Armitage. As it turns out, Techie needn’t have worried. A week later, no summons have come from Principal Organa for him to see her in her office, no concerned conversations have happened with Nurse Anderson – by all appearances, Matt seems to have kept the incident between them to himself. Once or twice, he’s caught the janitor staring at him (always from a safe distance: the opposite end of a hallway, the other side of the cafeteria), but each time, the older man flushes and quickly turns away, refusing to meet Techie’s eyes. It's...confusing, to say the least. As it also turns out, Techie doesn’t get the chance to video chat with Armitage, but that’s disappointing on an entirely different and more familiar level. Brendol has been on the warpath, and Techie doesn’t dare risk more than furtive text messages and hurriedly typed skype updates with his disowned older brother. Communicating is difficult enough when they live in different time-zones without their father irritably prowling around the house in the evenings, too. He’s pondering whether to text Armitage now as he sits on the bleachers by the sports field. Usually he spends his lunch hiding in the computer labs – or, if he gets caught eating in there one too many times by Mr. Artoo and Mr. Threepio, hiding furtively in a corner of the cafeteria – but it’s a nice day, and the one day of the week that his lunch lines up with Rey’s. He figures he might as well make the most of the great outdoors before hayfever season starts in earnest and he has a second set of allergies to contend with. A box of pizza slaps down on the bench next to him, startling him from his thoughts. “Whaddup, brother!” Rey crows, throwing herself down next to Techie. She takes two slices at once from the box, one in each hand, before nudging it towards him with a knee. “We’re not related,” Techie says mildly, helping himself. “Well. Yet, anyway. Kylo and Tidge aren’t getting married until December, I told you.” “So you say ,” the younger girl says suspiciously around a mouthful of cheese. She points accusingly at Techie with one of her limp slices of pizza. “Don’t believe a damn word out of Kylo’s mouth, he’ll send the Skywalker-Organa-Solos invitations a month after the wedding’s already happened and blame it on the mailman, I know it.” “I’ll make sure they don’t elope without you,” Techie replies solemnly, “I know how much you want to be the flower girl.” Rey grins, kicking her feet out. “Nope, that’s you. I’m gonna be the best man.” Kylo’s cousin is a grade below Techie. They don’t have a whole lot in common, other than their soon-to-be-wedded relatives, but his pool of friends mainly consists of strangers on MMORPGs he’s never met in real life, so he appreciates Rey hanging out with him once a week all the same. Her closest friend, Finn, is currently on the football pitch in front of them doing defence drills with the eleventh grade team, and she watches the junior as they eat their pizza in companionable silence. Techie glances at his phone again and does some quick math in his head; around 6PM in Imperial City’s time-zone, so Armitage is probably on his way home from work. If he texts him now, he won’t get a reply for a few hours yet, but maybe… “Hey, um…Rey?” Techie begins quietly. She makes a muffled questioning noise through a mouth full of pizza, but keeps her eyes trained on Finn down below. “H-have you ever, like…um…wanted to date someone o-older than you?” Rey freezes at that, unexpectedly, head twisting towards him. “What, like Poe?” she snaps, a little more harshly than necessary. Techie blinks. He gets the feeling that there’s probably something here that he’s missing, but he’s got his own answers to look for right now. “What? No, no, I don’t mean like- like a grade or two older, I mean like…a teacher older. Or…or something.” Rey relaxes, mouth widening into a Kylo-reminiscent smirk. “Technical Hux, are you trying to tell me you have a crush on Mr. Kenobi?” she teases, sing-song. “ Gross , no!” Techie squawks, shoving at her with his shoulder. “Not that old!” “Well how old are we talking?” Rey says, moving on to her fourth slice of pizza. “Like, Miss Erso old? Or Mr. Imwe old? Because let me tell you, that is a dead end, that dude has been married to Mr. Malbus for years. It’s disgustingly sweet.” Techie doesn’t get a chance to respond to that. What he does get is a sudden and unexpected football to the face. He finds himself on his back blinking up at the clear blue sky, and his only thought before the surprise fades and the pain sets in is this is what I get for going outside . “Oh god!! Oh my god, I’m so sorry! Are you okay??” a familiar voice yells from down below, followed quickly by Finn bounding up the bleachers and looking down at Techie in a panic. “It’s…it’s fine,” Techie groans, righting himself. He’s had dodgeballs to the face plenty of times before, and this is…surprisingly not that bad in comparison? Rey is looking at him and wincing, though, hissing through her teeth, which can’t be a good sign. “…What? Am I bleeding?” “Glasses, dude,” she says apologetically. Techie paws at his face, and…pulls away his thick glasses in two pieces, the black plastic of the bridge split neatly down the middle. He tries to balance them by the arms on his ears so he can peer up at Finn, only for them to fall into his lap almost immediately. “Shit, they must have taken all the impact,” Finn says, hopping from foot to foot anxiously. “Do you have spares? Can I, like, get them for you from your locker or something? Fuck, do you need Nurse Anderson?” “No, no, I’m okay,” Techie sighs, squinting down at the two blurry halves of his glasses. “I, um, don’t have my spares at school though…do you think they’ve got any tape in the art department or something? ” “Oh! I got it!” Finn says brightly, holding out a hand for Techie to take. “Here, let me help you down the stairs, I know where we can find tape.” He doesn’t really need Finn’s help – everything’s blurry, not dark – but it seems to assuage the junior’s guilt, so he lets himself be led by the shorter teenager back into the main building, taking a winding route between the science labs. They come to an abrupt halt two corridors away from the art department. He doesn’t realize where Finn has taken him until it’s too late to run. “Mr. Matt!!” Finn calls, pounding a fist on the door to the janitor’s room. The senior’s blood runs cold at the name. A muffled grumble comes from inside the room – Techie can just about make out the shape of someone standing up through the frosted glass window of the door. Fuck. “I gotta head back to practice, but Matt’s got duct tape for sure, okay?” Finn says cheerily, already jogging away and somehow missing the look of horror on the older teenager’s face. No, no, no, traitor- “Sorry about the glasses again!” he calls over his shoulder, before disappearing around a corner. The door opens. Matt’s blurry face blinks back at him. “ Uh ,” the janitor says. “U-um- I-…aah,” Techie stutters back just as eloquently. He considers fleeing, but knowing his luck (and his current lack of vision) he’ll trip and face plant while still in Matt’s line of sight, so instead he gives up all hope and dignity, shoving the two pieces of his glasses forward with his eyes fixed firmly on his feet. “…D-duct tape?” For a long, awkward moment, Matt is completely silent. Techie doesn’t dare to look up, heart-hammering in his ribcage. But then, eventually, the two halves are gently plucked from his hands, and the taller man steps back into his utility-room-slash-office. “Come in, I guess,” Matt says stiffly. Techie shuffles in after him, letting the door close behind them as the janitor sits down on a rickety computer chair at a workbench to one side of the room. The blond hooks a foot around a stool shoved underneath the bench, dragging it out with a squeal against the linoleum floor and pushing it towards Techie. His room is small and overcrowded, every wall lined with shelves creaking with tins of paint, toolboxes, gardening equipment, cleaning supplies, and boxes of screws and pins and lightbulbs – with his wide shoulders and towering 6-foot-something frame, Matt makes the room look even smaller, cramped and seated awkwardly at his table like a giant trying to use children-sized things. Techie settles himself on the offered stool, watching as Matt pulls a roll of duct tape and some scissors out of a drawer. With practiced hands that lead Techie to wonder how often the janitor does this kind of thing for the bespectacled of New Republic High, he starts to cut a piece of tape into thin strips. In the quiet of the tiny room, Matt doesn’t speak, gaze resolutely on the workbench in front of him. It’s unbearable. “I-!” Techie starts – much too loudly – without really knowing what he’s going to say. Matt’s big hands still their work. He doesn’t turn around. “I-I, um…I nnn…n-never ssaid t-thank you,” Techie forces out. “F-for getting the…the sharpie off. S-so, um…” Even without his glasses and in the dim lighting of the room, the sudden, intense blush that creeps up the back of Matt’s neck over the collar of his jumpsuit is easy to see, a bright pink that clashes horribly with his sandy hair. “You’re welcome,” Matt grunts. He takes Techie’s glasses and lines them up on the bench in front of him, before reaching for one of his strips of tape and carefully starting to loop it around the plastic bridge. “I, um…I’m Techie,” the teenager says awkwardly. Out of habit, he picks up the roll of duct tape the janitor has been using from Matt’s workbench to have something to nervously fiddle with. “I know,” Matt says gruffly. Techie blinks, taken off guard. “You…you d-do?” At that, Matt pauses in his work again, head turning ever so slightly towards the student. Still refusing to meet the teenager’s questioning gaze. “You’re Hux’s baby brother.” “Wh…how do you…?” “He was in the grade above me at the Academy. He scared the shit out of me,” Matt says tightly. His lips thin, fist clenching on the table. He’s silent a moment more, before he adds in a low mutter under his breath, almost inaudible, “now you’re here to scare the shit out of me too, I guess.” Techie sucks in a sharp breath, eyes widening – the roll of tape falls from his loose fingers, thudding once on the floor before rolling underneath the desk. “Ah- shit ! S-sorry, I’ll just-, ” He drops to his knees automatically, thinking only stupid, clumsy, dummy, idiot on a miserable loop, crawling underneath the workbench to retrieve the roll. It’s only after he’s picked it up that he realizes the position he’s in – on hands and knees, between Matt’s thighs spread under the desk and face inches away from the other’s crotch while the janitor looks down at him wide-eyed and frozen in place and how the fuck has he managed to do this again? Still as a graveyard, they stare at each other in awkward horror. Until this time – this time, Matt moves. Like Techie is an animal he might spook away, he moves slowly, slowly, dragging the taped up glasses from the bench and holding them carefully in both hands; Techie goes cross-eyed as he follows the movement of them nearer and nearer to his face, until he can’t see the frames and can only see Matt, clear again, as the older man delicately hooks them over his ears with a whisper of a brush of fingers against skin. Matt snatches his hands back like Techie is a trap that might snap and close on him at any moment, looking down at the student with a heady mixture of anticipation and anxiety playing over his features. Well then . Drawing his dry bottom lip between his teeth, the teenager moves in return, just as carefully, lifting his hands from the floor to tentatively rest them on Matt’s kneecaps. The janitor’s breath catches, before coming back noisier than before, pulling air shakily through his mouth; Techie’s palms slip downwards to the inside of his knees, push a few inches further into the territory of Matt’s inner thighs, and the older man’s legs spread a little wider, welcoming, whether consciously or not. Backwards and forwards, with the tips of his fingers Techie starts to rub purposeful little circles into the thick muscles underneath his hands; blue eyes still looking up into Matt’s brown ones, he shuffles a little closer on his knees, hands travelling a little further inwards. Matt makes an odd noise in his throat when Techie’s fingers reach the tender upper reaches of his thighs, something halfway between a groan and a whimper, strangled before it can fully form. He’s so close now to the slowly growing bulge between the older man’s legs, to everything he’s spent the last week obsessing over under the covers at night, so close he could duck his head and lick the fabric – Techie shuts his mouth for fear of drooling, looking down coyly at the zipper of Matt’s jumpsuit. He closes the gap between his hands on each thigh, meeting in the middle and fuck , that’s Matt’s cock jumping under the feather-light press of his fingertips, twitching and filling out just for him , their skin separated only by a few measly layers of cotton- Someone slams their locker shut outside. Matt startles, head snapping fearfully to the frosted glass of his door, body wound tight like a spring. The spell is broken; he turns back to Techie and something agonized and hurt passes over the janitor’s face – but before Techie can fully ponder the expression, it twists again into something infinitely more familiar, a rage he’s only ever seen directed at other students. The blond’s big hands fist in Techie’s mustard yellow sweatshirt, dragging him roughly upwards and slamming him up against the shelves in one violent motion. “Who put you up to this?” Matt snarls, suddenly there and furious in Techie’s face, eyes promising murder. Winded and shocked, Techie can only wheeze in response. “W-what??” “Was it one of those little Guavian fucks? Huh? Do you think this is fucking funny, jailbait?!” The janitor punctuates this with another shake of Techie’s shoulders, rattling the contents of the shelf behind him. “They want to see me in prison again, is that it?!” “Jailba- I’m eighteen !” Techie at least manages to retort this with some indignation, despite the frightened tears gathering in his eyes against his will, a pavlovian response to raised voices cultivated from years of screaming and shouting. “Blackmail, then!” Matt spits. “You think I’m an idiot?! What was the plan, huh? Get my pants down and then your football-team friend comes running in here with a camera?! Tch, which is it – getting me fired, or asking for money?” “ Neither! There’s no- there’s no p-plan!” Techie cries, struggling against Matt’s iron grip. “Fff- my dad has a fucking driver to pick me up, why would I need your money?? Let go !” “Then what the hell is your angle here, kid?” Matt hisses, fingers twisted much too tight in Techie’s sweatshirt, something desperate and wild in his expression. “Cute little twinks don’t just throw themselves at me, okay, so what the fuck is it you want?! You think it’s fun to tease people? Is that it!?” Techie’s not sure what hurts more: the shelves digging painfully into his back, the pull of his collar against his neck, or the accusations Matt throws like daggers, caught in the eye of a storm he’s always known about, but never truly experienced. Perhaps what’s worst of all is that he can feel himself about to start crying for real, the same full-frontal ugly sobbing that comes every time he endures his father’s belittling fury. The first tear pulls loose to roll down his cheek, he can’t let Matt see it, he can’t - The teenager lurches forward in the janitor’s grip and kisses him. For a glorious split-second, Techie tastes the little gasp that escapes Matt’s mouth, feels the plush lips he’s dreamed of sucking and nipping for years parting between his own. In the next, his own trembling, panicked breath, the tears falling hot and fast down his skin; he pulls back first. Matt blinks down at his tear-streaked face, bewildered, and Techie hisses, “ fuck you .” Smacking the janitor’s hands away from him, the student turns away to wrench open the door to the office, finally making his long overdue escape into the corridor. “Wait- wait !” Matt calls weakly from behind him. Techie doesn’t turn around, storming away (though the effect is somewhat ruined by his muffled sniffling and the noisy squeak of his beat-up sneakers on the linoleum floor). Fuck Matt for assuming the worst. Fuck Matt for seeing the blubbering, pathetic mess of him hidden beneath the surface. Fuck Matt for his stupid kissable lips and… …and shit, that was his first kiss. Techie ducks into a restroom and bawls. * Chapter 3 Notes: I hear it's the Techienician anniversary o: so here's another chapter to celebrate! Thank you so much again everyone who's commented, it's the weekend so now I have time to reply! Curled up in the back of Mitaka’s sedan behind the safety of tinted black windows, Techie decides that the universe is cruel. Naturally, it has chosen this day for rush hour traffic to delay their journey home by over an hour, and his hopes of calling Armitage to cry on his digital shoulder dwindle by the minute. It’s already past midnight in Imperial City, and though his older brother mysteriously manages to survive on only five hours of sleep a night, he insists on going to bed at one AM sharp. The day hadn’t improved much following his miserable first kiss with Matt; he stayed huddled in a toilet cubicle weeping for long enough that he missed the first period after lunch and was late for AP C++ with Mr. Esso. His nose hurts from the football he took to the face and his head hurts from the crying, and every scratchy brush of the duct tape holding his glasses together against his skin only serves to remind him of Matt again. Fucking finally they pull into the Peach Trees gated community, Mitaka rolling them to a gentle stop outside of the Hux family mansion. Techie heaves his bag onto his shoulders, but the doors remain locked. “Hey, um,” the driver begins timidly, looking up at Techie in the rear-view mirror with knitted eyebrows. “Your mom has those guys over again. You should probably take the back door, okay?” “…You know you’re too good for this family, right?” Techie says sincerely. Mitaka smiles and shrugs, unlocking the doors. “It pays the bills and I get to drive a cool car around,” he replies easily. “See you in the morning, Techie.” The student hurries to the side entrance of the house; if Madeline’s awful friends are here, that means that for the first time in a week, Brendol isn’t . Taking a deep breath and pinching his nose to stop himself from sneezing the minute he steps inside, Techie unlocks the door. The mood in the house feels off immediately, only confirmed when he sees one of Madeline’s dogs peering out at him fearfully from behind a coat-rack (the fat Pekinese with the crooked face that he’d actually be rather fond of, if its fur didn’t make his eyelids swell up). Caleb and Kay’s cruel, noisy laughter echoes from the direction of the living room, covering the click of the door shut behind him. He tip-toes up the stairs to his bedroom, and only once the door is locked behind him does he let the sneezing fit overtake him, fighting his way through it and across the room to hammer out a message on skype before he’s even got his shoes off. Techie (18:24:04): are u still awake? Come on, come on, please, please – (18:26:10) Hux is calling you. “Yes!!” Techie hisses to himself with a little fist-pump to the air, hitting the accept button with relish. He settles into his worn leather chair while the call connects, toeing off his sneakers. On the other side of the screen, Armitage’s eyes immediately narrow. “Did somebody hit you?” he says, by way of greeting. “What? Why?” Techie frowns at the slightly pixellated version of his brother. The older Hux is in bed, dressed in sweatpants and a thin black tank top, laptop balanced on his knees and Kylo’s head on his stomach. Techie can see just about half of Kylo’s sleep-slack face, Armitage’s free hand combing lazily through his dark hair. It’s not an unfamiliar sight – there’s usually a fifty-fifty chance of either Kylo or Millicent using his brother as a pillow during these video calls. “You look a little puffy, ah…here-ish,” Armitage says, gesturing with one hand over his nose and forehead. “Oh, right, um...stray football to the face at lunchtime. S’okay, glasses took most of the damage,” Techie shrugs. He holds the taped-up pair to the webcam for his brother’s inspection. “ Techie , the Calvin Kleins?” Armitage groans disbelievingly, sounding so much like their father for a moment that, for the second time that day, Techie unexpectedly bursts into tears. “Oh, sweetheart, no, no, what is it?” Tidge coos, leaning towards the webcam as if he can reach through the screen and get closer to Techie that way. The movement dislodges Kylo from his perch, the dark-haired man snuffling awake with a bewildered start. “You can tell me if it was those gang brats again you know, you don’t have to blame it on a football-“ “No, it’s-…it’s just that I- I-!” Techie sniffles, “I h-had my ffuh-first k-kiss!” The pair on the other side of the screen are silent for a long moment. “Who do I have to kill?” Kylo demands in a sleep-thick voice, squinting at the too-bright picture of his future baby-brother-in-law. Armitage rolls his eyes and shoves his fiancé out of frame. “Fuck off back to sleep with you. Now go on,” he says more kindly to Techie. “Was it awful? Oh, oh! Was it Matt?” Techie squirms miserably in his desk chair, rubbing at his sore eyes. “…It was M-Matt.” “That’s my boy,” his brother smirks, making a pay up gesture towards where Kylo is still loitering off camera. “Told you Huxes always get what they want.” The taller man rolls back into frame to settle against Armitage’s side, pulling the blankets up around his ears. “I’m not killing anyone for you, you just cost me a hundred bucks,” Kylo informs Techie sullenly with his eyes closed, which brings a brief, watery-smile to the teenager’s face. “I…um, don’t know that you can cash in on that bet,” he sighs though, mouth turning down again. “It…I didn’t- I didn’t get anything I wanted.” Armitage waves a hand dismissively. “Oh, don’t worry about that. The bet was on the who, not the how. So, come on, let’s hear the gruesome details. Start from the beginning.” Techie gratefully launches into a week’s worth of pent up thoughts and feelings, starting with the incident in the nurse’s office – he’d only managed to convey the bare, embarassing bones of what Kylo has code named “finger lickin’ good” through the medium of text – and spiralling towards storming out of Matt’s work room earlier that afternoon. The catharsis is immediate; Techie thinks, maybe, that this is what other people mean when they say talking to their parents makes them feel better. Armitage lets him get it out of his system, listening patiently with only a nod here and a thoughtful hum there, his hand drifting to tangle in dark hair. He’s been more of a mother to Techie than Madeline ever was, protective and defensive when he could just as easily have turned his nose up at his accidental half-brother. “You know it was always going to be awful, right?” Armitage interrupts eventually. “You’ve been pining after him for…what, two years now?” “Three,” Techie mumbles, poking mournfully at a stale chip on his desk. “I didn’t tell you the first year.” “Well, there you go. How many Hollywood-style fireworks and candlelight situations did you dream up in that time? I mean, I would have only guessed bad breath and too much tongue, but…” He looks down at his fiancé’s sleeping face thoughtfully. “Still. I’m proud of you, darling. You took your first kiss instead of having it taken from you. You had the last word.” The teenager screws up his face, breaking the stale chip into crumbs with a fingertip. “Aren’t you supposed to be telling me that Matt is bad news or demanding I sue for emotional damage or something?” “Believe me, I’ll break every bone in his body myself if he pushes you around like that again,” Armitage says very, very seriously. Techie smiles weakly at that. “Now, it’s one-thirty in the morning here and I’m going to be very cranky tomorrow because I love you,” his brother sniffs haughtily, “so I leave you with this; wait for Matt to apologize, and if he doesn’t, find another janitor to project your daddy issues onto.” “Oh fuck off, your first kiss was with Mr. Krennic just to piss dad off,” Techie grins crookedly. Armitage smirks and rolls his eyes, but doesn’t deny it, instead blowing a kiss to the camera before ending the call. He feels…not good, now, but okay. Better, even though his nose aches and Madeline is yelling at Kay downstairs. Flopping back on his wide bed, Techie pulls off his broken glasses. He holds them up to the ceiling, running a finger over the tape keeping them together; his thoughts turn to the afternoon again almost guiltily. Part of him feels like he shouldn’t even think of the janitor until he makes amends, but the other remembers the brief moment of lips against his own, warm like Matt’s hands. No bad breath, no overeager tongue. At least his first kiss had that going for it. And Matt calling after him, and Matt parting his knees, and…and now blood is rushing south to slowly fill out his dick. Well…his father isn’t home, and his mother and her friends will shortly be too high to hear a thing. And after the day he’s had he fucking deserves a little time to himself, Techie thinks petulantly. But the thought of turning to his usual fantasies of the janitor annoys him suddenly, as if Matt is undeserving of his attention – out of petty, childish revenge he wanders back over to his elaborate computer set up in search of porn. He finds himself drifting towards videos of tall, muscular men tied up and bound, lying there achingly hard and desperate while their partners cruelly bring them to the edge over and over, of vicious little twinks riding them for their own pleasure but never letting them finish. Techie’s hand eagerly slips under his waistband, and- …and the moment his fingers brush the damp head of his cock, his brain substitutes the actors in the video, Matt underneath him sobbing for release while he grinds down teasingly. With a growl of frustration, Techie forces his eyes wide open to focus on the bound man on screen. He’s…not particularly good looking, though, and something about his face reminds him uncomfortably of Unkar Plutt’s doughy features. The video is instantly ruined. Fine , Techie thinks irritably, closing the browser and peeling off his clothes to stomp towards his en-suite bathroom. He turns the shower on with more force than necessary and closes his eyes under the spray of water to give his brain what it obviously craves – Matt, tied up on the floor of his utility room. But it’s not release he’s begging for; please, please be quiet, fantasy Matt whimpers, I’ll fuck you so good, I promise, just don’t let them hear, don’t get me fired . It’s…it’s not what Techie wants at all. He’s not nearly vindictive enough for this to turn him on. Then his brain wanders on autopilot to more familiar territory, and he’s spread out naked on Matt’s workbench at school, hands bound behind his back and mouth covered with the same duct tape the janitor used to bind his glasses, the older man’s uniform pulled off just enough to ease his stiff cock into Techie’s hole. Be quiet for me , fantasy Matt hisses, Techie stifling a moan in reality, or do you want them all to hear what a whore you are? A rough shake of his shoulders like before, gonna get me fired, and then who’ll fuck your slutty little ass? He whimpers, pressing his free hand over his mouth while the other pumps his cock fast and just this side of too tight and the Matt in his head pounds into him hard enough to rattle the contents of the shelves in the room. The shame of giving in to the fantasy only turns him on more – biting his lip to keep quiet, he fumbles with the body wash to ease the first knuckle of a middle finger into his ass. He’s never been able to get off with fingers alone, the angle never quite right and too awkward to push more than a digit or two past the tight ring of muscle, but it helps the fantasy, having something pressed up inside himself, pretending it’s Matt’s big cock splitting him in two. The heat of the water burns where the older man pushed him up against his shelves and fuck he hopes it bruises, that he feels it for the next week, wishes it was his ass that was sore and he wants and wants and wants. He comes silently, release splattering against the shower walls; I’ll be quiet for you , he thinks deliriously, I’ll be so good, I promise . Daddy issues, indeed. * Chapter 4 Notes: This was another chapter that was getting reeeally long as I wrote it, but I think I found a pretty good place to cut it in two. I wanted to post at least one more chapter for Techienician anniversary weekend! I was listening to this remix a lot while writing it , I think it fits the mood of this chapter pretty well. Techie’s never been somewhere with a monsoon season, but he imagines it must be something like this, the rain pouring down in thick, heavy sheets like a drumbeat against the steel awning above him. He curls into himself tighter where he sits on the steps of New Republic High, huddled in a black, oversized sweater he never grew into. The bell rang over an hour ago, and even the after-school clubs have dispersed for the day. The parking lot is empty save for one lonely, beat-up blue car, and the dim light behind the clouds is already starting to fade. It’s looking increasingly likely that Brendol has, once again, forgotten to send a replacement for Mitaka. The driver takes the weekend closest to Jedhan New Year off, every year, without fail. He doesn’t think his father forgets , exactly – no, that would imply he cared enough to remember this fact in the first place, and Techie is, and has always been, an afterthought. He can’t even bring himself to feel upset about it anymore; just distantly disappointed, and so, so fucking tired. He tugs his phone out of his pocket, but with the heavy rain there are no cabs free – the closest wiggly uber icon is miles away. Though Peach Trees is just twenty minutes by car, it would take him at least an hour to walk (he did it before last year, when Brendol forgot then, too). Rey isn’t picking up her phone, probably because it’s Friday and she’s training at her dad’s dojo. If he had Finn’s number, the junior would probably come and get him, but he doesn’t, and the rest of his contact list is pathetically empty. Considering whether he’s desperate enough to try calling one of Madeline’s friends, Techie sighs and closes his eyes, burying his face against his knees. Six more months . Six more months, and then he can pack the suitcase Kylo bought him for his eighteenth birthday, redeem the flight voucher from Armitage and high-tail it to Imperial City. Forget about Madeline and Brendol, and Caleb and Kay and Bala-Tik and Unkar Plutt and the Guavians, and- Someone clears their throat. …And Matt. Techie raises his head wearily to find the janitor standing by the doors of the school, staring at the student with an odd expression. “Hey,” Matt says, voice cracking a little. Techie makes a noise in reply that is supposed to be “hello”, but it comes out so small and miserable that it’s more of a drawn out oh . He turns away again, huddling further into his sweater. It’s been four days since Techie kissed him. To tell the truth, he’s been…not hiding , exactly. He just so happens to know exactly when Matt comes to clean in the computer labs, and he’s been holed up in there under the guise of concentrating on his AP Programming project with the conspicuous exception of those times. Some part of him has been afraid to face the older man again – for fear of rejection, or for fear of Matt refusing to apologize; he’s not sure which. If he doesn’t see the man, he remains a Schrodinger’s box of potential outcomes. “It’s getting dark,” Matt says, clearing his throat again. Apparently it’s time to open the box. “Uh-huh,” Techie says to his knees, bracing himself. The rain keeps hammering on the awning above them, filling the silence. “We should…talk,” the janitor says haltingly. “I owe you an apology.” The redhead stills, holding his breath. He says nothing, waiting to see what Matt will do. For a moment, nothing happens – then, he hears the taller man tentatively step forward, until he’s standing in Techie’s limited peripheral vision, shuffling his weight from foot to foot anxiously. “Fuck,” Matt bursts out suddenly. “Fuck, Techie, I’m so sorry for freaking out on you. I just- I go to anger management classes, I see a therapist, I swear I do, Principal Organa makes me, but I- I fucked up. So badly.” He scrubs a hand over his face, rubbing roughly at his eyes beneath his wireframe glasses. “Did I…did I hurt you? When I- grabbed you.” “…A little,” Techie confesses, hugging his shins. “Just. Sore a few days.” The blond makes an unhappy, pained noise in response, shoulders curling inwards miserably. “Sorry. God, I’m so sorry, and the things I…the dumb shit I said- I just- can I make it up to you?” “It’s…it’s fine,” Techie shrugs, hair curtained around his downturned face. “You, um. You need a ride home?” Matt offers. Techie blinks up at him from behind the thick lenses of his glasses. “…Honestly?” he sighs. “That’s the last place I want to be right now.” “Oh.” Matt scuffs the toes of his trainers against the concrete steps awkwardly. He abruptly drops and folds his long legs, cricket-like, to sit down a little distance away from Techie. His slouched posture seems forced and uncomfortable, somehow. A few minutes pass in silence, both of them watching the rain pelting down in front of them where it joins a small lake forming in the car park. “You like video games?” Matt asks suddenly, almost angrily. The student turns to find him still scowling out at the rain, but…but there are two high spots of colour on his cheeks, big ears bright pink at the tips. Techie makes a small noise of affirmation. The blond tenses further, scowl deepening. “You…you wanna come hang out and play some?” “Like…at your place?” Techie asks, leaning forward curiously to try and catch Matt’s eyes. “Uh-huh. I mean. I get if you, like. Don’t want anything to do with me. I get it,” the janitor says stiffly, squeezing his eyes shut. “I won’t be mad. If you don’t.” Techie’s heart leaps up into his throat. Like a date? he wants to ask, but he bites it back – too desperate, too uncertain, too unbelievable. Instead, he gives the older man a shy, wobbly smile, brushing his hair back behind an ear. “That sounds- really nice, actually.” “Yeah?” Matt looks up at him hopefully, with the same sort of big brown eyes that Madeline’s dogs give him at the dinner table while begging for scraps, and it suddenly occurs to Techie just how insecure the man next to him is, how little he really knows about Matt, save for the certainty that he forgives him. “Yeah,” Techie repeats, smile widening. For a few seconds, Matt just looks at him in stunned disbelief, mouth slack, until he suddenly shakes himself out of it and scrambles to his feet. The janitor shrugs off his bomber jacket while Techie stands up and dusts his jeans off, holding it out over his head like a tent with space for the shorter boy, too. “That’s my car over there. Ready to run for it?” Matt grins bashfully, face lighting up as Techie takes his place under the jacket against his side. Techie nods, breathless. “Okay. Three…two…one… go! ” They both shriek as their feet hit the ground, ankle-height puddles rushing into their shoes and soaking their socks – their wide strides splash the water up against their shins, cold and sobering and holy shit, this is happening, this is real , Techie thinks, laughing as they stumble their way across the car park lake to Matt’s beat up blue vehicle. The jacket doesn’t really help; by the time they reach the passenger side, they’re both soaked, but Matt holds it over him anyway like a true gentleman while he hurries in. “Argh, that fucking sucked !” Matt yells when he gets in on the driver’s side, slamming the door, but his mouth is still stretched in a smile anyway as he tugs his glasses off to wipe away the raindrops with his shirt. Techie giggles to himself and does the same while Matt starts the car and pulls out of the parking lot, heading in the opposite direction to Peach Trees and joining the rush hour traffic. They sit quietly together stuck behind an SUV covered in “Vote Tarkin!” bumper stickers, windscreen wipers and rain tapping on the roof lulling Techie into warm contentment despite the squelch of his socks in his shoes. “I, um. I really am sorry,” Matt breaks the silence after a while, combing a hand nervously through his damp curls. “You really scared me, you know?” “How?” Techie asks softly. “I’ve never, uh, had a student come on to me before,” the janitor says, cheeks burning. “And you’re so…” he coughs into his fist, shaking his head; Techie wants to ask so what? But Matt continues on in a different direction. “My, um. My therapist says I cover fear with anger. So I kinda. Lost it.” His hands clench on the steering wheel hard enough that it creaks under his palms. The student reaches out to ease one of Matt’s hands off the wheel, taking it gently in his own – the traffic is at a standstill, anyway. “I’m not trying to get you fired,” he says earnestly. Matt gives him another one of those intense, unreadable looks, but then he nods and squeezes Techie’s hand in reply, turning back towards the SUV in front of them. They inch forward another mile like that, hand in hand, before a disbelieving laugh bubbles out of Techie’s chest. “I, um. I’ve k-kinda…l-liked you for a really long time,” he confesses quietly. “But I’m…sorta realizing I d-don’t really know that mmuch about you? Like- like is Matt your first or last name? It’s like- the weirdest, best kept secret in school.” Matt grimaces. “Yeah, that’s. Kinda on purpose. My last name sucks.” He takes his hand back to rub his neck awkwardly. “It’s, uh. Radar. Matt Radar.” Techie blinks. “What’s so bad about that?” Matt turns to him with a flat look and points to his big ears. “You’ve seen these, right? Add a surname like that, it’s a fucking death sentence in school. Matt the radar dish, satellite boy, ‘hey Matt, picking up any signals today?’ Whatever.” Techie is honestly only half-listening, instead dreamily adding his own name to Matt’s in his head; Technical Radar? Maybe Technical Radar-Hux? Techie Hux-Radar? “I like it,” he mumbles to his feet, hiding a blush behind his hair. In the end it takes nearly forty minutes to get to the apartment complex where Matt lives, though Techie guesses it should take only ten on a good day – the janitor is much closer to the school than he is. He has a parking spot reserved across the road, meaning another mad dash from the car to the foyer of the building where they both leave wet, dirty footprints leading into the elevator and out to the third floor. “You want a towel or something?” Matt offers, fumbling with the heavy set of keys to his front door. “That’s okay, but, um. Maybe I should take these off out here,” Techie says, unlacing the miserable looking shoelaces of his yellow converses. He half expects water to spill out of them like in a cartoon, but they only make a damp squelch when he pulls his feet out and gets to peeling off his sodden socks. “Shit, yeah. Give me those, I’ll put them on the radiator.” Matt takes them, pushing open the door with a shoulder and ushering Techie inside. It’s a modest apartment – a living room with one small window and a kitchenette along one wall, washer-dryer hidden away in a cupboard. Most of the room is taken up by a big couch with deep cushions, long enough for someone even as tall as Matt to lie fully on, with a coffee table in front of it covered in take-out menus and empty soda cans facing a big TV on the opposite wall. The janitor has a couple of different video game consoles hooked up to it, and a little rack of weights shoved to one side. There’s a pull-up bar in the doorway to the only other room of the house – Techie peeks through it to get a glimpse of the bedroom, where a bathroom must follow too, but all he can see of it without the light on is the blinking LED of a hibernating laptop charging on top of the bed. “I, um. Sorry, it’s kind of a mess,” Matt stutters, hurrying to scoop up the trash littering the table. “I’m just- I’m gonna shower and get changed quickly, so maybe have a look at those menus and pick something for dinner? Oh, wait, shit- do you want some dry clothes too? I could- lend you something?” “Maybe, um…some sweatpants? My jeans got kinda soaked,” Techie agrees reluctantly. Matt nods and ducks into his bedroom, returning with some grey sweatpants that look both too big and too long for Techie, but they’re dry at least, so once the janitor closes the bathroom door behind him he struggles out of his skinny jeans and into Matt’s clothes. Matt’s clothes , Techie thinks with a secret little smile to himself, stroking the worn fabric reverently. He gives the take-out menus a cursory look, melting into the plush couch: pizza, noodles, stir-fry, curry, pasta, sushi…with the vague hope of a second kiss happening later, he discards the more fragrant options, settling on a pasta place. Under the mess on the coffee table he’s surprised to find a few textbooks, liberally decorated with highlighter and post-it notes. “You’re studying to be an electrician?” he asks, wide-eyed, when Matt wanders back into the room in a clean t-shirt and sweatpants of his own. “You don’t think I want to be a janitor forever, do you?” The older man raises an eyebrow at him, heading over to the TV to turn the consoles on. Techie flushes, embarrassed and a little ashamed of himself; honestly he’d never even considered that Matt might have bigger hopes and dreams than to clean up after teenagers for the rest of his life. He really doesn’t know much about the man after all. But Matt only throws himself down on the couch, making Techie bounce, picking up the menu he’d set aside. “Pasta, huh? Cool, this place is pretty good. You like mushrooms? Their mushroom sauce is the shit , okay-” It’s so comfortable, here, ordering take-out with Matt and poking through his video game collection, in a way that being at home in the Hux family mansion never is. He feels- fuck, Techie hasn’t felt this relaxed since the last time Armitage and Kylo were in New Republic on holiday, sneaking out to the chaotic Skywalker-Organa-Solo house to visit them. Matt passes him a scratched-up controller – the least damaged of the two, it seems – and they settle into a Mario Kart tournament while waiting for dinner to arrive. “What the- did you just lap me?! I’m in second place!!” Matt yells disbelievingly. “You’re fucking cheating!” “Nuh- uh , I’m just that good,” Techie answers back smugly, eyes never leaving the screen, so he misses Matt reaching out to slap the controller from his hands. “Wha- now who’s cheating!!” He picks the controller back up, squirming to the other side of the sofa and kicking his legs out so Matt can’t get him again. He still beats Matt easily anyway. The janitor throws his controller to the floor hard with a roar of frustration, and suddenly Techie understands how they got so scratched up. Matt flinches when he sees Techie eyeing him from the other end of the sofa. “Sorry. Fuck, sorry, uh. I get. Kind of competitive,” he says, deflating. “Fuck, maybe this was a bad idea, um. I can still- if you want me to drive you home-?” Techie crawls over to Matt’s side of the couch, bending down to pick his controller up and putting it back in his hands. “Co-op?” he suggests with a small, patient smile. The look Matt gives him is so heartbreakingly grateful that it makes Techie’s chest hurt, brown eyes wide and adoring; the blond leans in ever so slightly, and- …and the doorbell rings. Matt curses under his breath, tripping over the carpet to answer the door to the delivery guy. Damn you, pasta man, Techie thinks viciously, feeling tempted to slam his own controller down. He’s mollified by the fact that Matt settles back down right up against him, arm to arm, side pressed up against side, and if he leans his weight into the taller man a little more than necessary while they eat their pasta, neither of them mentions it. The sauce is as good as Matt said it was, which makes him puff up with pleased pride when Techie says so through a mouthful of food. By 10PM they’ve cycled through a few games, ending up as a team on Smash Bros. instead, fighting a pair of players from Jedha online. “No no fuck come on NO !” Matt shouts, the last of his lives disappearing as a Luigi knocks him off the stage. “Techie! Avenge me!!” he whines dramatically, flopping back against the cushions. “Luigi must die,” Techie agrees solemnly. He’s only lost one of his three lives so far, but the Jedhans they’re playing against are as good if not better than he is. It takes all of his concentration to get the Ness out of the picture with his Kirby while dancing out of Luigi’s range. Something warm and wet presses against his forehead for the briefest moment. Techie jumps, startled, staring up at Matt with wide eyes. “Did you just…?” “Sorry,” Matt says, going red. “You, uh. You just looked so cute, sitting there in…in my sweatpants, with, um, with your sticking tongue out and oh shit watch out !!” The redhead looks back at the screen in time to see the Luigi knock him off the stage. Still one life left. “Motherfucker,” he hisses, but with his health restored he easily brings the playing field to an even one-to-one left. With Matt hooting and hollering encouragement next to him he attacks relentlessly, chipping away at Luigi’s damage percentage, until finally a baseball bat appears and- “YES!” Matt yells when Techie smashes Luigi off screen for good, jumping up from the couch and dragging the smaller man with him to spin him around in a circle around the room. Techie squeaks, laughing while he scrambles his arms around Matt’s shoulders to hold on, and his foot smacks against the coffee table hard with their spinning but he really, really doesn’t care and then Matt dips him backwards like they’re dancing and kisses him . It’s- it’s everything Techie wanted the first kiss to be, warm and sweet and soft and breathless, strong arms keeping him safe from gravity and broad, firm shoulders underneath his hands. Matt pulls back slowly, looking down into Techie’s glittering blue eyes. “Sorry,” he grins crookedly, “I, uh. Was gonna ask for a do-over. Guess I just…did it anyway.” Techie kisses him again. *