Being a solo entity is still something Finn is getting used to. Every now and again he snaps back into himself in the mess hall of the resistance base he and Poe have settled on and half expects to be surrounded by stormtroopers. Shining white gear and blasters attached to their hips. Finn still has moments where he looks around and expects to see Hux, Phasma or Ren. He still expects to be as scared and drenched in the fear that he's always known. He expects to be given the grueling training schedule and he expects to be looked at funny for defecting from the First Order. Well, that does happen. People do look at him funny. Like he doesn't belong, sometimes. He guesses he doesn't. Belong anywhere , really. With the resistance least of all, probably. Even with his own family, wherever they are. He wonders if they remember him. If they miss him? Still think about him? If his mother felt his absence as profoundly as he feels hers? That thought depresses him, so he doesn't visit it often. When he wakes up from his medically induced coma he’s fine, more or less, though he wishes he could have seen Rey off. He’s proud of her. She’s going to train and he knows she’ll amount to something really great. She’s already great. And once he’s healed up and everything has wind down--for now--that’s when he starts having strange dreams. When he starts feeling the pulls of anxiety on his already fragile mood. The fact that he’s dropped everything he’s ever known and yeah , he’s helped save people, but what now? What is he? Who is he? Does he even know ? What does he want to do? What can he do? The First Order has stolen so much of his time and now he feels like he’s late on everything , and having to desperately play catch up with everyone else, who have been their own people for pretty much their whole lives. This is all so new to him. He doesn’t even know what his favorite food is. What kind of music he likes. Simple things. And he has no clue. It’s daunting. It makes him feel like he’s not ready. For anything . For life . Like he’ll never catch up with everyone else. And on one hand he’s angry because he didn’t have to end up like this. He’s only struggling because people felt like they could steal him and make him some sort of weapon in their arsenal. Like that was their right. And it's all culminated in Finn trying to figure out where he fits. ~ The nightmares are a mixture of voices and swirling colors that only serve to rob him of sleep and terrify him intensely. He doesn’t know what they’re from until he catches Captain Phasma’s voice among the chatter one night. And when he wakes up he’s exhausted and resigned because of course the First Order wouldn’t ever let him go. Not really. Not even in his dreams. ~ Poe is a constant fixture at his side as soon as he wakes up. And Finn is grateful because well, it’s Poe , and he’s sure the pilot has better things to do but he still sticks by Finn and spends his days with him, keeping Finn from feeling lonely. He misses Rey. So much. Their bond was formed fast and strong, and Rey sends him messages, talking about training and how much she misses him. She asks how Poe is, and how Leia is, and Finn keeps her updated on everything happening at the base. She asks how Finn’s doing, sounding firmly concerned when she insists that he take care of himself, and try to slow down and figure out what he wants to do. She tells him that he doesn't have to fight anymore. That he can go wherever he wants and become whoever he wants to be. He thinks she says this more out of a place of worrying for his safety now that she's gone than anything else. After all, now that she’s gone her concern for Finn’s well-being spikes, and she remembers how she was the only reason Kylo Ren didn’t manage to kill him in that forest, and dreads what could happen to him now that she’s gone. But then again, that’s just Rey , feeling like she’s responsible for everyone. Everyone from BB-8 when she saved the droid from scavengers to Finn, the guy who defected from the First Order that she saved on Jakku and in that forest. He tells her not to worry, that Poe is with him and he’ll be okay, really. And that what matters is that she’s doing okay, and that she’s well. That keeps him upright at least. Between that and Poe’s constant presence he can pretend that he’s stable for a while. Every morning Poe knocks on his door, usually sleepily mumbling something about coffee and noise keeping him up the night before, takes an equally sleepy Finn’s hand and leads him to the mess hall with BB-8 in tow. That’s the best part, when Poe takes his hand for the first time of the day. They chat and eat and Poe tells him stories (usually with extra commentary courtesy of BB-8), gives Finn lessons in droid, and shows Finn around the base, introducing him to people with a proud smile ( ‘this is Finn, he saved me from the First Order’ ). And Finn adores Poe and his easy, loving demeanor. How he takes Finn in and refuses to let him flounder just because he’s a bit lost and a more than a bit confused, currently. Poe never lets him feel out of place, no matter how much Finn’s brain is trying to convince him of that fact. ~ Poe's giving him sidelong glances of concern. Finn’s getting quiet lately. In the mess hall surrounded by their friends (though Finn would really just call them Poe’s friends, since he isn't sure he has any of his own other than Poe, BB-8 and Rey) Finn just pokes at his food, deep in thought and drowning out their laughs and chatter. All he can think is that he's exhausted , somehow, and wants to just lay down and sleep. For a long time. He isn't even hungry , and he hasn't had an appetite for a while, eating more out of obligation than anything else. That, and Poe always takes his hand and leads him to the mess hall three times a day. And when Poe takes his hand he'd honestly follow him anywhere and everywhere. Finn blinks down at his food, exhaling slowly. Everything feels slow. Dull. Tired. ~ The thing is, when it finally, really hits him--it hits him like a train. And maybe Finn’s brain was giving him warnings about the impending decline, but whether it was or wasn’t doesn’t matter because Finn finds himself steeped in it. It happens so fast . The next day he doesn't even leave his bed. It’s such a quick progression between one day being fine and then the next being steeped in sadness so thick that it wraps around him like a wool blanket, and that gives him something like emotional whiplash. And that completely drains him. He sleeps and wakes up and sleeps and wakes up and by the time 4pm rolls around his head hurts from the repeated waking and such, and Poe is there--moving around his room--obviously having been there for a while. Finn feels a spike of guilt as he tears open gummy eyelids and looks at him. His skin feels tacky and uncomfortable, and it feels like the room is too warm. He can’t move though. Finn wonders how long Poe’s been here, and then he flushes in embarrassment because Poe must think he's lazy, just sleeping all day like this. It's just that Finn couldn't get up and join life even if he wanted to. He's too tired and his brain won't cooperate with his efforts. He feels like molasses. Slow. Stagnant. Heavy. “Hey buddy.” Poe smiles, catching sight of Finn, awake and buried under his blankets, “Can I join you?” Finn nods without hesitation. “Thanks.” Poe says, “Scooch over.” Finn makes room for him, clumsily shuffling towards the wall. Poe ditches his boots and climbs in with him, instinct urging him to put an arm around the other man without thinking. Poe stills, suddenly nervous and about to apologize before the words get caught in his throat when Finn presses close to him, hands gripping at Poe’s sweater. “Thanks.” Finn mumbles. ~ Finn pokes at his food the next day as well, not knowing why he can’t bring himself to eat it. BB-8 asks him what’s wrong. Finn can’t tell him. He doesn’t know. ~ It’s a Wednesday when Poe starts to get really worried. Well, more worried. The thing is, no one would ever really call Poe Dameron ‘ emotionally observant ’, but he is. And he notices things. Probably a sensitivity he gets from his mother, if he’s honest with himself. But anyway, he noticed how, when Finn woke up--and the fight, for now, was over--Finn’s mannerisms changed. It’s like without an immediate goal, he started to wilt. Poe figured maybe Finn didn’t know where to go, what to do, how to live his life. The First Order was his everything (and just thinking about them brainwashing Finn and trying to make an innocent, sweet man a killer makes his blood boil ), his entire reason for being, and Finn--brave, gentle Finn--dropped a whole life that was all he knew , just because he wanted to do the right thing, and he didn’t want to hurt anybody. And now he’s suffering for it. Even if Poe doesn’t have all the details, he can see how Finn is struggling. He has eyes after all. That and, you know, a bone-deep adoration for the guy. He hasn’t known Finn for too long, but what they’ve done and been through together has forged a deep bond between the two of them. The point is that he notices it. The change. How he seems more worn down and tired. Less inclined to bother making new friends or speaking to anyone (sometimes even Poe, though that’s rare). How he’s eating less and less. How he’s sleeping more . And Poe is worried as hell. ~ It’s still that same Wednesday when Poe really decides he has to do something. “Okay so when that light is on that means--Finn, you listening?” Finn startles and looks at the pilot, sitting opposite him in the cockpit of one of the new resistance fighter jets. Then embarrassment flashes across his face. “Sorry.” Finn says, feeling oddly small, “I wasn't paying attention.” He finds that he expects punishment, of some sort, at times like this. In the First Order they would send him back to reconditioning. And in reconditioning there would be needles and-- But with the resistance, there must be...something similar--right?--and Finn has clearly just earned himself a trip there. How could he just zone out like that? He asked Poe to give him flying lessons, the least he could do is pay attention. The thought of more needles and retraining makes his skin crawl and nausea climb up his throat. Finn blinks, forcing the haze from his brain. Focus . “Don't be sorry, okay?” Poe says, smiling lightly at him. And that just makes Finn feel worse , strangely enough, that he's being so gracious about it. “I'll pay attention.” Finn sighs, “Sorry.” “Stop it.” Poe says, “You okay?” Finn would usually just wave him off, say yes and think nothing else about it, but this time, for some reason…he hesitates. And Poe just looks at him--eyes searching, yet soft--and grasps his hand and says, “C’mon, we're gonna go lay down.” It’s been a tradition of theirs, literally sleeping together, since Finn woke up to Poe at his side in the medbay--asleep--holding his hand and snoring softly. When Poe felt Finn’s movement his first reaction was to nearly hug the life out of him. And since that first night, when Finn found himself tangled with Poe in bed (due to their reluctance to let go of each other), he knew this was going to be a reoccurring thing. They both did, really. And it’s like the more anxious and overwhelmed Finn gets, the more often he ends up hand in hand with Poe, heading to one of their bedrooms. Poe opens the door and gently tugs a stunned Finn out of the aircraft before he leads him to his room, never once letting go of Finn's hand before turning on the light. He pulls Finn into bed with him, and Finn immediately curls up to him, face in Poe’s neck like he's seeking refuge there. This feels...right. One of the few things that feels right to Finn these days. “This okay?” Poe asks. Finn nods, curling in closer, hands fisted in Poe’s shirt. “I don't know what's wrong with me.” Finn forces himself to say after a moment--voice muffled in Poe’s neck--because this is exhausting and he can’t live like this... whatever this is, “I just...feel like everything is bad , somehow.” Poe is quiet for a moment, a hand stroking Finn’s back, trying to present his idea (one that's crossed his mind every now and again since Finn woke up all those weeks ago) in a way that won't startle him. How does Poe tell someone they think they have depression? How does a conversation like that even-- “I think it would be good for you to see someone.” Poe says softly, thumb rubbing along Finn’s neck, offering comfort. “Who?” Finn asks, voice dull and wooden in a way that makes Poe frown. “There's a doctor here. Sumzar. I think she can help.” “Why would I need a doctor? I’m not thinking of betraying the resistance.” Finn says, nestling himself closer to the pilot as Poe cringes at the alarm in his voice. Right. Finn doesn't have the best experiences with doctors. In the First Order the only reason to be sent to doctors is because you disobeyed and were going to be put down. Or prepping to be reconditioned. “No, no of course you're not! Jesus , Finn. That's not what I meant. It’s not--what did they used to do? Reconditioning ? It’s not that. The doctor...she's not...not like, that kind of doctor.” Poe rushes to explain, “You would just talk to her.” “Why?” That question makes Poe pause for a moment before he says, “Finn...you've been through a lot--” “No I haven't.” Finn says easily, almost waving him off, “You're a fighter pilot , you've probably seen more than I have--” “No, I don't mean... did more stuff, you just...you've been through a lot. And god knows what you're not telling me.” Poe says softly, “I think...talking about it, would help.” Finn thinks on that for a long moment before he decides that Poe probably knows best and Finn is sick of feeling like crap, really. He seems to have a very low tolerance for it. “Okay.” he says. They're both quiet for a moment. “Really?” Poe asks, voice laced in slight disbelief. “Yeah.” ~ He goes to see her on a Monday. Sumzar is a brown woman (and he guesses he's been given a human doctor since she's more fit to understand human issues), long curly hair and brown eyes that Finn can't but feel like see right through him. “I don't really understand what kind of doctor you are.” Finn confesses, sinking deeper into Poe’s coat. It still smells like him, and that makes him feel better. He feels like it's a stupid thought, but he feels like the room is too big. He feels small . She smiles, “No problem. I'm a kind of a...brain and feelings doctor.” Finn nods. Oh. That makes sense. Okay. “So, I'm pretty much here to make sure everyone feels okay inside.” she continues, “I'm here to listen to you, and help, if I can.” He doesn't know how she's supposed to help him, but he nods. “So, let's start with what brought you to me today.” she says, “What's going on, Finn?” He shifts in his seat. “I don't know, really.” Finn says, “I've been feeling weird lately.” “How so?” “I can't eat. I've been sleeping...all the time.” Finn says, “I feel anxious, I think.” “Why?” “...I think I feel like...they'll get me again.” “The First Order?” “Yeah.” he says, grimacing. “And why are you afraid you'll be taken again?” “They got me the first time.” Finn says, almost bitterly, “They probably could again if I'm not careful.” “And that scares you.” What kind of statement is that? Of course they do. All Finn can remember for a lot of it was terror. Confusion. Pain. “Well,” he nods, “ Yeah . They...they brainwashed me and they've stuck me in rigorous training since I was a kid . When I was barely five I was shoved into a metal room with other kids and they...they…” “What happened?” The words tumble out of him before he can even think about what he's saying and how he's never even remembered this before now. “They starved us. For days . Just because they wanted to know who was the most resilient. To weed out the weaker, ‘useless’ children.” he stammers, terror creeping under his skin, “They made us fight and kill each oth--” He stops, eyes wide and muscles tense, suddenly back in that place. Back to being a carefully blank child with blood on his hands-- He's never remembered that before. That's...that's a memory , definitely, but not one that he's ever remembered, or even faintly recalled. Not even once. It all just came tumbling out from where he's repressed it and pushed it deep, deep in the back of his fractured mind. And if he's just remembering this , what else has he repressed? What else has he done or endured that they made him forget ? That they scrubbed from his mind to make him the perfect soldier? “Finn?” He hears her voice, but he isn't there. At all. His mouth tastes like bile and the entire world has faded out, a gray backdrop to his confused thoughts running in circles. Suddenly he's a kid again. Small, scared and alone in a cold place where no one cares and only wants to use him for their own agendas. Where he's not a person. All he can hear is the sound of his own crying, small, childlike whimpers and sobs as children around him got so sick and-- Then he feels a weight on his hand, a smooth rock placed in his palm that gets even cooler the tighter he holds it. And he is holding it tight, gripping it actually. Crushing it, even. When he comes back it's gradual, light and sound sinking into his consciousness and pulling him back into the present. Back to therapy, back to the rock in his hand and Poe’s jacket around his shoulders. Back to the therapist telling him “You're here” and “It's okay”. He takes a breath, shaky and tasting like the metallic, stale air from that room-- “You okay?” Finn nods immediately. He's lying, and they both know it. He doesn't say anything else for the rest of the session, brain replaying the details of a memory just uncovered. ~ Finn almost does something he regrets (like kisses him) when he walks out of therapy, raw, shaking and burdened with repressed memories of a shattered childhood and sees Poe sitting in a chair not too far away, hands in his lap, looking somewhat anxious. Poe stayed. He waited for Finn. So he could be there for him when he got out. Finn’s breath catches in his throat. He can’t speak, and he holds Poe’s hand tight when the man approaches him, pulling Finn into an embrace. ~ Finn doesn’t say anything for the rest of the day, and Poe doesn’t push him. They just curl around each other, holding tight. ~ The fifth session is when Finn hits a snag he isn’t sure he can get past. Sumzar tells him that the repressed memories will most likely keep coming as he talks about them, and for some reason that's a bit too much too fast. He’s quiet the entire way back--though they still walk hand in hand--and only speaks when Poe’s door closes. Finn would opt not to say anything at all--if he wasn’t so over emotional and hysterical at the moment--but he's raw and vulnerable and feels like everything's falling apart, so the words, fear and panic bubble out of him and he starts to tremble, fresh memories and trauma wracking his resolve, tearing it apart bit by bit. “This is just making everything worse .” Finn says, voice wobbling slightly, “It's not helping .” Poe's heart nearly cracks. He takes him by the shoulders, trying to press comfort into as much of Finn as he can reach without outright smothering him or overwhelming him. “Hey, hey,” Poe soothes, “That's not true , sweetheart. Listen, you're doing great, okay? You're doing great and you just need to keep going. I know it's hard and I’m sorry--” “I can't do it.” Finn says, looking away, eyes red, “I can do a lot of things, just...not this. There’s something wrong with me--” “Finn, buddy--” Poe says, pressing close and pitching his voice low, eyes serious, “There is nothing wrong with--” “There is .” Finn says, sounding miserable and resigned, “I’m... defective no matter what! I couldn't even be a stormtrooper and I can't be a resistance--” “Finn!” Poe says, a touch desperate, though just as firm, “ No , nothing is wrong with you. You're just trying to figure it out. Like the rest of us. And that's fine.” He pulls Finn’s shaking body into a tight hug, trying to somehow convey how much he fucking believes in him through the gesture. Because he does. Finn is the guy who showed up and saved him, became a friend, savior and soulmate all in one and Poe will be damned if he lets him go on feeling like a piece of a puzzle that doesn't fit. “You fit.” Poe breathes, hugging Finn close as Finn shakes in his arms, sniffling, “You're here and you're important to me and you fit .” ~ They end up in Finn's bed again, Finn's head on the pilot's chest as Poe stares at the ceiling, replaying Finn's words in his head when he finally speaks again. “I keep expecting to be sent to reconditioning.” “ Jesus , Finn.” Poe says, eyes wide as he turns to look at the other man, “You don't--you know we don't….do that to people, right? That's not... okay .” Finn blinks at him, face carefully blank. “You know that right?” Poe asks, worried, “That people aren't just things to be...reprogrammed?” “I know that.” Finn says after too long. Poe nods, “Okay...good. No one's gonna hurt you.” The words ‘ they'd have to get through me first’ go unsaid, but they hang in the air. ~ It's during a therapy session on a Tuesday that he remembers how one of the generals, a long time ago, in the First Order bent to face-level with him and just plainly told him, “You are nothing.” Finn was six. He believed him. A part of him still does. Still believes he's defective, a problem more than a person. He just isn't sure why. He also remembers someone sticking their finger down his throat to make him throw up the extra portion he'd gotten from the kitchens when he was eight. It's a weird little fact to remember, but it comes up and Finn's stomach turns, suddenly remembering how much it hurt and how he just accepted it. Finn was a child that accepted that he didn't have a family, and never knew love. It was just...normal. His normal, anyway. Finn stutters out the details of his newly uncovered memories and the therapist nods as he tries to articulate what he's remembered. “You seem to have repressed a lot, Finn. Which is understandable.” She observes, and he bites his lip. “How do I make it stop?” he asks, genuinely. “Stop?” she asks, mildly confused, “Why would you ask that?” “Because I don't like remembering.” he tells her, looking at her like she should already know this. Isn't she a doctor? “It's not good stuff.” he clarifies, ” I don't want it in my head. How do I make sure I don't remember anymore?” She looks at him, brown eyes softening as she starts to understand. And then the apologetic look in her face doesn't help Finn's anxiety any. “Finn.” she says, “I'm sorry, but this is how you heal. You have to remember and deal with the memories. Not push them right back into the back of your head.” “What?” Finn cries, panicking, “No! No , look, that's not what I signed up for, okay? You have to fix me.” She smiles sadly at him, “Finn, you're not a machine that can just be repaired . Humans are complex and your trauma is extensive. This is how you heal. Talking through it, dealing with your emotions and abuse, and finding a way to move forward. Facing it.” For some reason that makes frustration bubble up in Finn's throat. “First, I wasn't abused. Second, that doesn't make any sense. Remembering isn't helping , it doesn't make me feel any better! It just makes me fall apart. What is talking through it supposed to do ?” “Why do you reject the notion that you were abused, Finn?” she asks, brows furrowing, “That made you defensive. Why?” He presses his fingers into the sleeve of Poe’s jacket, like that will ground him somehow. Make things not as awful as they seem to be, currently. “Stuff like that happens to innocent people.” he says slowly, after a moment, “I'm not innocent. I was with them, don't you get that? I was on the same team. With the First Order--” “You were a child , taken from your home and family and forced into all manner of things that--” “I should have known better. Found a way to get out sooner. I wasn't abused.” “On the contrary. You say you should have known better and yet you were a very young child raised by people who had no care for you as a person. They forced you to do things that hurt you, Finn. They did not care about you, or what all of that would do to your mind. And you implied there was physical and emotional trauma, not even counting what you've repressed--that’s abuse.” Finn fidgets in his seat, wanting to argue but not knowing what to say. “The fact that you subconsciously repressed and pushed memories away says enough.” she adds softly. Finn can't take it. He mumbles something that sounds like ‘no’, and gets up and leaves. ~ Poe finds him in his room, under the covers, curled up under blankets in Poe’s jacket, looking as small as he feels. He's getting used to that. Feeling small. Poe takes his hand. Finn relaxes. ~ The worst part, he thinks, is that he was a good stormtrooper. In training at least. Top marks, great with a blaster, obeyed and followed orders. That’s definitely the worst part. That he served for that long and was good at it. That Captain Phasma said other stormtroopers should follow his example. Be like him . It makes Finn's stomach turn. He feels like that makes it all even worse, somehow. That he would have been an excellent killer if he truly wanted to be. He's already a killer. He killed other children . As a child himself . He's thankful he doesn't remember too much of that, but the guilt and shame still sit on his chest, pressing down and slowly suffocating him. Soon he'll have no oxygen left. He doesn't think about how he's kind of looking forward to that. ~ Poe holds his hand. All the time. Finn appreciates it more than he can say. Something about Poe is grounding. How he tries to get Finn to participate in conversation when lately he's content to just sit there and stare into space, haunted. How he takes Finn's hand and tries to get him involved in training. How he tries to distract Finn with flying lessons. Speaking of training, as if Finn didn't have enough problems with himself already, he's kicking himself because he should be participating in training with other resistance fighters, but between Poe, therapy and his own bone-deep exhaustion he can't quite find the time. Or energy. He just wants to sleep. Preferably with Poe by his side, but if not, alone will do too, he guesses. Also, without the strict and rigorous training regimen he was subject to as a stormtrooper he's getting soft around the edges. He hates it. It's just more ammunition for that dark little voice inside his head that whispers that he's useless, that on top of it all he's getting soft and squishy . He starts crying too, once long lost, horror-laden memories start to surface more frequently. He has no idea where it comes from, but the tears rush up and he usually can't stop them. In the mess hall one day he excuses himself, running from Poe’s concerned questions as he bolts to somewhere quiet and alone with no chatter or laughing or-- He holds back sobs behind some aircraft he's never seen before, having fled to the hangers for the jets. Finn tries to even his breaths, tamper down the panic, fear and bone-crushing sadness that came out of nowhere so he can go back to pretending he's a functional human. He hiccups and sniffles, wiping his face and trying to breathe. He doesn't go back to the mess hall (and he feels guilty about that because he know Poe will worry, he just can't be around the others right now) and instead retreats to his room, tired limbs unlacing boots and crawling into bed. He doesn't bother turning on the light, and not too long after he's nestled into his blankets he hears a knock. A distinct knock. One he knows anywhere. Poe. The pilot sticks his head in, worry marring his features. Finn immediately feels guilty. Poe shouldn't have to worry about him. Finn should be able to look out for his own emotional well-being, like an adult . Like a normal person. “Hey, buddy. What's going on?” Poe’s voice is soft in the dark where Finn has buried himself in his bed, blinking slowly in the dark room as his mind empties and his limbs grow heavy. The seconds tick by agonizingly slowly and Finn can't move, or speak or even think-- Arms encircle him and Finn finds himself pressed close to the pilot, inhaling his scent and feeling Poe’s hands rubbing gently at his shoulders. Eventually Finn relaxes--muscles going lax--and Poe makes a happy sound at that. “I know you've been dealing with a lot.” Poe says eventually, voice quiet, “I'm...I'm sorry I can't help more.” Finn aches to tell him that it's not his fault. That he's not to blame because Finn has something wrong with him. That he shouldn't feel bad. That Poe should never feel bad. Finn can't find the strength to say anything. And he hates himself a little more for that. ~ “I should be able to take care of myself.” Finn mumbles the next morning, looking at his hands. Poe is clearly having none of that, as he pulls on his shirt that he eventually took off and tossed to the floor last night. “You do take care of yourself.” he says easily. “You know what I mean.” “Buddy--” “You shouldn't be worrying about me.” “Well I'm going to anyway, if that helps you feel better.” It doesn't. Finn just looks at him, takes in the curls of his hair, his chest and his eyes. His shoulders… Finn looks away. Not knowing what to say. “Listen, you got people looking out for you.” Poe says, “And that includes me. And looking out for people includes worrying about them. And that's okay.” Finn sighs. What is wrong with him? Why can't he just...be happy? He's away from the First Order and he has friends. He's his own person. So what the hell is wrong? ~ On a Wednesday, on his way to therapy with Poe’s hand in his, he ends up face to face with General Leia Organa. She wears her usual attire, though he hair is different. Finn usually keeps his head down when he walks through the base, but he ends up catching her eye and she gets their attention, drawing them to a stop. “Finn,” she smiles, “It's been awhile, where have you been? Hello Poe.” He would say ‘therapy’ or ‘being a wreck in my room on base’ but he knows that won’t go over well and he's one second from panicking. “He's been with me.” Poe smiles, squeezing his hand, “We've been staying under the radar after...everything.” “Ah.” she says, and her smile goes faintly mischievous as her eyes dart down to their intertwined hands and then back to their faces, “I think I understand.” Poe goes almost completely red. “How're the repairs for the TIE fighter coming?” she asks. Finn is confused for a moment before he remembers. Right. One of the First Order ships they acquired. “They're coming along. Slow, but they are.” Poe answers, looking proud of himself. “And how have you been doing, Finn?” she asks, looking to him. Finn tenses. What does he tell her? That he's having some problems adjusting? That he’s questioning his entire existence since the only thing he’s been trained to do and been living for has been proven to be an evil, terrible lie to the point of him ditching it and leaving everything he knew behind in favor of an uncertain future? Where he’s a lone entity? People already look at him funny because he's a former stormtrooper, how much more if they knew he was freaking out all the time? They might make him leave. Finn doesn’t want to leave. The resistance base is full of good people, he needs to be here. “Uhm, just...around.” he says, cringing. The general raises an eyebrow, looking quietly amused. And that's when Finn's rambling starts. “I...I know I haven't been doing much around here--” he stammers, face flushing, “And I'm...I'm just, using up supplies and--and--” The woman’s expression goes through several different emotions that Finn can’t manage to read before he's being interrupted. “No. No. Stop. You've done so much for us, Finn.” Leia says, “You've risked your life. Gave us invaluable information about the First Order. You're welcome to stay as long as you like, whether you can find it in yourself to rejoin the fight or not. There will always be a place for you here. I just wanted to know how you were settling in.” She hugs him. He melts into her arms, grateful for the embrace. And her words. His heart could burst. Or he could cry. Thankfully for his own shaky pride he does neither. ~ After that general Leia seems to make a point to find Finn and ask how he's doing. He can see the calculating look in her eyes because he's sure he looks a mess, but he really does appreciate her constant reaching out. Therapy gets tougher, more things rising to the surface of his mind as he reluctantly digs, feebly hoping that after it all he'll be better--stronger--for it. He panics when she so much as suggests medication, mind flashing back to reconditioning and the injections given there. She drops the subject and he apologizes for losing it before he's explicitly told to never be sorry for being afraid, and that they'll never do anything to hurt him. He's never been told that before. One session he just talks about Poe for the entire sixty minutes, clutching at his jacket and tripping over words every now and again, smiling slightly as he talks about the person who's beside him throughout everything. Always there with a smile and a joke and a hand for Finn to hold. ~ “I remembered something else.” Finn says, half hoping she doesn't ask despite the fact that he himself brought it up. “What?” Finn cringes. “I was afraid of the dark, when I was a kid.” he says, “And when I started remembering my mom they locked me in a room until I could be wiped again. Told me I was rubbing off on the other kids, and they couldn't have that.” Finn fidgets. He remembers that, but he can't recall what he remembered about his mother , which is frustrating because that's something he really wants to remember. But of course his brain doesn't recall that . “Punishment, I presume?” she asks. He nods, and words come tumbling out of him before he can even think. “There were no windows.” he tells her, “No light at all. I panicked and passed out.” then he laughs, a watery sound, “I think what I wanted most was a hug. Didn't get it though.” Of course. ~ Leia tells him to report to the medbay doctor for a follow-up examination and to update his medical files and information for his next checkup. Finn isn't surprised that she insists on this, he got hurt pretty bad, and Kylo Ren was ruthless. He was in a coma, so when she corners him and isn't happy to know he hasn't had a checkup since he left the medbay when he woke up, he goes with minimal fuss. He's healed up pretty well, but may still need medical attention, and he answers the questions the doctor's assistant has for him until he gets to one he genuinely doesn't have an answer for. The man holds the file, looking at Finn in question as the man freezes, Poe at his side. “Last name?” he asks again, looking at Finn expectantly. Finn stammers and begins to try to explain that he's just escaped a regime where he wasn't ever given one-- “Dameron.” Poe says, looking at the man evenly. Finn's mouth snaps shut. “Okay, Finn Dameron.” the man says politely, filling out the blank space next to his name on the file tablet, “The doctor will see you in a moment.” Finn nods, still stunned as Poe takes his hand, gently leading him away until he's called to be looked at. Finn Dameron. Dameron. “I hope that was okay.” Poe says once they've walked away a bit, “I...sorry if I overstepped or something--” Finn looks at him and shakes his head, a small smile gracing his face, “No, you didn't. Thank you.” And he sounds so touched and genuinely moved that Poe finds himself going a bit red. “No problem.” he says, squeezing Finn's hand. Finn holds Poe’s hand throughout the entire examination. Turns out he's healing fine. ~ Poe has a mission. Not very dangerous, but it’s still enough to make Finn a bit anxious when the pilot tells him. He’ll worry for him and he’ll miss him and-- “Hey.” Poe says, eyes steadily trained on Finn when they lay facing each other that night, tangled together, “I’m going to be alright. And I’m going to be back.” Finn learns that having people to care about means having people to worry about and one is hardly ever seen without the other. Love and worry. They’re tough lessons to learn, but Finn thinks they’re worth it. Poe is due to depart the next morning and Finn finds himself innocently pressing his lips to Poe’s cheek in a kiss right before he leaves (and he doesn’t fully know why, it just feels like the right thing to do), wrapping his arms around the pilot’s shoulders in a hug. Then Poe is almost immediately swept away in a small crowd of rebel pilots, stunned and looking back at Finn in want and longing. Finn’s never kissed him before. Poe carries that small gesture with him, feeling that faint press of lips on his cheek as he takes off. He vows to himself to make it back. Someone is waiting for him here. ~ While Poe is gone Finn insists on making himself useful. He reports to Leia and she has him map out every one of the First Order’s ships that he’s been on and remembers, and he asks one of Poe’s friends--Jessika--for some beginner flying lessons since she’s grounded due to a hand injury. She beams when Finn asks, and he gets the feeling that she’s been bored. BB-8 is a constant presence at his side, beeping at him every now and again in tones Finn can finally understand. He’s picking up droid pretty quickly. He goes to training when he has the energy and the will, and he comes back sweaty but feeling accomplished, the slight burn in his muscles pushing him forward. It feels good. Finn attends therapy and they talk about medication, this time in pills and not injections, though pills would have to be tweaked along with dosages and such. It’s more trouble than the injections, but Finn tells her he’ll think about it, and by their next session, he has. He decides to try it. At worst he’ll feel a bit off, and at best he’ll be just further along the track of being better, and that’s what he keeps his mind on. Better. He tells her this and she smiles at him, tells him he’s making progress and informs him of how many times he’s supposed to take the meds and when. BB-8 beeps and makes a note of everything the therapist says, and the next morning nags Finn until he gets out of bed and takes them. “So you’re my alarm, huh?” he asks, looking down at the droid as he washes them down with water, “Gonna remind me every day?” BB-8 beeps an affirmative. Finn gives the droid and exasperated but fond look. ~ “I had a birthmark on my arm.” Finn says to the therapist, brows furrowing, “My wrist. They burned it off and put regen-skin over it so it looks like it was never there.” It’s a weird little tidbit he’s just remembered from childhood, but he still finds it interesting. That the First Order was so adamant about their soldiers having no individuality that they went so far as to burn off any unique marks. But for one mark that was stolen from him he gained another in the scar Kylo Ren gave him. One mark lost, another gained. ~ Poe has been gone for three days when Finn wakes to Rey standing over him, a wide smile on her face and her hair (a bit longer now) hanging over him, tickling his cheek. She wearing a variation of the same outfit as when they met, though she has a lightsaber on her hip now, but she still looks like Rey . His Rey. He lays there looking up at her for a long moment, trying to decide whether or not this is a dream--while watching her expression grow more and more amused as time stretches on--before he breathes, “Rey?” She laughs. And somehow that’s what solidifies the fact that this is real. That she’s here. Finn launches himself towards her and wraps his arms around her, relief and happiness almost knocking the breath out of him. “Rey!” “Finn!” she laughs, eyes crinkling as she hugs him back even harder. “What are you doing here? Why didn’t you tell me you were coming I would have--” “It was last minute.” she says, reluctantly letting Finn pull away to examine her. “You have your own lightsaber? How’d you get that scar on your arm? Are you okay, who did it? What’s Luke Skywalker like? How--” “You started pilot’s training, right? How’s your back? You look like you’ve lost weight have you been eating? What--” They talk over each other, rambling at once and not hearing the other’s questions until they both burst into giggles and hug each other close once again. ~ “Poe asked me to come.” she says, taking a bite of bread (and it’s a weird thing, but he finds how Rey eats incredibly endearing. How she hunches over her food and takes almost comically huge bites. Finn eats like a bird, lately), “He’s on a mission and wanted you to have some company. I was going to come see you anyway, but this just gave me a more exact time.” “You guys didn’t have to do that. I’m okay. I can take care of myself.” Finn says, and sure he’s a bit defensive, but he knows they mean nothing by it. After all, he worries about them too. “We know that.” she says, patting his hand, “We care about you, we’re going to worry no matter what.” She seems so happy, training with Skywalker. She looks like she's found where she belongs. Her purpose. It makes Finn smile, that glint in her eyes. Finn manages a small smile before it falls, “What happened to your arm? That scar? How did you get it? Did someone--” “No,” she grins, “I attempted something that was a little...complicated for my current skill level. Lightsabers hurt .” “Yeah, I know.” he grins, remembering his own scar. “How are you healing by the way?” she asks, moving his shirt enough to see his shoulder, protectively examining the scar. He shrugs, “Fine. It took a lot but I think I’m all healed.” She nods, eyes serious, “Good.” The look on her face makes him even feel sorry for Kylo Ren when Rey gets a hold of him again. “He gave me his last name. Poe.” Finn tells her in their corner of the mess hall, “For my medical files.” “Finn Dameron, huh?” she says, eyebrows raised as she fixes his shirt back, “It suits you.” Finn’s face immediately goes hot. He hopes she doesn’t notice but of course she does. Just Finn’s luck, really. “So, you two...” she starts, trailing off. “Huh?” She looks at him knowingly, “What’s going on?” “What do you mean?” “I mean that Leia told me she saw you kiss Poe before he left. You two are always holding hands and practically share rooms now.” Finn blushes, a faint red tint under brown skin, “That’s just... us . How we are.” Rey’s eyes go narrow as she grins and pops another piece of bread in her mouth, chewing, “Right.” ~ Rey stays in his room and lies next to him that night, like Poe’s done so many times before. She had an option of getting her own room, but she seemed reluctant to leave Finn and lit up when he offered his own space. Finn prefers it like this, honestly. They’re face to face, more space between them than there usually is between Finn and Poe, but they’re still close, looking at each other in the dim light. “I missed you.” Finn mumbles. “I missed you too.” she tells him. They both quiet for a moment, just enjoying each other's company after so long. “I told Master Luke about how you used the lightsaber.” she eventually says, quietly in the dark, “He thinks...he thinks you should train too.” Finn blinks at her in the dim light, “ What ?” “I know I told you you don’t have to fight, but I told him about you being force-sensitive--” “I don’t think I’m force-sensitive, Rey.” Finn says, “I just...it’s a coincidence.” “What? That you used the lightsaber without ever having touched one before?” she asks, “That you heard the screams of a planet dying when the First Order attacked? You pointed out the Millenium Falcon even before we ended up having to use it. That’s more than coincidence , Finn.” He’s quiet, not knowing what to say. Having to attribute ‘force-sensitive’ to himself feels like too much too soon. “He has someone to train you. His name is Rook.” she says after a moment of silence, “He defected from the Empire. Everyone thought he died, but...” Finn thinks that name sounds familiar. Rook . Where does he know that name? Rey takes his hand, “You don’t need to have an answer right now. Just...think about it?” Finn nods. He will. He falls asleep to her smile. ~ The next day he spends the entire day in the training rooms with Rey. She hands him her lightsaber, giving him a knowing look when he grasps the handle, activates it and swings on one of the practice dummies. Finn effectively slices the dummy in half with one blow, almost effortlessly. He turns to see Rey giving him a pointed look. “ Could just be a coincidence, though.” she says, sarcastically. ~ The day Poe comes back is when Luke has requested that Rey return to him to continue her training. And it feels like he’s trading one person for another, though it isn’t his fault. He just wishes they could all be together, really. That Poe and Rey could get to know each other better. They’re the best people Finn has ever known. But Rey hugs him about a million times before she’s due to depart, and Poe lands at almost the same time, hopping down from the cockpit as his eyes take in the picture Finn makes, hugging Rey tight with BB-8 rolling around them both, beeping. “Think about it?” she asks, eyes soft and smile sad. Poe throws his helmet back into the cockpit and makes his way toward them. Finn nods, not letting go of her hands, “I will. I promise.” She presses a kiss to his cheek, hugs him tight, pressing all her care into him, she shakes Poe’s hand once he comes to stand by Finn’s side and then she’s gone. Finn stares after her, feeling a slight tug of longing for his friend before Poe’s hand slips in his and he turns to see that smile. He’ll be okay. ~ As soon as Finn gets a good enough look at Poe he drags the pilot to the medbay. He has a gash on his forehead about the size of a nickel, and Finn refuses to let the other man talk his way out of getting it looked at. He sits with Poe as he gets it cleaned and stitched, hand in his the entire time as he tells Finn about what happened. Finn has moments every now and again where he realizes that this is what Poe loves to do. What he’s meant to do. His eyes light up when he talks about how the mission went, how it was another win for the resistance. Finn has the urge to kiss him again. It’s only because the doctor walks in that he doesn’t. ~ He tells the therapist about what Rey said. “That scares you.” she says, observing his face from her seat. Fin fidgets, biting his lip. “It’s a coincidence.” he says. “It doesn’t sound like one.” she says. “But it is.” “It could be that you’re afraid of greatness, Finn.” she says, “You harbor enough feelings about yourself based on the fact that you were taken by the First Order, and now that you’re being presented with facts that say you’re special and different, you reject them because you were in an environment where you were treated as the same as everyone else for so long.” Finn shakes his head, “I wasn’t ever really one of them, though.” he tells her, “I was always different. That’s not new.” “And yet you act as if it is.” she says smartly. Finn doesn’t know what to say to that. ~ The thing is, overall, Finn is starting to feel better. He still has the dark moments of course, and the memories are still resurfacing, but he’s keeping busy and functioning. He’s started to understand the fact that he had nothing to do with what they did to him. That he was a child and had no power in the situation. That he makes his own purpose now, and that he’s not so much scarily drifting through space as a lone entity with no anchor but more so looking to the paths ahead of him and deciding where he wants to go. Making those decisions for himself. He still doubts it every now and again, but not nearly as much as he used to. It feels good , to get better bit by bit. It even feels good to work through it all. To make breakthroughs in therapy and feel how he changes. To accept help and see how it actually does indeed help. He can leave his sessions and feels like he’s unburdened himself a little bit more each time. How he cries and heals and that’s okay . It’s all okay. Not all the time, but overall, it definitely is. ~ It's a Saturday when someone mumbles something behind Finn's back in the mess hall and Finn turns around only to find an enraged Poe pulling his clenched fist back and punching the guy in the nose. Which is exactly the opposite of what Finn wants him doing because Poe just got back from a mission and needs to rest up. Finn isn't even sure what the guy even said, but now Poe is nursing a swollen bloody lip and bruised cheekbone and Finn finds himself knocking the guy right on his ass (because Finn can defend himself and his friends, and he will ) for hitting the pilot before taking Poe’s hand and pulling him back to his room. “I'm fine.” he protests as Finn sits next to him on the bed and frantically examines his face, “Finn, I'm fine , buddy. I swear.” The skin isn't busted too badly, and the best thing to do is probably leave it. Or put ice on it. Finn gets him an ice pack and holds it on his cheekbone, sighing. “I didn't even hear what he said.” Finn says, “You didn't have to--” “Don't start that.” Poe grumbles. Finn blinks at him, “Start what? You didn't have to do that for me.” “Of course I did. You didn't hear what he said. I did. He deserved it.” “And now your face is--” “And it was worth it.” Poe argues. Finn narrows his eyes at him, “So every time someone says something about me you're going to fight them?” Poe looks him right in the eye, “Yep.” “That’s ridiculous.” Poe shrugs, “Worse things could happen.” Finn sighs again, wiping the trickle of blood from Poe’s face. “You should be more careful, your stitches could have been ripped out.” Finn says, “Whatever he said--” “ No . Because I love you, and I won't let someone attack you like that.” Poe says, like it’s the most obvious thing in the world, “Not gonna happen, Finn.” Finn sits there, frozen as his brain tries to catch up with what the hell is going on. And then he can only think of one thing. “You love me?” he asks, voice fragile yet full of hopeful warmth. He’s not surprised at all, Poe shows Finn that he loves him all the time, it’s that hearing it is…nice. More than nice. Poe rubs a hand down his face--and winces when he nudges the bruised part--before he gathers the courage to say his next words. “Course I do.” Poe says, looking nervous but sure before he rushes to add, “You don't have to say it back --” “I love you too.” Finn blurts out. Poe looks taken aback, but his smile is bright. It makes Finn smile too. “Really?” Finn nods, feeling fragile and breathless in the best way, “Yeah.” ~ “I think...” Finn starts that night as they’re laying in their usual fashion, waiting to drift off to sleep wrapped around each other, “..that we should just ask for one room. A bigger one. For both of us.” Poe smiles softly at him in the dark, surprised but really pleased, “I’d really like that.” then he scrambles to add, ”I mean...it makes sense . You know, resource-wise.” “Yeah, we’re always together anyway.” Finn agrees, “So uh, yeah...it makes sense.” “I mean, why waste two rooms when we could have the one?” Poe adds. “Yeah, definitely.” And that’s that. ~ The room is perfect. It’s accessible for BB-8 and the bed is bigger (though they’re both sure that they’ll still sleep at wrapped around each other as they always do), and Finn has his things packed in about an hour, ready to move so the next resistance fighter can get what used to be his single room. A lot of his things are clothes, things Rey has sent him and BB-8 and Poe have given him. Then the lightsaber Rey sent gifted him with. The package came about two weeks ago, a silent reminder of what Finn can have if he truly wants it. It still requires a lot of thinking about, though. ‘For risking it all.’ she’d written on the strip of paper wrappe around the lightsaber's handle. (He hasn’t used it, not even in training. Something holds him back, like him using the lightsaber will solidify something that he isn’t even sure he wants to be set in stone). Finn ends up at the room first, boxes in hand and BB-8 at his heels as he pushes open the door. Poe arrives not too long after, a few more boxes than Finn and they unpack, seated on the ground, shoulder-to-shoulder as they laugh and talk and send each other shy glances. BB-8 rolls around the room, beeping happily. ~ Not too much changes. It’s just that now it’s both BB-8 and Poe reminding Finn to take his meds, and Finn fusses over Poe’s stitches and makes sure he’s not fighting anyone else during the rare times they’re separated. Little things change. Poe brushes his teeth while Finn takes a sonic shower. Poe repairs BB-8 while Finn makes the bed. Finn wakes Poe from nightmares and Poe soothes Finn through spikes in his anxiety that leave him gasping for air, his hands fisted in Poe’s shirt as the other man holds him. BB-8 wakes them both up when they’ve slept for too long (or when the droid gets bored) and Finn keeps up with Poe’s doctor’s appointments. Poe does the laundry and Finn changes the pilot’s bandages. It’s domestic and calm, and it’s so, so good. ~ Poe walks into their newly shared room and finds BB-8 playing some song he’s never heard before, happily rolling along and beeping, clearly enjoying the music. But the droid--while adorable--isn’t what captures his attention. It’s the man smiling and dancing with the droid, looking so entirely carefree and content . That smile . The pilot stands frozen, looking at Finn, taking in every single movement and gesture as Finn bounces around with the happily beeping droid and sings along to lyrics Poe’s never heard. Finn spots him before long--Poe shamelessly staring at Finn like he hung the moon in the sky--and stops, smile still on his face, though smaller and a bit more embarrassed. BB-8 doesn’t acknowledge Poe, instead nudging Finn to continue the dance party. Poe marches right up to him and kisses him deep and sweet, and Finn honest-to-god fucking giggles as soon as their lips part. Poe’s heart melts. ~ That one kiss opens the floodgates to many more over the course of the next few days,both of them stealing kisses (some shy, some bold and deep) from each other whenever possible, no matter who’s there or who sees. They just crave each other. They don’t have to talk about what this means, they already know. And their hands wander one night not too long after, lips pressed together and breaths mingling as their hands roam and feel each other as Finn is pushed on his back onto soft pillows, kissed breathless with Poe on top of him. And Finn feels like his skin has gone molten hot, brain just repeating Poe’s name as Finn moans at his touch, needing more of those sensations that are so incredibly new. He doesn’t know what he wants, but he knows it’s whatever Poe is doing right now. He needs more . It’s slow, soft and sweet and Poe asks him if he’s okay the entire time and Finn eagerly nods because yes yes he’s fine he just needs Poe to keep doing that pleasepleaseplease-- Finn shakes through his first orgasm, Poe filling him and kissing him and making him feel things he’s never even knew he wanted before. “We...should definitely do that again. A lot .” Finn breathes, eyes wide and blinking up at the ceiling when Poe has rolled off of him, plopping down to lay beside him. Poe barely has enough breath left in him from the hardest orgasm of his life to laugh and agree, but he manages anyway. ~ He and Poe sit in a water bath, front to front with their legs tangled and Finn's head on Poe’s shoulder as the pilot skims fingers down his back. They're both quiet, Poe thinking about Finn and Finn thinking about...something. Probably about how long it's been since he bathed in actual water and not a sonic shower. It should feel...different, being naked in a bath with Poe, but other than the slight insecurity about his body Finn doesn't feel very awkward. It's Poe , and Poe is like...an extension of himself. Like he's always there. A lot of things with Poe feel so natural. If anything, Finn feels...safe? Content? Peaceful? All things that don't come easy these days. The water is warm, and smells like something sweet that he can't identify, and the tension seeps out of his own muscles as they do Poe’s (he's so close to the other man that he can tell) and Finn feels like this is...good. Things are really good. And they’ll always get better. Notes: the title is from the song low tide by xy&o anyway i don't know too much about the star wars universe so if i got something wrong please tell me so i can correct it!!! i didnt want finn to ever seem helpless, but instead am trying to emphasize how much he means to everyone he meets, and how loved he is. platonically to rey, and romantically to poe. i didnt get as deep into finn's mental state as I wanted to but thats what new fics are for i suppose. this might be a series, i dont know. the point is idk what the fuck this is or how good it is but here i suppose i'm sorry anyway, commenting means a lot to your local artists :)))) my tumblr is here and my writing tumblr is here