Chapter 1: Crown of petals It started with a warm day on a planet with three moons. Ben solo was a small child then, not fully aware of his power just yet. His mother and father were having a small get together outside their home, his uncle Luke and his uncle Lando were visiting, chatting with his father as his mother allowed him to wander in their expansive yard. He was content with the day, they had all played cards together at lunch while his uncle Luke spoke of his success of his young padawans. Ben thought at the time it would be fun to be a Jedi like his uncle but he had no such desire to leave his home and his mother just yet. He was growing bored digging a hole with a stick, the lack of attention was getting to him, maybe he could convince Chewie to play for a little while- Ben's attention was caught by a rustling in the trees. The small thicket behind his home was forbidden territory for the young Solo unless accompanied, but everyone looked too preoccupied. Ben didn't step out of line often, he was going to ignore it until the rustling came back and his curiousity got the best of him. His mother's attention was on Luke so Ben took this time to make his getaway. A certain Wookie noticed the young Solo wandering away and made his way over to see what had him rushing off. “Grgaah?” Ben noticed he had company as he started on a path into the woods “There's something in here, I wanna see it.” “Grhnnah!” “Well maybe it won't be so dangerous if you come with me.” Chewie knew there was no way of stopping a Solo once they got their mind set on something, so he agreed, and the two were off to investigate. The light shone through the spaces in the trees, the further they went they began to hear more rustling and children's laughter. Ben felt nervous at the thought of other kids showing up, he never had many friends since his mother was a public dignitary and his father being a smuggler he never had a lot of time to make that sort of bond. He'd seen some of these kids before when his mother had taken him into town, he felt nervous as he and the wookie approached, seeing them play. The eight year old's eyes trailed to one of the smaller figures, they didn't seem to be having as much fun as the older children. He watched you call out to an older boy. “Jonas, I want to go home!” The boy who he suspected was your brother groaned in annoyance as he broke off from his friends. “(Y/n) you begged to come out with us.” “You told mom you were going to the fountains, I'm gonna tell, you know we're not supposed to play here!” The older kids snickered at your whining, Jonas blushed with embarrassment, this called for a little persuasion “Are you a baby (Y/n)?” You sniffed and shook your head “No, you're a big kid right?” You nodded “Well if you're a big kid and you wanna play with the big kids that means you can't whine and tell on us, got it?” “Okay..” “Okay, now why don't you go pick some of those flowers, you'd like that wouldn't you?” You nodded and Ben watched you wander away, he and Chewie were still out of sight, they both knew people shouldn't be here as this was private property but he wanted to try being social for once. Chewie thought Ben would flock to the older boys but Ben made a beeline towards you. You were busy picking flowers into a little bouquet, he wasn't sure how to start talking to you. “H-hi..” You squeaked in surprise as a boy appeared from the brush. You felt like you'd seen him before but you weren't quite sure, he looked a little older than you but not quite the same age as your brother. Usually you would have ran to Jonas, you tended to be afraid of new people, but something about this boy's expression said ‘I mean no harm’. “Hi..who are you?” He sat down and watched you begin weaving the flowers together before answering you. “I'm Ben, what are you doing with those millaflowers?” You smiled as you presented your unfinished work “I'm making a flower crown, I like to make them because my grammy taught me how.” He nodded as he watched you continue, your small fingers were clumsy but the crown was coming along nicely. “So why are you in the woods Ben?” “I could ask you the same thing.” You giggled and he couldn't help but smile at you. He knew Chewie was probably watching, his mother was likely beginning to notice their absence. He would've gotten up and headed home, but you were talking and he wasn't quite ready to leave yet. “My brother said he'd take me to the fountains, it's like this super pretty place with bunches of flowers and plants, I know there's a lot already but it's also got these water fountains.” You huffed “But he took me to the woods instead.” He felt bad that you'd been disappointed, you looked really excited talking about the place “I'm sorry you didn't get to go.” You smiled at him and his ears felt hot “You're nice Ben, the other older kids usually don't like to talk to me.” “Well that's I don't see why.” You blushed at that, as you finished your flower crown your brother noticed your new companion. “Hey kid! Who are you? (Y/n) get over here!” Your eyes widened in surprise, Ben didn't want you to go. “I'll see you later Ben...here! You can have this, I think it would look really pretty on you.” You placed the crown upon his head of dark curls and scurried away with your brother looking warily back at him. Ben's mother wasn't too happy with him for wandering off, there would be no dessert after dinner for him tonight, but he couldn't help but smile as he saw the wreath of flowers upon his head as his reflection caught in the window. A friend had given him these, and he hoped to see you again. Chapter 2 : Chapter: Searching in a maze of fountains Summary: Ben finds himself in a place you described and hopes to find you Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It was a few weeks after you and Bens encounter in the woods, his mother was going to lunch with a friend to discuss things he was unsure of. His crown of flowers had long died and dried, he was saddened by the loss, but as he realized where he and his mother were going it was soon forgotten. Your vague description materialized before him, tables were around full of people, flowers everywhere, and of course an abundance of fountains. His mother allowed him to explore, he instantly went on the hunt for you. In his eight year old mind Ben understood there had been a very slim chance of you being here, his search was fruitless, you had been nowhere to be seen, you were one of the few people he could see himself being friends with and he just couldn't find you again. He sat on the ledge of a green fountain, the water was semi clear, lily pads floated in the giant basin, he sighed disappointed with the day. “Ben?” His ears perked up immediately, hopeful he turned around to see you in front of him, a basket full of various flowers. “(Y/n).” “I didn't know you'd be here today!” You hopped up on the ledge next to him, your feet dangled as you sat, Ben chuckled, he'd always been an abnormally tall child so he did not have the same issue. “I searched all over for you, I just had a feeling you were here.” “Well lucky for you, I come here a lot.” He was lucky indeed, you two decided to walk around together. You told him the names of flowers he pointed out, you showed him your favorite fountains, you talked a bit more than him but he was okay with that, he'd always been more a listener, and he could listen to you for hours if you'd let him. Eventually the two of you ran into his mother. “Ben honey, i see you've made a friend!” Ben felt embarrassed holding your hand mixed with his mother's cooing, she always encouraged him to be social but he had always had a hard time with it, so of course she was excited to see him like this. You looked at his mother in awe, sometimes he almost forgot that she a princess known throughout the galaxy. Almost. She kneeled down to your level “It's lovely to meet you, and you are?” “I'm (Y/n)” That seemed to be all you could push out, she shook your little hand “Well (Y/n), I'm Leia organa, I'm Ben’s mother, thank you so much for spending time with him today.” You smiled and nodded shyly holding Ben's hand a little tighter. “(Y/n)?” You turned as your own mother approached with your brother in tow, he was covered in dirt which indicated he was likely in for a switching when you got home. Lies stood at full height greeting your mother, awe plain on her face as well. “(Y/n) is welcome to come to our home to see Ben anytime, he's always such a lone wolf this one it's nice to see he has a friend.” “Moooom” Ben’s ears burned with embarrassment as your mother chuckled. “I'm sure (Y/n) would love to, it was a pleasure meeting you Ms. Organa.” “Please, call me Leia and the pleasure is all mine.” You waved goodbye to Ben but not before slipping a Rominaria flower into his coat pocket, the powdery scent wafted into his nose as you rushed off once again. “We could invite them over for a play date, wouldn't that be fun?” Ben groaned when she said play date, he was almost nine now, he was outgrowing such childish terms “It's called hanging out mom.” Leia grinned and nodded as her son corrected her “Of course, my mistake." Notes: Y'all will be a bit older after these next few chapters bare with me lol Chapter 3 : Chapter: Boldness in Goodbye Summary: Things are changing in more ways than one You did come over, quite often over the years. Ben still didn't interact with many people, but you were different, he was just turning 13 and he still couldn't think of anyone he'd rather be friends with other than you. You on the other hand had become a social butterfly, older and younger kids alike would say hello and talk with you when you two walked into town. You'd always bring him along, most people questioned your choice of Ben Solo of all people for company. You'd think he'd be more popular being the son of Leia organa and Han Solo but this was not the case. He was tall and lanky, his dark hair kept long to cover his large ears. He was a very awkward boy and seemed to be the perfect target for teasing, but the town's kids knew better than to pick fun at Ben Solo. As he got older Ben developed some temper issues, mostly because he had many things that tormented him, things even you didn't know. Voices had whispered to him at all times since he was a child, he couldn't remember a time when they weren't there. He couldn't tell his mother, or you, or anyone for that matter, you'd all think he was crazy. On top of that his parents were slowly drifting apart, his mother was a lot more absent and his father was amongst the stars doing maker knows what. They thought he couldn't see it, but he was always the most susceptible to people's emotions. Holding in all of this pain caused him to have angry, sometimes even violent outbursts. After the first few fight that ended in bruises and blood knuckles, people learned to leave him be. He expected you to be afraid, everyone else was after a time, but you knew better. No matter how scary other people made him out to be, Ben would always be a soft hearted star gazer to you. You tried your hardest to sate Ben’s loneliness, his father still visited everyone once and awhile, his parents still loved each other you both could see it, but there was just too much driving them apart for them to stay together. Ben was sure he was part of it, Ben had known he was force sensitive since he was young, his mother knew before he was even born, but he never knew just how powerful he was. A few months ago he found out, in a fit of rage he destroyed the thicket behind his home,the trees were torn out by the roots, everything was just wrecked by the time he was done, you had witnessed it and it utterly terrified you seeing what he could do. You told him you'd stay by his side but they were sending him away to study the Jedi code with his uncle, you didn't want him to go and he didn't want to leave but he had no choice, that much power could not go untamed. There was going to be a going away party at the end of the month, but you were both too bitter to be excited. You snuck out to meet Ben, you two had a special spot between your two homes. The lake was so clear, you both just sat their with your feet wading in the water, there was a lump in your throat and Ben could tell you were miserable, he didn't need to be force sensitive to see that. Ben wasn't sure how to describe how he felt about you, things definitely felt different between the two of you but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. He just began to notice more things about you, like how your baby fat had fallen away from your face, you weren't as short as you used to be, definitely no giant like him but normal. He knew you both were growing up, and he was going to have to leave you to do it alone. “Ben..” you took his hand, never looking away from the water “I know, but I have to go even if we hate it.” That's when the tears started, you'd begun crying a lot more lately, he found himself tearing up as well, wishing he didn't cause you so much pain. “Please don't cry.. I don't want to remember you red eyed and snotty (Y/n).” You laughed mid sob as he wrapped his arms around you. “You're my best friend Ben Solo, I don't know what I'm going to do without you here.” He smiled and rubbed your back “You got more friends than you know what to do with, I think you'll figure it out.” “I could have all the friends in the galaxy and none of them could replace you Ben.” It was a cheesy notion but it still meant a lot to him because he knew you were being genuine. The party came and went, you stopped crying and faced the fact that Ben would be gone by the time you woke up the next morning. You snuck out in the early hours of the morning, you felt bad waking him up when he already had to be up early to begin with but you needed to say your final goodbyes. Even disheveled and groggy from sleep you still thought Ben was beautiful, you weren't sure when you started feeling this was towards him but things had definitely changed between you. “(Y/n) you know I have to be up and leave soon.” You gulped, still saddened by the thought “I know Ben but I wanted to to be absolutely alone when I say goodbye to you.” Luke has assured both of you that padawans were allowed to write and even visit home for holidays but it he would still be gone far too much for you. “I made you this, if you ever miss me or need to feel calm, this will symbolize me being by your side even if I cannot be.” You spent hours trying to make it, after many failed molds you'd finally made the perfect one. It was a simple leather rope with a resin pendant, inside lie a small faux millaflower. Ben smiled, even as you grew older and swore your obsession with them was over, you and flowers always went hand in hand in his mind. “Nice to see you staying consistent (Y/n).” You blushed and smiled, old habits die hard, the flower had meaning to you two, it was what you'd made your first flower crown for him out of, it brought a feeling of calmness to those around its fragrant scent, something Ben needed at times. He'd never had a favorite flower but you knew he liked receiving them from you, because he knew it mean he was in your thoughts. “Please tell me you'll write.” “As often as I can, but I'll be training to be a Jedi so who knows how often that will be.” “Promise you won't go off being best friends with some cooler Padawans?” “There could be some of the coolest padawans at that academy and none of them could compare to what we have (Y/n).” This hurt more than anything had in your short life, you'd miss Ben, his soft spokenness and reserve with of dark humor that could only be his own you've come to know and love would leave a void in your heart. “Goodbye (Y/n).” You swallowed the lump in your throat, the morning light was reaching across the sky and it gave you the courage to do something bold. You kissed Ben's cheek and took in the sight of his shocked face for what you knew would be the last time for a long time. “Goodbye Ben.” Notes: For chapter one I always thought of this picture for when they were playing cards http://lifesizejosuke.tumblr.com/post/147855517110/lando-teaching-this-6-year-old-how-to-play-cards