Lara had been on the Finalizer for three months and was still feeling out of step on the huge star ship. She kept getting lost on the way to the canteen and then getting lost again on the way back to the flight deck. She had been reprimanded three times already for unpunctual arrival at the morning meeting and this morning she was going to avoid this embarrassment. She was going to set off ten minutes early and hopefully would not get side tracked by the vast expanse of stars at officers lounge C. She must focus. It was just so hard at the moment. She wiped steam away from her mirror. Her worried face looked back at her and she felt like she was looking at a stranger with her grey first order uniform snug at her neck. Her one pip marking her out as fresh from the cadet academy. She smoothed her blond bob behind her ears and then reached for the blue contact lenses she favoured at the moment. Perhaps she would choose this colour permanently when they next had leave. She was told one could do it cheaply and safely on one of the core worlds. It looked nice but it seemed a bit dull when they were so many other options to choose from. She added dark kohl around her eyes, pink rouge to her cheeks and a dusky red colour to her lips. Her mother had always told her to be well turned out. Make the most of her appearance. She found herself repeating the words under her breath. “Always make the effort, never let it slip, make yourself perfection, it’s not a deception, what they see is what they get.” She smiled brightly at her reflection. She added her cap and pinned it in place with the bright little pins they had given her. She added her scent. Night blossom from Askam 4. She had been to the planet once when she had been a teenager and remembered swimming in cool pools with the smell of the blossom floating over the water. She shook her head for a moment. She must focus or she would be late again. She left her small quarters and started walking towards the command centre. She was hungry but she would wait for lunch. She had been eating too much again. She shook her head in disgust. Always thinking about food. At the academy she had been forced to exercise for hours every day now she was sitting for a lot of the day. And then there were the sweet Bascum cakes that she could get whenever she wanted them. She definitely felt slightly rounder than when she had come aboard. She had never expected to find herself on the command vessel so early in her career. The expectation had been that she would have another year of academy training focussing on a specialty, but then at the end of the second year things had changed. Her teachers had noticed her skills as a pilot and with hand to hand combat combined with her outstanding leadership tests they had chosen to fast track her to senior management. That meant getting experience here on the ship that held the top brass of the first order. She also suspected that the destruction of Star Killer base meant that she was having to fill the shoes of someone who had lost their life to the rebels. She didn’t know what to think of that. Was she safe here? Why couldn’t she just have ended up on one of the backwater bases? She felt like she wasn’t meant to be here. She shook her head disgusted with her own thoughts. She walked in to the command centre and kept her eyes on the grey walkway in front of her. “Ahh Junior Officer Lane, so glad you could join us on time this morning.” Hux was his usual observant self. She found herself going red as some of the other officers smirked. “Meeting room 77 in ten minutes please.” He looked at his data pad. “You are on sensors desk eight today.” He turned away from her as she saluted and said the obligatory. “Yes Sir.” Already looking for another target. That man loved pointing out other peoples inadequacies. Lara went to her allotted terminal and started checking the report that had been left by the previous shift. Nothing especially of note, although one sensor was reporting a fault. It wasn’t an external sensor so would not be of high priority but since nothing else was going on she would fill in a work order later on after the morning management meeting. Speaking of which. She got to her feet and walked down the corridor to meeting room 77. She was only the second person to enter but didn’t go and sit at the oval grey table. That was just for the top officers. She would wait quietly by the wall. Soon the room was filling and finally Hux came and took his place at the head of the table. There was one place left unfilled next to his chair. Hux looked at it with irritation. “Maddox, could you kindly go and enquire if Kylo Ren would be so good as to join us some time this morning.”Hux stabbed at his data pad while Maddox took a step forward looking like a man who had been given a death sentence. “No need.” His deep modulated voice carried through the room and then he walked in like a dark storm brewing. He pulled out the chair carelessly and sat, his posture strangely irreverent in comparison to the officers of the first order. Lara looked at him with interest and awe. He didn’t come to all the meetings and she had only seen him a handful of times before. He seemed to dwarf the other people in the room in a physical and non physical way. Lara would swear she could feel waves of frustration and aggression coming from him from feet away. The little hairs on the back of her arms started to stand on end and she found herself fidgeting. One bad tempered glance from Hux stopped her at once. Hux cleared his throat and then started. “I’ve gathered the officers together today because we have a new mission. We will be heading to an outer rim world called Yotan. Some aspects of the mission are need to know only but what I can tell you is that we will need to be gathering a type of ore from the planet. I will expect groups of officers to lead up teams to go to the planet surface. I will assign you your groups in the next few weeks.” He paused and frowned. “Kylo Ren will be in overall charge of the ore, it’s storage and movement so I expect you all to consult with him on these aspects of the mission.” He sniffed. It was obvious that he was annoyed that Kylo Ren was involved at all. He turned to the man in question “Do you have anything to say?” Kylo waited a few moments too long before he shook his head slightly. “Alright dismissed.” Hux got up and left before anybody else had moved. Kylo still sat at the table unmoving as officers gave him a wide berth on the way out of the room. Lara had heard rumours that he could read thoughts which was very alarming considering the strange ideas that sometimes floated through her mind. Which was why when she walked passed him she kept her thoughts centred on Bascum cakes. Sweet and delicious, the honey always seemed to drip down her chin and then she would have lick her sticky fingers clean. She moved out of the room and was then annoyed that she really did want some cake. Typical. After filling out the work order for the broken sensor she found herself moving towards the the officers mess and while she tried very hard to reach for fruit, in the end she was at her table in the corner with two sticky Bascum cakes and extra strong caff. She was starving and the cakes were amazing. She sighed happily. Moments later she was joined by Sam a slightly senior officer who worked the day shift with her. “Hows your morning going Laney?” He was blond with dimples and seemed to get a lot of female attention and some male. Reportedly he liked it all. “Peachy.” She smiled back. “I wasn’t late! I think I deserve some sort of prize.” Sam raised an eyebrow. “More cake?” “Ahh no more cake. I’m getting fat.” Sam guffawed. “You are not fat! You are getting nicely curvy. It’s the way I like my women.” His grin was very flirtatious and made her feel slightly hot. “And now I’m definitely getting you more cake.” He sauntered off to the serving machine with a wink. While he was at the machine Toni Ardot walked up to him. She only knew him vaguely as he was generally on the second shift while she was in the first. They both came back to the table with a small plate heaped with cakes. Lara giggled. “That is ridiculous!” She protested. “What? It’s a big occasion when Lara Lane is not late you know.” Sam grinned again and Lara could totally see why so many had not resisted his charms. “We will be kind and help you.” With that he picked up a dripping square of cake and popped it in his mouth without getting any honey anywhere. After he had swallowed he turned to the other man. “You’ve met Toni haven’t you?” She smiled as he reached across the table and took her hand for a moment. He was a large man with big meaty hands. He obviously worked out a great deal. “A pleasure. Your new to the ship aren’t you?” His voice was nice and low. “Been here three months. Just about finding my way round now. Just about.” She looked mock sad and then smiled. He smiled back. “We are having a little gathering on viewing deck three at twenty four hundred hours. It would be great if you came along for a bit. You would meet some of the people on the other shifts.” He looked at her intently but seemed kindly enough. Lara looked at Sam. “Are you going Sammy?” “You betcha Laney! There is a rather interesting brunet that I would just love to know a little better on shift two.” He grinned evilly. Although nothing looked too alarming on his dimpled face. The afternoon went without a hitch other than the sugar low that hit mid way. She found her eyes getting heavy and tried to focus on the report that had come in from one of the other ships in the vicinity. She must have dropped off for a moment because suddenly she was jumping with fright as Hux smashed a hand down on the panel beside her. “Junior Officer Lane!” “Yes Sir!” "My office. Five minutes." Lara nodded dejectedly. “I think I should be hearing something at this point Lane.” She could tell that Hux was enjoying himself. “Yes Sir.” Five minutes later Lara was stood outside the centre of Hux’s domain. Not that anything distinguished it from the rest of the ship. Hux was a pretty spartan fellow all things considered. Lara nibbled on the end of a pale pink fingernail. She idly thought she might have found him quite attractive if it wasn’t for the officiousness and the fact he took neat to all new levels of annoying. She wondered what he would look like with stubble. “Come.” Hux’s slightly nasal voice called out of his perpetually open door. As Lara entered she found Hux knee deep in plans and maps. He ran a hand through his hair in irritation and mussed it up slightly. Lara had to resist the temptation to smile at this small sign of humanity. "Generally I have been pleased with your progress Lane but you need keep your focus if you are going to get ahead in the First Order.” He looked up at her and she was surprised to see that he didn’t have is usually superior look on his face. “I like you and I think you are very capable…just turn up on time and get enough sleep. I swear half the time you seem to be walking round in a daze.” He leant back in his chair and she thought she detected the ghost of a smile. “Last week I’m sure you tripped over the same floor socket three times.” He paused. She had turned bright red. “Sorry Sir.” "I've had it moved." “What?” She looked at him in puzzlement. “The floor socket.” It was his turn to look just slightly embarrassed. “Thank you Sir.” She looked at the floor. “I have noticed that you have raised a work order for a faulty sensor on floor nineteen quadrant A. Chase that up tomorrow. It’s not been fixed.” She nodded at him and he raised an expectant eyebrow. After a beat she got the message. “Yes Sir.” “Dismissed.” She started to turn away “Oh and Lane?” “Yes Sir.” "On time please." She smiled at him. “Yes Sir.” Chapter 2 Notes: This was hard to write and may be hard to read for some. Please proceed with caution. Lara had been at the gathering at viewing deck three for a few hours when she met up with Toni again. He was leaning on a chair in the corner when she wondered over to say hello. She hadn’t drunk a lot but could feel a warmth to her cheeks. He smiled in welcome and stood. “You made it!” He moved forwards and gave her a peck on the cheek which was slightly unexpected but she rolled with it and grinned. “Wouldn’t miss it. Although I can’t stay long as if I’m late tomorrow Hux will probably do something evil to me.” She sipped the last of the orange drink in her beaker. “Ahh well we wouldn’t want that to happen would we? Let me get you another drink. I’ll be right back.” He walked away to a droid that was giving out drinks and Lara looked out at the expanse of the universe. It almost gave her vertigo to see a star scape without limits. “Laney – there you are!” Sam came over and threw an arm over her shoulder. “Are you star struck?” He pointed to the window. She sighed and looked up into his face. “I am a bit.” She decided that she really liked Sam. He was always so nice to her and despite the outrageous flirting never seemed to actually want anything from her except her smiles and company. “Where is this brunette then? I’m very curious.” She nudged him with her elbow. He looked a little bashful for a moment before he pointed to a medium sized compactly built man talking to a lady officer on the other side of the lounge. As they regarded him he glanced over and gave Sam a smile which was reciprocated. “He is lovely but it is hard to get any time with him when he has a different shift pattern.” She squeezed his middle slightly. “Well he is gorgeous and if you like him he must have a personality to match. I’m sure you will make it work.” He glanced at her fondly. “I hope so.” “Sammy are you stealing my girl?” Toni had returned with two drinks and placed one in Lara’s hand. Lara felt slightly annoyed at his presumption but decided to laugh it off. “Oh no this one is far too good for the likes of me…and you if we are being honest!” and with that Sam made a sharp exit before Toni could hit him. Toni looked after him with a strange expression on his face. “Bit of a joker that one. Could get him in trouble one of these days.” Lara looked at Toni but couldn’t think what to say. “Go on drink up. You liked the Bascum cakes well that is Bascum wine.” He looked at her as she took a couple of sips. She smiled as the sweetness rolled over her tongue and then there was the slightest fiery aftertaste. “Wow. I’ve never tasted anything like it.” She took another sip. “Where has this drink been all my life?” Toni smiled and stepped a little bit closer. “I’m really glad you like it.” He took a moment to glance down at her uniform. “So how you enjoying life on the Finalizer?” She took another sip of the delicious drink and pondered his question. “Not sure really. The people are nice but to be honest I’m slightly out of my depth. I keep getting lost and then I am late to meetings. I don’t know – maybe it will sort itself in a few weeks.” Tony rubbed her shoulder for a moment a look of concern on his face. “We all feel like that at first. You make some friends, get the lay of the land and then everything smooths out, you’ll see.” His hand had not moved from her arm and she stepped away slightly. Five minutes later when she looked out at the stars her world lurched. “How strong is that drink? Feeling a bit dizzy here,” Toni smiled at her. “It’s a little strong but nothing you can’t handle I’m sure.” Lara shook her head as she felt herself lurch to the side again and caught herself on a seat back. She took some breaths to try and centre herself but it didn’t seem to do her any good. She tried to say something to Toni but she couldn’t seem to form words. Toni stepped up to her and slipped an arm round her waist. He pulled her up so she was standing beside him flush against his body. She hadn’t noticed how big he was before. He looked down at her. “Maybe it was a little too strong then. Come on I’ll get you back to your room. Everything will be just fine.” Lara nodded gratefully at him as she realised she was losing coordination and her thoughts seemed to be too slow. He walked them away from the other revellers ducking out of a side door. The lack of noise was welcome. It was at the point that they had got to one of the first turbo lifts that Lara had an alarming moment of clarity. She had never told him where her quarters were and so he couldn’t be taking her to them. She tried to tell him but some garbled noises was all that she managed. Lara tried to pull away and slow him down but he just used his other arm to grip her harder. “Don’t you worry about a thing sweetheart. I’ll take the best of care of you.” It was something about the way he said it that sent panic flooding through her. She tried to pull away but everything was starting to get further and further away from her. She tried to shout but nothing came out but a moan. Heart beat loud in her head she saw darkness at the edge of her vision. She had one clear thought - that she mustn’t lose consciousness. She focussed on that. Keep breathing and not let the dark wash over her. Toni pushed her into the lift and the doors closed behind them. He immediately pressed her up against the wall. His left hand coming up to grasp at her breast painfully. “Fuck, I want your cunt so bad baby.” He ground his erection into her and she felt herself scream into the silence. She was caged in a nightmare. She tried to push at him with all her might and found some strength left but Tony just laughed. “You wanna fight?” He reached up and took a handful of her hair and pulled it painfully. “We can do all that stuff just as soon as we get back to my place honey.” He pushed his mouth painfully against hers and then pulled back. “I’m really going to take my time with you.” He took a deep breath, took a step back from her, before slapping her, hard. She fell sideways but didn’t have the coordination to stop herself from cracking her head against the side of the lift. Toni looked down at her for a few moments. His breathing was ragged. “Fucking beautiful.” There was a sensation of the lift slowing and then he was pulling her to her feet and supporting her into a dim corridor which seemed to go on for miles. Lara’s head ached from the bang to her skull and she could feel the warmth of blood slipping slowly down the side of her face. "Not too much further now.” He pulled her with urgency and Lara started to feel the futility of her situation. No one was coming and she was trapped with no escape. She felt hot tears making trails down her cheek. She once again tried to talk, to shout, to scream, but nothing she did made any difference. She was watching the grill of the walkway pass under her when she felt Toni stiffen beside her. She tried to raise her head to look but found she could only roll her head to the side and half see a figure approaching them. They were moving fast and in a few moments they would be gone and her only hope would be lost forever. He was almost passed them when she recognised who it was and hope flashed hot and frantic in her heart. She mentally started screaming for help over and over again. His black boots beat heavily behind them and Lara slumped. He had gone. He had left her. Toni straightened took a few steps forward as horror slipped slowly over Lara’s skull prickling uncomfortably down her arms and body. Then the thud of boots behind them stopped. There was a pause for a few moments. “What are you doing?” Kylo Ren’s voice was low but loud. Toni spun awkwardly with her in his arms. “My friend had a few too many and I’m taking her back to her quarters.” He sounded scared. Kylo took a slow step towards them and Lara could feel his anger like a cool breeze flowing over her skin. She wanted to drown in it. He slowly raised one hand and she heard Toni start to choke. He let go of her to grasp for his throat and then she was falling sideways. Except she wasn’t. She was being raised up into soft dark material. She smelt the cool air of a forest and snowflakes started to fall quietly all around her. Chapter 3 In his dream a child was sat in a tree throwing fruit at his head. It hit him with fat warm squelches while he desperately tried to release his lightsaber from his belt. The mechanism wouldn’t work and so he kept being pelted. The child was a little girl who had red ribbons in her hair, a white dress and white shiny shoes. She giggled and then stopped to take a bite of the fruit. He straightened and looked up at her. “Will you please stop throwing fruit at me.” Kylo pleaded. “It’s going everywhere.” “You should eat it.” The girl tossed another fruit at him and he caught it. “I don’t like fruit.” Kylo said to himself. It was a very big Felucian peach. Far too much to eat. It was very heavy. Kylo could hardly hold it up any longer. Kylo pitched forwards as the fruit started to pull him down while the world turned from bright to dark. He was falling from a great height above the Finalizer. Hurtling towards the hull of the ship. At the last moment he squeezed his eyes shut took a massive wrenching breath and sat up in bed. His heart was racing a staccato beat at his temple. Something was wrong but he wasn’t sure what. He started to open himself up to his surroundings but the wrongness increased to such an extent he couldn’t stay in bed a moment longer. He got up and tried to find the clothes that he tossed aside earlier in the evening. He got one leg of his trousers on, and part of the other, when his world lurched sideways and he fell off his bed tangled in his clothes. He threw a few curses to his empty room and managed to finally pull his trousers on and then to get a layer of his top on. He jammed his bare feet into a pair of boots threw his cowl on his shoulders and then picked up his helmet as he strode from his rooms. He was at one end of a corridor so there was only one way to go. He got to a turbo lift and then wondered what the fuck he was doing. He put his helmet on before anybody saw him. He almost turned back, but then he felt a sharp pain at the side of his head which almost brought him to his knees. The urgency of the situation magnified and he could hardly breath for fear. He was trapped. He threw himself at the lift and jabbed at the button on the outside a number of times before it smoothly opened and he stumbled inside. He shut his eyes as the world spun around him and then jabbed at a floor. He wasn’t sure which one but it was the right one. The lift seemed to move so slowly that Kylo punched at the wall in frustration and then fell back as pain bloomed brightly in his fist washing away some of his confusion. The pain helped. He punched the wall again. His hiss distorted through the voice modulator. When the doors slid open he was a walking wave of anger flowing down a corridor that seemed to extend for miles. He picked up pace hardly noticing a couple that were leant against each other in the passage. He was parallel with them when a cry for help sounded so loudly in his mind that it almost made him fall forwards onto his face. His momentum kept him moving for a few more heavy paces before he stopped abruptly and slowly turned. It was them. He focussed his thoughts and slowly her horror slid over him. His rage increased to a white hot noise in his head. “What are you doing?” He didn’t even listen to the pathetic response because he had picked up on the intent in the vile man’s mind even as he prevaricated. Kylo raised his hand and started to slowly crush the mans throat. The girl started to topple sideways and Kylo took a large stride forwards sweeping her up to hold her against his chest. He felt her sigh and then her mind slipped away into unconsciousness and the whirlwind of emotions that had been thrust upon him drifted away as well. Finally silence reigned in Kylo Ren’s mind. He stopped his death grip on the man who was a dark mound on the floor and looked at the girl in his arms. He didn’t recognise her but he could see she was one of the officers. A vague recollection of a pretty girl who was always thinking of cake made Kylo sigh heavily. He was undecided what to do with her. He didn’t know where her rooms were and he didn’t want explain the situation to the duty doctor although that probably was the sensible option. Then of course there was the man slumped at the side of the corridor. It was all very inconvenient. Kylo tried to get a better look at her face but it was fairly grey in the corridor and she had turned her face to his chest. After a few moments more Kylo took a decision and retraced his steps back to his quarters. Once there he went through to his bedroom and gently laid the girl on his bed. He took the time to remove her shoes and checked that her heart rate and breathing were even and then pulled black silky sheets up over her. He went to leave the room and looked back at her. He would summon a medical droid and then deal with the man. Under his mask his expression became very grim. Consciousness was a slow and painful affair that she had to fight for, every step of the way. First, all she was aware of was the pain in her head, then the nausea, then the pain in her eyes and then the metallic taste in her mouth. Slowly she became aware of things outside of herself. She could hear the sound of a fresher in use and she was in a bed, but the sheets felt different from her own and smelt of someone else. She opened her eyes a crack and found herself in an unusually large bedroom compared to her few square meters. She was lying in silky black sheets. She was wearing ships issue sleep wear which was functional but not what she used herself. She sat up in bed and pulled a sheet up to her chin as she became aware of the sound of the fresher ceasing. Moments later a man walked in with a towel tucked around his waist drying his hair with another. He was tall and muscled with dark damp wavy hair and Lara had never laid eyes on him before in her life. She didn’t think. “Who the fuck are you?” The man jumped in surprise turning fully towards her and lowering the towel from his damp hair. “Shit, sorry. I thought I could quickly wash while you were asleep. I’ll just grab some clothes and…” He trailed off as he reached into an opening and got some trousers and then tried to exit. "Wait!” The man stopped with his back towards her. It was quite some back and she noticed a couple of drops of water lazily wandering a path down it. “Were you at the party last night? Did we…?” She didn’t know how to put it after that. Everything sounded terrible – what guy wanted to know that they were that unmemorable? Anyway if she had fucked him she would really like to remember it. He was incredibly sexy. There was a bit of a pause and the man shifted slightly. "Use the fresher. Get dressed. I’ll talk to you out here.” And then he left the room. She looked at the door he had shut behind him for a few moments in further confusion. She then took note of the clock beside the bed and gasped in fright. She only had half an hour before her shift started and Hux was going to kill her if she turned up late again. She scrambled out of bed trying to locate her clothes. They were folded neatly on a counter top and she got into them as fast as she could. She located her shoes next to her bed and then looked in the mirror. Oh fuck. She looked terrible. Apart from the makeup smeared all over her face there was a large bacta patch attached to the side of her face and she thought she could see discolouration down her whole left side. There was no more time to think about all that, she just had to leave. She opened the door to the living area and was once again shocked by the size of it. Not that It had much of interest in it other than a large viewing window which - was all the decoration you really needed. The man was stood in front of it with his arms behind his back. He had put on some trousers but still didn’t have a top on. So there were some positives to the morning. “Really sorry but I’m just going to have to leave. My shift starts at 8.00 and I can’t be late again. I’ll get a formal and I’m really new.” He turned to her with a frown. “We need to talk about last night.” "Yeah? Well look maybe II’ll swing by later. I just cant do this now.” She started walking towards the door. "Not later. You need to hear this now." He sounded irritated. He was quite the autocrat. “Which bit of I don’t have time do you not understand? I have things to do. I really don’t appreciate being talked to like I’m a fucking child.” His face was a picture of shock. “Don’t think I will be coming back here any time soon actually.” And with that she went for the exit storming out as soon as the door would let her, which was conveniently fast. Lara ended up being fifteen minutes late and had had to sneak into the morning meeting from the back. Unfortunately there was no space against the walls and she ended up having to walk the full length of the room while everybody looked at her. Then she stood feeling self conscious and faced Hux for the first time. He was looking at her and he didn’t look pleased. Even Kylo Ren had turned up before her. He seemed to be looking at her as well. No that must be paranoia. Hux started droning on about the mission they would be starting and the groups they would be assigned to and she fazed out of the conversation. She was so annoyed at herself for being late again but when she had left the man’s quarters she had had literally no idea where she was and so had spent fifteen minutes just wondering around until she found a landmark she could navigate from. Then she had cleaned herself up as best she could with concealer and a smaller bacta patch. Found her second uniform because the one from last night had blood on it and by that point there was no way to be on time even though she had run all the way. Running had really made her feel a bit ill. Whatever she had drunk last night was a killer. The last thing she remembered was standing with Sammy looking at the stars. What the hell had happened after that? Well looked like she had managed to pull Mr tall dark and handsome. Bit of shame that she had left on such a bad note because if he kept his mouth shut she would have definitely liked to have tapped that again. She started to wonder what it would be like to run her tongue down his damp chest and then pull that annoying towel away and carry on down. She wondered if he was big. If he was in proportion she thought he would be but then it didn’t feel very sore down there so maybe he was tiny. She was rudely dragged from her revery by a crash of a chair and Kylo Ren striding from the room. What was up with him? Hux watched him go with a look of puzzlement on his face. “What is wrong with everybody this morning?” Several people shuffled there feet in embarrassment. Looks like she wasn’t the only one who had a bad head. “Alright go on get out of here, looks like we are not going to get much more done this morning. Dismissed.” There was a general sigh of relief and then a hurried exodus. “Not you Lane. Come with me.” He sounded clipped and very angry. Her heart sank. She really had tried so hard to do what he wanted but somehow last night had just gone wrong and she didn’t understand why. She followed him into his office and stood in front of his desk while he shut the door behind her and then went to sit in his chair. “I’m disappointed.” He said it really quietly and somehow that hit a nerve in her and she found her lower lip quivering. She bit it to try and stop herself from breaking down in front of him. “What happened to your face?” She looked at him unhappily knowing that anything she said now was going to sound awful. “Speak up.” His voice was suddenly loud and she jumped on the spot and found that her tears had started to fall. "I'm sorry Sir." She sniffed. “I think I fell. I can’t remember.” “You were drunk then.” There was an uncomfortable silence and she didn’t deny it. He looked at his table top for a few moments and then sighed. “Alright then. I’m sorry to say that I am going to move you off my ship. You have potential but perhaps you are a bit young to have been given the responsibilities you have. I can’t have my officers behaving in the way you have consistently done.” He didn’t look up and she found that she couldn’t speak. “Take a few hours break and then please finish your days work. I’ll arrange a transport for the morning. Your dismissed.” She turned and went from the room half blinded by tears. She managed to get back to her quarters by some instinct or other and when she finally heard the door close behind her she threw herself on her bed and sobbed into the covers in a way she hadn’t since she was a child. She had failed. Chapter 4 Notes: I'm not sure if the first order has mouse droids but I think they should. After an hour in which every dark and self destructive thought she had ever had about herself crossed her mind her intrinsic strength kicked in. Lara got up, had a shower, carefully reconstructed her appearance and also some of her mental armour and then went and did what Hux had instructed her to do. She went to her station, tied up some loose ends and left her reports in a good state for whoever would sit there next. She saw Hux but he didn’t acknowledge her. It hurt but she didn’t let it show. What was done was done, and she had no way to reverse what had happened. It was almost the end of her shift when she reviewed the work order for the faulty sensor. It had not been acknowledged by the engineers. That was strange. They usually responded within the hour and it had been more than a day. She got up and made her way to engineering. She had a long and fruitless conversation with the duty shift manager where he refused to admit that he had ever received the request and seemed to find the whole conversation extremely amusing. She found it increasingly irritating. Finally she walked out so wound up she felt like kicking the next mouse droid that she met. She withheld herself and decided to go and take a look at the sensor herself. She wasn’t completely inept when it came to fixing technology so maybe she could do something or at least identify the problem. Lara made her way to quadrant 19 A and had a strong sense of déjà vu as she realised she was retracing her steps to the very door that she had excited in such a hurry that morning. She looked at it for a long time wondering why her life seemed to be in such a downward spiral at the moment. Then she turned away from it and tried to find the sensor. It didn’t take much intelligence to work out the problem. In fact it was obvious. There was a deep scar in the fabric of the corridor above her head. It looked almost like something had melted through it. She had seen similar before. This was the work of Kylo Ren’s light sabre. This was probably going to be impossible to fix by her but she had nothing better to do in the last few hours of her day so she opened the wall panel and assessed if there was anything she could do. Half an hour later she had half the wires out of the wall and thought she was close to rigging up some sort of temporary fix, which wasn’t pretty but quite functional. She heard a sound behind her and turned. Kylo Ren was looking at her. Masked, tall and extremely imposing. She stood staring up at him her mouth slightly open. She tried to think of something to say but her mind came up a blank. “What are you doing?” His voice was as low and frightening as usual and she found herself shaking slightly. “I’m fixing a faulty sensor.” Her voice came out as a bit of a squeak. “Don’t we have engineering to do that sort of thing?” He sounded genuinely perplexed even through the voice modulation. “Umm, they wouldn’t listen to me. They said it was OK.” She felt her face burning and she wished he would go back to whatever he did. “I thought I would do it myself.” He looked at her for a few moments. And then spoke to her patiently as if he was speaking to rather a slow child. “The reason that sensor doesn’t work is because I wish it so. I broke it and I want to stay broke. So please stop fixing the sensor.” Her words came out before her mental sensor and a chance to intervene. “But why?” He seemed to sigh. “I don’t want Hux to know every time I enter and exit my quarters. What I do, and when I do it is my business.” Lara just stared at him as what he said started to slowly coalesce in her mind and a feeling of the world tipping on it’s axis had her reaching out to steady herself against the passage wall. Her mouth felt dry and she found it difficult to make a sound but forced out the question because she just had to know. "These are your quarters?” And she pointed to the door that was directly behind him while being careful not to touch him with her hand. He seemed to be closer to her even though he hadn’t moved at all. “Yes.” It was a quiet yes but it was unmistakable and she suddenly did find her legs giving out. She was sat on the floor looking at his rather large feet. She had slept with Kylo Ren. That couldn’t be possible even if he was really attractive under all that black. She just couldn’t see how that could happen. “No it didn’t.” He was leaning down towards her to reach for her arm. Was he answering her thoughts. Her alarm rose to dizzying heights as he pulled her rather easily to her feet. “But as I said this morning we do need to talk about what did happen. Lets go inside.” He pulled her towards his door but before he could get her inside she had pulled away in a sudden frantic move. The toll that her day was taking on her suddenly became far to much for her. She was terrified and looked at him with open horror. “No. No. No.” She turned and ran. Kylo watched the girl run away and didn’t even think about stopping her. The situation was a mess and he would have liked to clean it up but to be honest there was only so much he would or could do and dragging her into quarters to explain everything was too much effort. Maybe it was better this way. She had no idea of the ugliness that had befallen her and after she got over the shock that she had stayed the night in his quarters she could go back to her normal existence and not be bothered by any of it. The man had been taken care of. He would never be bothering any young women ever again. That had been the only satisfying aspect of this whole sorry proceedings. He looked at the mess of the wall in front of him, sighed, and pushed all the wires back in and closed the hatch. After this he stepped back. He unclipped his lightsaber, ignited it’s crackling blade and drove it deep into the top of the wall. It felt good so he did it again and again and again. He stopped when the heat started to penetrate the many layers of clothing he was wearing. He shut off the lightsaber and entered his quarters. He immediately removed his mask and threw it down on to his soft seat. He took a deep breath of the air and scratched at his mussed hair. He was tired. He hadn’t eaten since the morning and was feeling the effects of that too. All in all it was a pretty appalling day. He dialled up a simple plate of food that looked unappetising but had all the basic nutrients that the human body needed. He wasn’t always so spartan in his choices but today he didn’t have the energy to enjoy anything at all. His mind went back to the girl again. So flighty. He couldn’t seem to make her stay in one place for more than a few minutes. She was very unpredictable and quite annoying. Her thoughts broadcast like a shout and some of them were very distracting, in fact they gave him a headache. All in all however, whatever mild irritation she was turning out to be, he realised she could be very useful. She had force ability, although she was completely unaware of it. The mission that they were about to undertake could really use that ability if he was able to cultivate her quickly enough. Of course he would have to make her stay in one place for more than a few moments without some emotional trauma taking place, but perhaps with orders from her superior officer, namely Hux, that could be achieved. After he had eaten he wearily got ready for bed. Once he was in his sleep room he gratefully peeled the many layers from his body throwing clothes to the corner of the room. Naked he fell on the bed and buried his head into his pillow while pulling the silky sheets over himself. His pillow smelt of her. Flowers and musk. Kylo was unusually early for the morning meeting. They were assigning the teams to go planet side. Before that happened the teams had to be trained in all the processes to identify and extract the Kyber ore. Kylo and possibly this girl Lara would be able to find areas rich in the crystals but they couldn’t be everywhere and so non sensitives would have to judge by eye if a specific spot was worth extraction. He watched everyone arrive in two’s and three’s. They all ceased to speak as they found him in the room. Of course he could still hear their mental chatter but he shut that out as best he could. Most peoples internal monologue was dull, worrying about the mundane and obsessing over the futile or an unachievable. Hearing peoples thoughts was not an enjoyable perk of being force strong. Finally Hux entered looking more tired and unkempt than usual. Kylo’s first response was a bit of schadenfreude but then he realised that anything bothering Hux would end up bothering him as well and he frowned behind his mask where no one could see it. It was a long dull meeting that Kylo half kept track of but what really started to distract him was the fact that Lara had not turned up, even after twenty minutes she had not entered. Kylo had been hoping to take her aside and then talk to Hux about his plans to train her to identify Kyber traces. Perhaps she was ill. That was mildly inconvenient but he could always attempt some healing. Once everything was concluded he followed Hux to his office. Hux looked mildly perturbed to find Kylo looming over his desk. Usually he was outwardly polite with hidden barbs but it was a testament to his exhaustion that he was just openly rude. “What now? I have enough on my plate without you messing everything up.” He ran his hand through his hair. “Good-morning to you too.” Kylo couldn’t help himself. “Oh don’t give me that I just can’t be bothered this morning.” He slumped back in his chair and focused on the ceiling. “I could run the First Order with precision if it wasn’t for the fact that I have to dance to the tune of mystics and shamans.” The last was said in extreme disgust. Kylo found himself amused. “I’ll pretend that I didn’t hear you say that. I am actually here to check why one of your officers wasn’t at the meeting today.” Hux looked puzzled for a moment and then extremely suspicious. "There are only two officers that have not been at post in the last day. Officer Ardot and Junior Officer Lane. Which one interests you?” Kylo had forgotten that there probably would be unpleasant ramifications from him having disposed of one of Hux’s officers. He weighed up whether he should tell him what happened but through some sort of sense of honour he felt duty bound to talk to the girl first. And that was proving challenging. “It’s Lane. I wanted to talk to her, and you. She could prove useful.” Kylo noticed a strange look of regret pass over Hux’s face. He sat up. His discomfort was obvious “I have relieved her of duty for failing to keep up a proper standard of work. She is being sent back to the academy.” “You have fired her for turning up late?” His disgust was obvious. Kylo was surprised that he was actually extremely angry on her behalf. Especially as his decision making had contributed to her situation. “This is an army not a dance troop. These people here have to rely on her in battle and so the little stuff matters. So yes I have sent her back for more training. If I had the choice I’d send you too.” Kylo had obviously touched a nerve with Hux. "She's gone then?" Kylo’s voice was quiet. "The transport is leaving in ten minutes. Why are you so interested in her?” But the last of Hux’s sentence was said to Kylo’s back as he left the office. Hux looked at the door for some moments a small frown on his face, then turned to his terminal and called up internal camera and sensor records from two nights before.