His dreams are vivid and strange. He sees something whirling, passing from hand to hand, feels it smack against his side as he stills the twirling – a staff. He is running through the huge, empty corridors of the palace on Naboo, knowing his mother is sad but not knowing why. He scrunches his eyes shut against the empty gnawing of his belly, and he will not cry, it does no good to cry. He opens his eyes and stares at the empty perfection of the ship’s ceiling above him, his body aching for the warmth of human touch but he will not yield to temptation. He is lying on a bed, or a cloud, or a soft pile of grass. He turns his head and sees her face, upside down, but so very close to his. She, too, is lying on the softness, upside down to Ben. He smiles at her, soft and sweet and watches her light up with her own, irrepressible joy. “You’re beautiful,” he tells her, and lifts a hand to briefly touch her hair. She closes her eyes and shakes her head, embarrassed. “You are,” he insists, and nudges forward to press his lips to hers. The movement is so natural, so easy he knows he’s done it a thousand times before. The minute Ben is out of the bacta tank Rey climbs aboard the Falcon and takes off on some kind of mission he’s pretty certain was neither important nor urgent. Ben doesn’t enquire, even when his mother hints so strongly around the topic that even Uncle Luke looks embarrassed. Poe, thankfully, holds his tongue on the topic, though he visits Ben’s sick bed daily bearing entertainment holos and, once, a prized bunch of silver Perinian grapes. Finn accompanies him once, barely speaking but shooting worried looks at Ben he has no trouble interpreting. Ben hadn’t expected anything different. It’s not as though Rey having access to his mind, his memories or – stars help me – his subconscious should change anything. He’s just as much of a monster today as he was yesterday. The only difference is that now she can only escape it by going off-world. She is back a few days later, and Ben feels the sick churning in his stomach ease the moment the Falcon lands. He stops, takes a few deep breaths, and then resumes his efforts. He is testing Kyber crystals for suitability in the lightsabers of future Jedi, and it’s not as simple as it sounds. Especially when he’s not healing. He feels Luke’s presence before he sees him, and he puts down the crystal gently before he can do something stupid and damage it. Luke waits. “I’m fine,” Ben tells him without turning. Still waits. “This is exactly what I expected,” Ben says, then grimaces. He is giving away more than he ever intended. “I’m fine,” he says again, more firmly, and more annoyed with himself. He returns to his work. “It’s unwise to ignore this,” Luke says, but it’s half-hearted at best. He is distracted, also, by the hunt for Hux, who is on the run in the Finalizer and trying to rally what remains of the First Order’s troops. Ben knows Luke doesn’t actually wish him dead . That being said, Luke is not happy that his new and promising student is now bound for life to a Dark Jedi, nor is he happy that she’s running from it instead of facing it. He doesn’t see Rey at the evening meal, or in the hallways. It’s not until night comes that he can even fully feel her presence in his mind, meaning that her thoughts are turning, unwillingly, toward him. He’s been moved to new quarters since his injury, and the death of Snoke. He has a proper room now - the same as everyone else’s in size and amenities, but he can see his mother’s careful hand in the selection of it. The new headquarters are based in a mountainous area of a temperate planet, and the view from the huge window is utterly breathtaking. Sunsets that could make a grown man weep, snow-capped mountains in the distance and the green of grass and forest nearby. Ben spends almost all of his time stretched out along the wide sill of his window, watching the light change. He has showered and slipped into soft sleep pants before curling up on the seat. There’s a blanket pooled on the floor by his feet, and his chest is bare to give the wound a chance to dry in the open air, as the medics have advised. The toxin Snoke used is still unidentified, and he knows they are worried about the way the wound stubbornly refuses to close. The base is quiet, almost all its inhabitants asleep when he feels her approach. The door to his quarters opens with a soft swoosh and he turns his head to see her standing there, blinking and taken aback. Before she can form words to ask he says, “I coded the doors to admit you weeks ago,” and turns back to his view. There’s a half-moon tonight, huge in the sky, turning the green of the forest to silver. “Wha-why would you-” Ben cocks a sardonic brow at her. She stops and swallows, then steps inside. The doors close behind her. He looks away again when she lapses back into silence, and after a while she moves forward and stands beside him, staring outside. Ben breathes in, content for the first time in a long time, even as he casually shifts one arm to cross his torso and keep the wound concealed. No point in worrying Rey, and almost certainly starting an argument. It’ll heal, or it won’t. He’s alive, which is far more than he’d counted on at this point in the war. They share the silence as they are for almost an hour – Ben sprawled on the window seat, Rey standing stiffly behind, a ghostly outline reflected in the window. And then suddenly she moves to sit at the opposite end of the window seat, almost defiant. Ben keeps his arm where it is but draws his legs back just slightly. She frowns a little, then draws her legs up to fill the space he made. Ben returns his attention to the window outside, and pretends he can’t feel her eyes on him. She falls asleep that way, and only then he shuts his eyes, letting her closeness heal fissures in his soul he hadn’t even realized were there. He doesn’t use the Force often anymore – partly so that no-one realizes how badly weakened he is without her, and partly because it takes too much out of him. But tonight, with their legs tangled so that a tiny patch bare skin at her ankle presses against his leg, he can reach out a hand and call a pillow from his bed. He leans forward, ignoring the catch of his wound as he moves, and presses the pillow gently between her face and the window. She curls an arm up around it and settles in. Ben reaches down for the blanket, arranges it over their tangled legs, and sleeps better than he has in weeks. When he wakes at dawn she is already gone, and by the time he finishes breakfast she and Chewie have set off on another diplomatic mission to bring far-flung planets into the new Alliance. He can hear the sour tones of their voices before he enters the room, and it doesn’t take the Force to know what they’re discussing. Favourite topic no 2, Rey’s mysterious bond with Kylo Ren. Favourite topic no 1 is whether Kylo Ren should be executed for his crimes. Ben doesn’t even pause on his way into the dining hall. “Surely you can’t imagine she wants to be bonded to me,” he says, and pauses by the bowl of fruit. There’s silence. He assumes a lot of unhappy glances are exchanged behind his back. “Isn’t it obvious?” Ben asks, turning with a mostly-ripe jeyn fruit in one hand, casual as you please. “She wanted to save the General the grief of losing her only child. She was the only person there with Force ability, and she did it even though she knew she’d be stuck with me for the rest of her life. I’m not sure what exactly you require as proof of loyalty to the Rebellion but I’d have thought that giving up her future would cover it.” By the time he’s finished he’s met all of their eyes with a flat, unfriendly stare, and he can see them relaxing, some of them nodding slightly. He’s still the abrasive asshole they all love to hate, but there’s logic in what he’s saying. Not asking them to change their worldview certainly helps to make it easier. Dameron narrows his eyes at Ben. “Be grateful none of you were in her position and had to make that choice,” Ben advises, and now he smiles, thin and mean. He bites into the fruit and saunters out of the room. The next time Rey returns to base she comes to his room earlier in the evening. They still barely speak, but curled up on the seat together, feet and ankles brushing, Ben feels better than he has for three weeks. The wound on his chest has closed a little more by morning, when he watches the Falcon fly away again with Rey onboard. Unfortunately the progress is undone when this time she is absent for nearly two months. He grows thin, which is not flattering on his tall frame, and his mother has an almost permanent line between her eyes. Chapter 2 Even Rey notices on her return from that absence that Ben doesn’t look well. He is fully clothed, this time, when she comes to his room – winter is approaching – and so he doesn’t have to conceal the re-opened wound in his chest, but she frowns at him from the other end of the window seat. “You need to eat more,” she says abruptly. He nods absently. “So Mother tells me.” “So are you doing it?” she says, impatient. He shrugs. “I haven’t been hungry.” There’s a long silence. She is staring at him and finally he can’t ignore it any longer. He turns his head and meets her eyes and is shocked to find them bright with tears. “Rey,” he breathes, and reaches out a hand to her. She takes it, clumsily, and the sudden rush of memory is overwhelming. Other scavengers, on Jakku, going through lean times because of injury or illness, or when the sandstorms had set in. The sharply angled planes of their faces are vivid in her mind, like the way Ben looks now. And the ones she can’t forget - the ones who didn’t make it. “I won’t- I won’t starve to death,” he says, and his tongue feels thick in his mouth, clumsy. “Not like- it’s not like that, Rey.” “It’ll be winter soon,” she whispers, “if you got sick-” “I won’t,” he promises stupidly. “Ben, you have to eat.” “Do you think I haven’t tried?” he demands, suddenly angry. Two months is too long . Her eyes widen and he drops her hand with a tired curse. She heard that thought, definitely. “It’s- because of me?” she whispers. He turns his face back to the window. “You don’t eat because I’m not here?” “I eat,” he says, stubborn to the last. “Then what? And why didn’t you tell me?” He can’t quite hold back a bitter smile at that one. “When exactly would that conversation have happened, Rey? While I was still in the bacta tank? Or I could send a subspace message, I suppose, for everyone in the Rebellion to see and discuss.” She looks away, shamefaced. “It doesn’t matter,” he says, eyes back on the window. “It’s fine. The med droids can give me supplements if matters get out of hand. You don’t need to worry.” He can hear her breathing hitch, and closes his eyes. He has no defences against Rey’s tears. But he can’t touch her, not the way he wants to. They’re both too raw for that, would reveal too much to each other through this connection they barely understand and cannot seemingly control. Instead he reaches out his large, bony hand and sets it on her cloth-covered knee, squeezes. “I won’t stay away as long,” she offers, a long time later when her tears have dried. Ben takes the offering with a grateful nod. Things are awkward next morning, though, when Ben takes a seat in the dining hall and Finn drops into the spot opposite. He eyes Ben’s full plate and his brows go up, though he says nothing. They are part-way through their meal when Rey arrives, Dameron in tow, and they take seats on either side of Finn. “It’s good to see you eating, buddy.” Ben glares at him. “I’m not your buddy.” “I know you’re not, pal,” he says, unphased, and pushes another roll across to Ben. Finn snickers. Rey watches the interplay with a little frown on her face, eyes wide. “If I eat that I’ll be sick,” Ben says flatly. “I have to work my way back up to big meals again.” “Put it in your pocket for mid-morning,” Dameron replies, “and don’t think I didn’t notice that you just admitted you basically need to be on a post-famine food protocol…” Ben grimaces. “… which means that the next time this happens you won’t argue with me and shout at your mother and shut down the med droid. Right?” “You already had to see a med droid?” Rey bursts out. “Why didn’t-” then she stops and bites her lip. She turns her eyes on her friends, “Why didn’t either of you contact me?” Finn and Dameron exchange glances. “Rey,” Finn begins uneasily, “I mean, you had to know that leaving for so long wasn’t a good thing, after, uh...” “I didn’t know this would happen.” “But you asked someone, right? Before you flew off? You asked Master Skywalker, or looked up the archives to find out about this kind of bond.” Dameron is watching her with an odd mix of compassion and judgement. She swallows and looks down at her meal. “This conversation is pointless,” Ben says, and gathers up his plate and utensils. “I’m perfectly fine. Rey and I have discussed-” “Oh, so you told her about the not-sleeping?” “Since when do you care about my nightmares?” Ben demands, annoyed. “Since you saved my life , you idiot,” Dameron exclaimed. “Since you’re my friend , even though you don’t want to be. And since I had to sit here and watch you die by inches just because Rey wants to avoid-” “That’s enough,” Ben says harshly, slamming his plate down on the table. All around the mess hall people jump and startle, and conversations die away into wary silence as they watch him lean down and hiss at the pilot. “How do you think it feels to have access to my head, to my memories? Would you welcome that kind of warzone bleeding into your mind every second of the day?” Ben takes a steadying breath and says more quietly, “I appreciate what you’re trying to do, Poe, but your sympathy is misplaced. Rey is the one who is connected to a monster, and if you were in her position you’d be trying to get away from me, too.” After the food protocol discussion Ben and Rey fall into a rhythm of sorts. She cuts her trips shorter, averaging an absence of two weeks or so. His wound stalls at half-healed, and his grasp of the Force stabilises somewhat. She comes to his room only after the halls are empty and everyone is asleep. They don’t eat together in the dining hall – Ben lets her have the time with Poe and Finn, and the others who are drawn to the new Jedi apprentice – but at night in his room she quietly reaches for him and they touch hands, wrists, arms without self-consciousness. It occurs to Ben during one of her absences that it’s possible Rey, too, sleeps better when Ben is around. He is on one of his rare forays into the town at the foot of the mountain when he feels it. It’s a malevolent blackness that reminds him so strongly of Snoke that for a moment he is frozen in true fear. I killed him. No, no. I killed h- He gets a momentary image of a powdery substance in a pouch and an excitement that is sticky with anticipation and dark joy, and then it fades as if it had never been. Ben is left gasping, leaning against the side of a building. Not Snoke, he thinks. Of course not. Snoke had never felt anything as pedestrian as excitement . Snoke had been all cold calculation. But whoever this is has that same absence of feeling as the Supreme Leader, the same detachment that lets them view other people as things . Ben straightens, troubled, and hastens back up the mountain to find his uncle. Luke believes him, which is such a relief Ben is taken by surprise at the strength of his own feelings. They travel back down to the town that afternoon, and again the next morning. Nothing. “It’s possible they were only in town to buy whatever the powder was,” Luke says slowly. Ben nods. “Yes, I know.” But there are so many other settlements on this planet that it would be almost impossible to search them all. Luke sets his mouth in a line. “If any opportunities come for either of us to visit other towns, we should take them. Continuing to visit here would also be wise.” “Yes.” Ben is forcing himself back into that moment in his mind. “I only felt them for that one instant – I think they were… celebrating? The moment they stopped thinking about whatever it is they are planning, they faded back into the background as if they’d never been there.” He shakes his head and meets his uncle’s eyes, “Honestly, our odds of finding them again are not good.” “I agree. And yet-” “We must try.” Ben has more free time than Luke, since absolutely no-one is clamouring for him to establish an academy to teach what he knows, or to visit planets scanning for Force-sensitives, or to participate in any Councils at all. Instead Ben spends his time working on the background tasks necessary for creating a Jedi Academy, working with Finn on the arrest records for the First Order and ensuring that everyone who claimed they were only a simple stormtrooper is, in fact, only a simple stormtrooper. Once or twice they ask him to participate in an interrogation. He doesn’t use the Force the way he used to – his mother would never ask it of him, and he would refuse, in any case. But often just the mention of Kylo Ren’s name has the accused thinking guiltily about their tightly held secrets, and he can pluck it from the surface of their mind without ever setting foot in the room. So he visits the town almost every day, varying the times, and then finally, ten days after the first encounter, he feels it again. It’s fleeting, shorter even than the first, but it’s a glimpse of the pouch, a doorway, and that same surge of sick excitement. He returns the next day with Luke in tow, and they separate to walk the streets of the town in a grid pattern, searching for that door. Ben , his uncle sends. I have it. North west quarter. Ben manages not to run to get there. Luke is talking quietly with a market stall holder at the end of the street when Ben arrives, and he gestures to a quiet laneway between two buildings so they can talk. “I can get a faint sense of it from the doorway itself,” he tells Ben quietly. He moves his shoulders, “You are right. This individual is… deeply troubled. “Do you think they live here? Or nearby?” Ben asks, scanning the buildings. “I cannot be sure,” Luke says. “It’s possible, or they may work nearby. Also, the breadmaker here tells me that they hold markets every six days for local artisans, which go on late into the evening with food and wine and dancing. The next one is scheduled for tomorrow. Apart from that it’s a very ordinary street.” Ben nods. Looks up at his uncle. “I’m staying.” Luke smiles very faintly. “I thought you might. My new friend here is prepared to allow you to use his storeroom temporarily. I’ll arrange for someone to bring you your things.” “Thank you.” Luke hesitates as he’s leaving, and gives Ben a glance he’s coming to be heartily tired of seeing. “I’ll be fine,” he says before Luke can ask. After a moment his uncle says, “An unresolved bond is by its nature unstable, you know that.” “I’ll be fine .” Luke sighs. “Sooner or later you and Rey are going to have to talk about things, Ben. Even if only so that your medical problems can be properly addressed.” Ben shrugs. Luke shakes his head and takes his leave, and Ben settles into the quiet of the mountain village. Chapter 3 Notes: TRIGGER WARNING There are allusions to drink spiking and sexual assault in this chapter. Nothing explicit, but please take care if this is an issue for you. You can skip this chapter if need be, or ask questions in the comments. Ben spends the afternoon walking the streets and laneways of the area, and gets nothing. NP9 arrives in the evening with food and a change of clothes, as well as a message from his mother. He sleeps badly, bothered by the oily trace of ugliness left behind in that doorway. There is always another Snoke, it seems, even if this one’s ambitions are on a small scale. Still, touching a mind like that is disturbing. In the morning the street is suddenly filled with citizens. Temporary tables and tents spring up along the entire length of the street, and the foot traffic triples within an hour. Ben lurks in the storeroom, mostly, meditating in order to calm his mind and strengthen his connection to the Force as much as possible. He ventures out once or twice to inspect the wares, to buy food and a drink of something warm and spicy that comes in a clay pot and makes his eyebrows lift. He buys a jar of the drink from the grinning vendor, and a pendant of milky green stone that has been polished to a bright sheen and reminds him of Rey’s eyes. He can’t understand a word the vendor says, but they make themselves understood with gestures and bows, and he tucks the necklace into a pocket with a satisfied feeling. He can feel Luke approach as the sun begins to set. Nothing, he reports to his uncle. Patience, his uncle counsels. Ben, predictably enough, grinds his teeth. He can feel a glimmer of amusement through the Force, and then Luke is there, rounding the corner. Ben takes his leave and retires to the room the baker had set aside for him. He sleeps badly, of course, because Rey is off-planet, and he resolves yet again to ask her about it. He’ll do it, this time. If it’s the same for her. He is awakened by a rise in volume outside, and when he ventures out he finds the market has turned into a riotous outdoor dining venue, with impromptu dancing breaking out at different points along the street. Luke is watching the street intently. “I sensed something, just a whisper, about an hour ago.” “We should split up,” Ben says, and when Luke nods, he pulls up his hood and strides out into the crowd, heading north. It’s a frustrating way to spend the evening, trying not to react to every burst of raucous laughter, or change in the volume of music. By the time things have quietened down, Ben is almost ready to believe he has imagined the whole thing. And then he feels it again, unmistakable. Luke, he calls mentally. On my way. Ben draws closer to the place where he’d sensed that first trace and there it is, concentrated and close to the surface now. He lets his eyes roam over the crowd, thinning now, and finds himself focusing in on a figure lingering in a dark doorway. He throws the image to Luke, with some difficulty. His grasp on the Force has him tiring easily nowadays, when Rey is gone. Ben stays where he is, and watches. Sure enough, after a few more seconds he sees the shadow detach itself from the darkness of the doorway and move forward smoothly to cross the path of a clearly drunken stallholder. “You all right?” a voice enquires. The stallholder stumbles slightly and squints. Even his headtails are swinging drunkenly. “Fonn? That you?” “Yes, it’s me. You look like you could use some help.” It’s bubbling up in him now, the knowledge of what the powder will do, the freedom he’ll have when the Twi’lek is unconscious, helpless and pliable and- Ben feels nausea rise in him as he gets all the images, the helpless body subjected to all manner of perversions, offered to strangers, and he takes a step forward. Luke is hurrying toward them, but is blocked by a series of tables being carried away as the night market is packed up. “I don’t feel so good,” the stallholder mumbles, leaning heavily on his supposed ‘friend’. “Here,” Fonn offers, raising a hand to the other man’s face. “Stop,” Ben orders, surging forward. He has no idea what’s in that powder, but he’s not willing to risk the other man’s safety on it. “What?” Both men turn toward him, startled, and he can feel in his mind when Luke begins to run and push through the crowd. “Stay back,” Ben orders Fonn, who has his hand concealed inside his robes, and a look of startled rage on his face. The two of them are still standing far too close together for Ben’s liking, though, and he applies a little Force push, even though it taps his reserves down to almost nothing. He reaches the drunken stallholder and grips the man’s arm to help him stay upright, drawing him further away from his would-be attacker. Unfortunately it means that Ben is completely unable to evade the handful of powder the furious Fonn throws at Ben, instead of his original intended victim. Ben chokes, coughs, and feels the world begin to turn black just as he hears his uncle’s voice, urgent and just close enough to be comforting. “-designed for Twi’lek bodies,” he can hear his uncle saying, and then Ben’s body is moving. There are more voices after that, some he knows, others are strangers. It’s all coming from very far away. -know how it will interact w… -lift him -reckless -supposed to care -has to tell her -stop doing this to m /not fair to h/ -think he confi -never here He thinks time passes in strange jumps, and his head hurts like it’s on fire. He stays quiet. He knows what happens if they know you’re hurting. They come back and see how much more you can take. Then, “Please,” she says. “Please . Wake up. Ben.” That’s different. His mother isn’t a part of this. Nor is that name. He opens his eyes. “Mother.” “Yes, love. I’m here.” “You’re not here. Not when it hurts,” he says, confused. He thinks of her, when they hurt him, he thinks of her all the time . Until they make him stop. Until even those thoughts hurt, too. “Oh, Ben,” she says shakily. “Mmmm,” he manages, before he drops off to sleep again. “Missed you. Don’t go.” He awakens as well as can be expected, considering the powder was a powerful sedative laced with paralytics and hallucinogens, and that it triggered something like an allergic reaction in Ben’s body, being based on Twi’lek ingredients. Rey had been there for the first day, he is told, but was called away again to make contact with a new potential Jedi recruit. His mother glares at him, exasperated. “It’s not my fault,” he protests. “I didn’t do it on purpose .” “You’re a magnet for trouble,” she says, and gives Luke an unimpressed side-eye. His uncle, Ben is amused to note, shifts uneasily and seems to consider about three different responses before opting for silence. “No more amateur detecting,” his mother declares. “Am I clear?” Ben smiles at her. It’s nice to hear that protective note in her voice again. What’s odd is the change in the tone of the base’s general mood toward Ben after that. He still has plenty of enemies – he’ll always have plenty of those, he suspects. But there is a definite thaw in the ice from a handful of people who nod at him in corridors and in stairways. After a few days he realizes they are all locals who work on the base. He’s not sure why that would happen, and he’s not really brave enough to ask – other than to refer obliquely to it in front of Poe. “You don’t get why?” the other man says, brows rising. Ben shrugs. “If killing Snoke didn’t change their minds…” he spreads his hands. Finn, polishing his boots on the other side of the room, makes a noise that seems to signal agreement. Poe shakes his head. “You guys. Look: killing Snoke is a big-picture thing, right? Shaking the structure of governments, the rule of planets and Empires. There’s also an element of self-defence there, especially for folks who didn’t see it happen. You were in a fight, you killed the guy,” he shrugs in a way Ben can’t help feel is a bit casual, considering how bloody difficult it was to face the Supreme Leader, and what it almost cost him. Should have cost him, if not for Rey. “This is on a different scale - you didn’t have to get involved. No-one ever would have known if you’d ignored what you sensed.” Ben shifts uncomfortably. “You think that creep just started his little activities now? No preliminaries, no practice?” Ben’s mouth flattens and Finn puts his boots down, frowning. “I’m hearing tales that there’s a few locals ‘round town who’re starting to wonder about that night when they thought they drank too many of the local brew and couldn’t remember what happened next. Pretty sure at least some of ‘em were his first victims.” “That’s…” Finn says, and can’t seem to find a word big enough, or bad enough, judging by the look on his face. “Yeah,” Poe says, very quietly. He looks up at Ben then. “What you did with Snoke, that was good, sure. What you did with this guy? That was personal. And not one of the locals here will ever forget it.” Chapter 4 The door to his quarters hisses open. Ben doesn’t look up from his screen – the story has reached a hugely exciting part and he has to know what happens next. He lifts his arm and holds it out without looking up, and he hears the soft sounds of Rey settling onto the oversized cushions he now habitually leaves on the floor next to his window. She takes his hand in hers and draws it close, using it almost like a pillow, her head cushioned against Ben’s bicep, his forearm loosely clasped between her two hands. A few minutes later when he’s finished his story he looks over at her, and she is already asleep, hear head has dipped down to rest on the cushion between Ben’s arm and his hip. Rey awakens in the early hours of the morning, like always. It’s not something she can help. She’s slept alone her entire life – that she remembers, anyway. Always, inevitably, another person in the room makes a sound or they move, and it wakes her. It makes things simpler in this instance, anyway. She’s not ready to wake up with Kylo Ren. She takes a steadying breath and looks at him. Not ready to wake up with Ben Solo, either. It’s getting harder and harder to think of him as Kylo Ren. He just doesn’t act like it. The voice is the same, the power is still there, the clipped cadence of his step. But the rest is so changed. And how can she believe in such a change? If all of this potential for good was in him all along, why did he do the things he did? She hadn’t even known half of his crimes when he’d first shown up on Kashyyyk. But the other Rebel soldiers had been more than happy to describe the massacre at the Academy, the planets attacked and the villages razed. It had seemed impossible to believe, and yet he’d never denied it. Even the General hadn’t denied it. Rey slides slowly away from him, amazed as always that he doesn’t wake. She gets enough flashes of his nightmares to know that for the past decade he slept very lightly when he slept at all. Always on the alert for an attack, or shoring himself up against Snoke’s bullish presence invading his mind. But he sleeps so deeply for Rey. I coded the door to admit you weeks ago , he’d said, like it was nothing . She doesn’t understand him at all . She hasn’t invited anyone inside her room – not even Finn, who was her first friend. Not even… she steers her mind away from that, not ready to consider that little secret when she’s in the same room as her bond mate. There’s no-one she can ask about the mess she’s making. They’re all bound to him in some way – his mother, his uncle, his godfather, even Poe and Finn are his friends, now, too. She swallows and reaches out to touch a timid fingertip to his face. He doesn’t stir, as always, and so she lets the back of her fingers rest against his cheek. Who are you, really , she thinks at him. How can I trust you? Why do I trust you? The man she’s bound to for life sleeps on, and his trusting, open mind gives her no answers. They still haven’t talked about it. Ben tries not to invade her mind at all if he can help it. She didn’t realize what would happen, after all. She never wanted any of this. But he doesn’t have to read her mind to know that she doesn’t want to talk about why she couldn’t just let him die. In truth, most days he’s terrified that he somehow influenced her and that’s why she did it. He’d had a vague sense of Rey in the back of his head ever since Starkiller . Who’s to say he wasn’t channelling something back to her the entire time? Making her feel like he was somehow vital, like he was a part of her mind she couldn’t let go of. No, Ben isn’t going to be the one to start that conversation. There is a new arrival on the base, since the death of Snoke. Her name is Mareesak, and she comes from a watery planet Ben has never heard of. He can feel her presence from quite a long way across the base, not because she projects her anger, but because her hatred is a razor sharp blade meant only for him. She has come to advise the newly formed Council on legal matters relating to trade amongst a specific coalition of planets, Ben understands. And every time she passes him in the hallway she spits in his face. He says nothing, begins to carry a cloth in his pocket to wipe away the evidence, and tries wherever possible to avoid running into her. It’s not difficult, their respective tasks keep them fairly far apart. Finn is with him, once, when it happens. She continues on after as if nothing at all had happened, the way she always does. Finn stares, mouth open, and Ben wipes his face and says, “Don’t worry about it.” “Don’t- are you- what?” “Finn,” Ben says firmly, and grips the other man’s arm. “Don’t. Worry. About it.” Finn stares at him, troubled. “This is my problem,” Ben tells him. “Leave it be. Tell no-one.” There are jeyn cakes at least three times a week now, in the dining hall. Not once does Ben turn up to find the plate empty. Poe smirks at him, but it makes Ben uncomfortable. They shouldn’t… like him like that. He hasn’t earned these small kindnesses. He’s not sure there’s anything he could accomplish that would make him feel like he had earned it. He avoids their attempts at conversation. It doesn’t seem to bother them one bit. The small treats keep coming, his boots are mysteriously repaired and returned to his room overnight, and one day he realizes that his facilities never run out of hot water anymore, the way they used to. Chapter 5 Of course, it had to happen that Mareesak passes him just as Rey emerges from a hallway on the left. She spits in his face and keeps walking, and Ben takes a quick, shaky breath and wipes his face, half-hoping Rey missed it. As if Ben Solo has ever had that kind of luck. “What- what the h -” “Rey,” he cautions. “Leave it.” “Leave it? Are you joking? ” Rey takes three quick steps to where Mareesak has paused with one foot on the bottom step, one hand on the railing. “I’m asking you to leave it,” Ben repeats. “I’m not going to just-” “She has good reason,” Ben says quietly, coming up behind Rey. Mareesak’s eyes flick to his. They are flat and dead, and he feels his gut roil at the sight. “I don’t care what-” “She had twin sons,” Ben says. Rey stops talking. He can see the colour leave her face. He has to force the words out. “I killed them.” Rey swallows. Mareesak turns to Rey, waiting, but Rey drops her eyes. Without another word Mareesak begins to climb the stairs, leaving them behind in seconds. Ben is deeply asleep when the Falcon lands. It’s the only possible explanation for why he doesn’t sense her sooner. As it is, he is barely awake when the door hisses open and he can feel in that strange way that now seems so natural, that the Rey-shaped hole in the room is no longer there. She slides onto the bed beside him, beneath the covers, and lays her head on his chest. Ben makes a drowsy, enquiring noise. They’ve never done this before, snuggled together in bed, but he certainly has no objection. His arm comes up to curve around her back and pull her close, and he feels the long exhale of her breath against his chest. It takes him another moment to register that the sound contained within the breath is close to a sob, and when he reaches carefully for the bond her emotions are a raging, chaotic mix. Ben’s eyes snap open. “Rey?” he begins, already turning to try and see her face. “Don’t,” she says, low but fierce. “I don’t want to talk.” He blinks himself awake and realizes in a rush of adrenalin that she is shaking. “What is it- are you hurt?” He runs his hands up and down her sides, automatically checking for wounds. She shakes her head wordlessly, fingers twining in his shirt. “Don’t,” she pleads. “Please, just. Let me.” And then she turns her head and presses her face hard against his ribs, breathing shakily. For a long moment his mind is blank, torn between fixing whatever is wrong (hurting whoever upset her) and making her at least look at him so that he knows she’s all right. And then he realizes that she’s not all right. She’s already made it clear she’s not all right . But she obviously didn’t come here for revenge or for him to fix whatever’s wrong. Of all the people who care for her, she came to him . Ben draws in a deep breath and wraps his other arm around her, tight. “What do you need me to do,” he murmurs into her hair. “Can you- talk?” “What about?” “Anything. Just. Your voice. Makes me feel better,” she chokes out haltingly. Ben blinks. “I. Yes, I can-” he stops and swallows. “So. It’s uh, snowing. You probably already noticed. Nobody realized that Finn’s never really uh, well, the way he put it was that he’s seen snowy planets before - I’m going to assume he means from orbit. But he’d never actually been out in the snow before. Poe, of course, took it upon himself to educate- well, educate’s a strong word for what went on after lunch today…” He’s rambling . His parents would never believe it. But his mind is a complete blank apart from the ridiculous hour of snow play he’d witnessed this afternoon. So he does with it. And if the slow relaxing of Rey’s body is anything to go by, it’s working. He’s getting flashes now of what she’s witnessed recently, and it is horribly familiar. Hux’s work, no doubt, families slaughtered and towns left in a smoking ruin. Ben swallows and pushes through the guilt. “…it was all down the inside of his clothes, stuck to his eyebrows – well. I’m sure someone recorded an image or two, you’ll see it tomorrow.” His fingers are running slowly through her hair, crown to nape, and he hears her exhale damply against his shirt. “Better now?” he asks very quietly. “A little.” As usual, she’s gone when he wakes in the morning, though he can feel she’s still on-planet. The relief he feels at that is staggering. Ben takes a careful, measured breath, dresses and heads to his mother’s quarters, collecting breakfast on the way. She doesn’t question his spontaneous visit to her quarters, she had reinstated family access for him quite some time ago. Even before the death of Snoke, he suspects, which was reckless in the extreme, but there’s not a lot of point having that argument now. They sit together quietly, eating. Ben is turning things over in his mind, and he can feel his mother waiting patiently. “I didn’t know,” he says softly, slowly. She looks at him questioningly. “I didn’t know that I could make her feel better. I always feel better just being around her, but-” It hadn’t seemed possible that it could work the other way around. When he looks up she is giving him a soft, sad smile, full of pride and mingled sadness. “Ben,” his mother says slowly, lowering her cup, “you need to understand that Rey is probably one of the most alone people you have ever, or will ever meet. I know your life in the past few years hasn’t been… easy, ” she falters. He touches her hand briefly, understanding. “But. From what little she’s told me, Rey lived entirely alone. Almost no interaction with any other living thing.” He frowns at her. “What I’m saying is, of the two of you, Ben, you are the one with relationship skills.” He recoils automatically. “Yes,” she says, sharp and wry, “just imagine .” And Ben is suddenly reminded that his mother had, as a young woman, captivated a smooth-talking ladies man like Han Solo, and stood toe to toe with him for decades to make their relationship work. Leia Organa Solo takes no crap from anyone, and she’s seen more of it than most. “But if you think about it for two seconds you’ll understand the truth of this situation. You had parents. You had an uncle, a godfather, and childhood friends.” He swallows and looks away. “Yes,” he says, his voice low. “This isn’t about you, Ben,” she says, warningly. “You can’t start your usual spiral of how you had it all and threw it away. Think about her . About how she was alone, no family or friends, and she stayed that way. She doesn’t understand the ebb and flow of relationships.” Naturally, this would be the day that someone notices Rey leaving Ben’s quarters in the early morning. By mid-morning the general air around the base is a combination of chilly and business-as-usual. There’s a fair proportion of people who have either decided to forgive on the Kylo Ren issue, or have decided, pragmatically, that the results of his efforts are worth tolerating his continued presence on the base. This news barely impacts them. The others, though… No-one dares to speak badly about Ben to the General. Those who try to start an angry conversation with Luke find themselves talking in circles about deep philosophical concepts and the nature of the Force. Poe cuts down every objection with a charming smile and a steely none-of-your-business. But Rey . Rey doesn’t understand what they’re doing, the conversations that stop when she enters the room, the sneering remarks and the way people are suddenly declining her assistance and spurning her company. She doesn’t understand, and she doesn’t know how to handle it. She tries to hold it in, but Ben can feel the low churn of hurt and confusion and why in the back of her mind. For the first time in over a year Ben finds himself kindling a black rage that feeds itself without any conscious help from him. He is stalking through the corridors with no clear destination in mind when Poe steps out in front of him. “You need to cool down,” the older man tells him. “They have no right- ” “They have every right to feel whatever damn fool thing they want. They also, unfortunately, have the right to act like idiots, if that’s what they choose to do.” “She doesn’t deserve-” “Ben, listen to me. I understand your chivalrous instincts, but you have to let this go. You’re not doing Rey any favours by jumping in to Force-choke people when they have an issue with her. She needs to learn how to cope with this stuff in her own way.” Ben gapes at him. “You’re saying I should just-” Poe gives him a warning look. “She can stand up for herself in a fight?” He grinds his teeth. “Yes.” “Then she can figure out how to either argue back, or stop letting it bother her.” “Except that it’s happening because of me .” “ This time. But the next time it’ll be because of politics, or because someone wanted to ask her out and she said no, or because they think she shouldn’t be piloting the Falcon anymore because she’s a Jedi now. There’s always gonna be something, buddy. You can’t protect her from every disagreement, and just ‘cos people are enemies of the First Order doesn’t automatically make ‘em good people. We got our fair share of a-holes, too.” Ben looks away, jaw clenching. “Let it be, Ben,” Poe says again, more softly. “Let her learn this one on her own. At the very least wait until she asks you for advice or help.” He takes a huge breath. “Fighting her battles for her is more likely to escalate this than help, you know.” Ben grimaces. That , he understands all too well. But it doesn’t sit well with him to do nothing. He takes another, steadying breath, and remembers suddenly the moment he’d realized, the night before, that she hadn’t wanted him to do anything. Does he have to learn everything the hard way, twice over? He grinds his teeth. This actually feels more like punishment than anything he’s endured so far. He could almost accept it as something he deserves, if it didn’t involve Rey, too. He blows out a breath, surrendering. “All right,” he says. Then he shakes his head and glares at Poe, because he has to glare at someone. “Wow, really?” the pilot says, blinking as if confused. Ben raises his eyebrows. “Huh. I …thought that’d be harder. Uh.” He shifts from foot to foot and then lifts his voice, “It’s okay, Chewie. You can go.” There’s a derisive bark of Wookie laughter from around the corner, /finally, he listens/ and then the sound of giant feet stalking away. “You thought Chewie could talk sense into me if you couldn’t?” Ben demands, gaping. “Chewie?” “What? Oh, no, of course not. No, Chewie was waiting to just, uh,” he shrugs, “pick you up and carry you away if you wouldn’t listen.” They fall into step, Ben shaking his head at Poe as he adds, “I figured he was one of the few people you might be reluctant to get into a fight with, or use the Force on.” “You are unbelievable.” Poe shrugs. “Be grateful I decided to have faith in your capacity for compromise. Finn suggested stun grenades.” Ben barks out startled laughter, and Poe knocks their shoulders together. Chapter 6 He destroys a number of practise droids over the next week or so. He also hikes down the mountain into the local villages to avoid watching Rey struggle with stupid social infighting, and stumbles upon the extended family of Daarvi, the stallholder Ben had rescued from the drug. He barely manages to leave their home without their every possession and their eldest daughter, who was, Ben had been told numerous times, of marriageable age, and very taken with the handsome stranger who had stepped in to help her brother. Rey enjoys the story well enough, though not as well as Poe and Finn, who end up actually weeping with laughter by the end. When he stands to leave the table he hesitates, then slips a hand into his pocket and brings out the milky green stone he’d bought, days ago in the village market. He presses it into Rey’s hand as he passes her on his way out, feels a faint trace of her surprise and pleasure in it as he passes out of the room. “Thank you,” she tells him awkwardly, the next time she sees him. “For the…” “I found it in the village,” he says, dismissive. It’s technically true. “Well. Thank you just the same.” He thinks she is running her fingers over the smooth surface, inside the pocket of her tunic, and he warms all over at the thought that something he gave her remains with her all day. Another day passes, and another, and the hostile edge begins to wear off most people’s interactions. Familiarity and time are wonderful things, Ben thinks, but he sees the way Rey keeps a wary distance from the ‘friends’ who had withdrawn from her, and he curses them. Rey has few enough people to rely on. Damn them for making the list any shorter. Weeks go by and they are suddenly close to finding Hux. Killing Snoke did achieve one thing, which is that no-one tries to keep Ben out of briefings anymore. He’s made it clear he’s not interested in trying to be a part of the leadership council, either political or military, but he’s still a resource they can use for planning missions. This time, however, he ends up actually participating in a mission. They are only a step or two away from Hux. They have a lead on the Hutt who has been keeping Hux’s small band of mercenaries in supplies. They have a day and a rough location for the next supply drop, but it’s going to take either Luke or Ben to identify the right intermediary, since they have no description, no name, nothing to go on. Rey’s control over the Force is improving, but she doesn’t have enough experience yet to read the minds of a crowd and pluck out useful intel. Ben powers down the speeder and nods at his uncle. The harsh light is fading at first sunset begins. It will still be a few hours before second sunset, when the planet reaches full dark. “Nothing?” Ben asks, swinging down from the speeder. “Not so far,” Luke replies. His uncle casts another glance back at the settlement. “I’ve been focusing on the southern side. It seems more like the kind of place.” Ben nods. Luke swings his head back. “Rey will likely join you later.” Ben can’t hold back his jolt of surprise. Luke waits for Ben to object but he simply swallows, shrugs and gets on with his task, which is to arrange a rough brown cloak and hood so that it conceals his face but not his vision. The natives of this planet are barely of a height with his mother, which means that Ben needs to stoop as much as possible to avoid attracting attention as he patrols. He walks the designated quadrants for an hour or two, as the quality of light changes from the blinding glare of two suns, to the soft sunset of one. By the time night has fully fallen another set of steps is matching his. “Master Luke says it’ll be good practice,” is all she says. Ben nods. “It would be wise not to use each other’s names if we need to speak,” he says after a moment. He doesn’t mention that she has never called him anything but Kylo Ren, aside from that one slip when he’d made her cry. She, too, nods. “You can be Scorpion,” Ben offers after a moment. There’s a hitch in her step, a sliding sideways glance. “Fine,” she says crisply. “You’re Helmet.” He can feel himself grin, but ducks his head away so she doesn’t see. The Force feels strong in him tonight. Maybe it’s Rey’s nearness, maybe it’s all the time he’s been spending in mediation as they travelled here, trying to avoid encountering the thoughts of the individual in this Rebel contingent who hates him with a poisonous focus. Either way, his senses are razor sharp, and it’s only an hour later that he says, “I have them.” He pauses in a doorway and waits, letting Rey reach out. “You feel that?” he murmurs. “That… tension in their thoughts? It could be simple crime, of course. Smugglers, maybe. But they are certainly up to no good.” “I- yes,” she says after a moment. “It’s a small group…” she adds, uncertain. “Yes. We need to get closer to see if we can overhear something more solid, in case it’s a co-incidence and these are just local riff-raff.” She nods, lifts her radio to her mouth and lets command know their location and the name of the cantina their group have just entered. The moment they step inside Ben realizes their mistake. Out on the street he had been better able to conceal his size. In here, he is like a giant amongst all the seated customers, and his is going to attract attention if he’s not smart about it. He moves swiftly, sweeping through the crowd while sending out a gentle wave of don’t-notice-me so that barely a head turns. There, by the back wall, is a small table half tucked into an alcove, and he slides into the seat and behind the table. Rey follows in his wake, less certain, and he is sorry all over again that he does not have the right, or the permission, to speak into her mind. “I’m drawing too much attention in here,” he murmurs, leaning close. “Too tall. Better if I sit.” She nods once, and slides into the seat across from him. Ben turns his focus on the group. There’s something odd about them. “What was that thing you did? When you came in?” Rey asks uncertainly. He glances at her, startled out of his concentration. “What?” “You…” she gestures vaguely. “Oh. It’s.” he hesitates, not sure how to explain it. “I’m too conspicuous, sometimes. In certain environments.” She glances around the room, noting the small stature of almost every other species here. Nods slowly. “I… it’s hard to explain. I think about not being noticed… and I… sort of. Push it out.” He spreads his hands, unable to explain it any better. Snoke had never noticed this trick of his. “Master Luke’s never mentioned it.” “I don’t think he’s ever really needed it,” Ben shrugs. “He can generally blend in. Also…” he hesitates, then shrugs again. “I didn’t realize I was doing it, at first. When I was still at home, I mean. I used to want to be invisible a lot. I’m pretty sure I was doing it long before I ever went to the Academy.” “Why would you want to be invisible?” she says, frowning. He freezes for a half-second, then turns his gaze carefully toward the group they’re monitoring. “My family is very high profile, obviously,” he says, very quietly. “It wasn’t always a comfortable thing, as a child, or as a teenager, to be stared at by huge crowds, asked endless questions about my parents or my uncle by everyone I met.” He hesitates. “I was a gangly, awkward boy who was more at ease with Wookies than any of the children around me. Sometimes it was nice not to be noticed.” She’s frozen in her seat and Ben gives a mental shrug. He should have known she wouldn’t be interested in the life and times of Ben Solo, teenage outcast. Better to keep this strictly business. “I could teach you,” he offers, then freezes himself, hearing the echo of the desperate offer he’d made on Starkiller base, pressing and pressing on her mind, knowing that he needed her close and not understanding why. Then one of the group they’re watching shifts, lifts his head and scans the bar with unmistakable intent. Ben catches an image from his mind and his eyes widen. He ducks his head and swears softly under his breath. “Scorpion,” he mutters, urgent. “On your feet, quick.” She is still wearing her robe. It will be enough, surely, to shield him. “Can you see what’s in the mind of the Chriss over there?” Rey rises, and Ben reaches out, cursing inwardly that he has to do this. “Sorry,” he mutters, then wraps a hand around her waist and… manhandles her, like he has a right to do so. He’s copying something he vaguely remembers seeing in a cantina like this one. His big hand spans her side and he drags her close, to stand between his spread knees, his face so close to her torso, her small breasts almost brushing his face. He keeps his hand on her, proprietary. “Sorry,” he mutters as she straightens, not fighting him, just… uncertain. She draws her shoulders up, eyes staring blindly over his shoulder at the wall. “Sorry,” he says again, into the soft fabric of her shirt. She manages to keep her focus despite their sudden proximity. “I, uh. I’m getting-” Then she stiffens, and he knows she saw what he saw. Her hand comes up to rest on his shoulder, further obscuring the sight line of the red-eyed man scanning the room, and she shuffles closer, body language changing as she gets the full picture of their situation. Ben curls his body in, lessening his height and bulk. Rey, too, swears. The group know Ben is here. They are searching the town for him . Rey slides her mic out from under her cloak with her free hand, and Ben turns his head just enough to be able to breathe a warning into it. “We need a distraction, and quickly,” he says. “Send Luke down here to tail this group and find out which is their ship.” They stay as they are, Rey swaying slightly to the music as though it’s a seduction, and Ben closes his eyes and tries to focus on anything but the bright clean scent of her, the rightness flowing through him at having her so close. Chapter 7 He bursts through the door and stalks forward, the small group of Rebels falling away from him on sheer, animal instinct at the rage he’s projecting. The soldier is waiting, face set in a cold sneer and no sign of remorse in his thoughts. He’s clearly not expecting Ben to barrel into him and keep walking until they slam, hard, into the far wall of the Rebel ship, Ben’s fists clenched in the front of his shirt. Ben leans in, stares into the other man’s eyes, close enough to resemble a kiss. “You hate me,” he says, conversational. “Yes,” Naplo snaps back, no hesitation. “You hate me, and so you fed the First Order the news that I would be here, hunting for Hux.” “You’re a murdering bastard who deserves-” “What about Rey. Does she deserve everything I should get?” Has her reputation taken such a hit that they hate her now, too? “Wh-what?” Ben bares his teeth. “Did you forget that she came on this mission? She was in that bar with me tonight. You think they’d have captured me and just left her behind?” The man’s face loses some colour. “I didn’t know she- I never meant-” his eyes flick past Ben to the rest of the room. “You never meant . You forgot that all of the remaining Jedi in the galaxy would be here, on this planet, and that you would also be tipping off the First Order that we were close to finding Hux. You forgot all of that?” “We can’t trust a monster like you.” “No, Naplo. I’m afraid you got that exactly wrong. We can’t trust you ,” Ben murmurs, and shakes him, watches him flinch. “Rey was known to Snoke, you know - he wanted to take her under his wing. Tell me what you think they would do to her, if they captured her.” Naplo swallows and turns his head away. Ben doesn’t even know if he’s choking the man, doesn’t care. “I’ll tell you what they’d do.” Ben’s voice is quiet and shaking and vicious. He bites out the words and he knows Naplo can feel the rage trembling through his entire body. “They would hurt her in ways you can’t even imagine. They would tear at her soul until there was nothing left. They would make her into another me .” “Wait,” she says from behind him, and her voice is so soft. “Please. Stop.” Ben turns his head toward her, but doesn’t let go of his prisoner. “You’re pleading for his life?” “Please,” she says again. “Don’t.” “Don’t , you say. He betrays you to the First Order, and Hux slips through our fingers, and you-” “Please,” she says again, and lays a hand on the small of his back. He rears back from Naplo and puts some room between them. Now she reaches out to Ben, touches him voluntarily, publicly. For this waste of space. He can feel the bitterness coil inside him. Ben takes one long step back, and he can see the man slump in relief. Then Ben raises a hand and makes a quick, hooking motion. Naplo jerks, eyes fling to meet Ben’s angry gaze. “Do you feel that?” Ben asks, low. Naplo swallows and raises a shaking hand to his head. Nods. Rey makes an inarticulate noise, half warning, half hesitation. “It will always be there,” Ben says, “Every day of your miserable life from now on.” Then he steps in again, close, and whispers in Naplo’s ear, “And if I ever sense you within the same sector of space as Rey, I will Rip. Your. Mind. Apart . From the inside. This body,” he taps at Naplo’s forehead with one finger, “will be nothing but an empty shell. Do you understand me.” “Yes.” “Do you believe me?” “Yes.” “Good,” Ben says, then turns on his heel and stalks away. She doesn’t have the good sense to leave him alone, of course. She follows him, and he’s just as glad of the attention as he is angry about her manipulation. Pathetic. “You scared a lot of people back there.” “I certainly hope so,” he says. “Not in a good way,” she returns. “Most of them were ready to accept you as part of the Rebellion but after that-” “After what? ” He whirls on her. “After finding a First Order informant? After exposing the person that has likely cost us Hux? Somehow I’m the problem, and not him? ” “What would you have done to him if I hadn’t come in?” “Nothing he didn’t deserve for what he did. You don’t understand what it would mean if Hux captured you-” “I can take care of myself-” “For most things, yes. Not for this. They are angry, do you understand? They are afraid, now. They have already lost . Anyone with any sense has left the First Order and is trying to build a new life and pretend they were never a part of this nightmare. The ones who have stayed with Hux are fanatics. Worse than I ever was. And there is nothing to restrain them anymore, no goals, no leaders requiring them to meet targets or complete construction. There is only revenge . I know Hux, and I know what he would do.” “I’m a Jedi apprentice-” “Do you think I submitted meekly to my training with Snoke? Do you think I witnessed that massacre and just fell meekly in line? Do you think I never longed for home or wanted it all to stop? They have ways to handle Force users, Rey, they have ways of making you not care about anything but making the pain go away . You would break, Rey. ” He has to stop to take a breath and says unsteadily, “Everybody breaks in the end.” “I survived the worst of Kylo Ren,” she retorts. “How much worse could Hux be?” Ben’s head snaps back as if she’d struck him. For a moment they just stare at each other, Rey stricken and guilty, and then Ben can’t hold back the incredulous sneer that curves one side of his mouth. “You think that was my worst? That was careful handling of an honoured guest, Rey, it was practically a courtship.” He leans in, furious and hurt, “You cannot begin to imagine Kylo Ren at his worst, you don’t have the vocabulary for it.” “I’m sorry,” she says, “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean-” “Yes. You did .” He turns away, sighing. He will never be able to explain this to her. The terror running brightly through him on her behalf is part memory and part instinct, and all of it stemming from his own ugly experiences. She can feel some of it through the bond, he knows that, but he is hiding as much of it as he possibly can. Because the innocence of Rey’s mind is still largely intact, in spite of being part of a war, in spite of her connection to Ben. And that very innocence means she cannot understand. In truth, he hopes she never does. “Just say it,” Ben tells her, tired. He can feel half of it through the bond anyway. “I just,” she says. Chews her lip. “I didn’t expect… to see Kylo Ren in you again.” Ben feels his mouth twist bitterly. He turns his head to meet her eyes. “You of all people know, Rey,” he says. “Part of me will always be Kylo Ren.” He pushes off the wall and stalks away. He finds Luke easily enough. “Hux has no way of knowing we’ve found the mole,” Ben begins without preamble. “We can still let him capture me.” Luke eyes him. Ben sighs. Yes, I’m sure we need to talk about things, he sends to his uncle. But not now. And you’re the only person on this planet that I truly trust with this mission anymore. His uncle allows this with a wry shrug. “What is your suggestion?” “How good is the subdermal tracker you implanted?” Ben asks. The med droid back on Kashyyyk hadn’t exactly been subtle. Luke doesn’t even bother looking embarrassed. “The best we could obtain on short notice.” Ben gives a short nod. “So, let him capture me, track where they take me, and we’ll finish the job.” “And how are you planning to escape? It could well be that Hux will decide to go down with his ship. He must know his days are numbered, and he has already chosen not to disappear, or surrender himself.” For one long ugly moment Ben is tempted to give his uncle an easy lie, something about his familiarity with the Finalizer and the location of its escape pods. He’s tired. So tired . And he knows that tonight he will be dreaming of the past, a mixed-up jumble of Rey saying I survived the worst of Kylo Ren, and the pure white fury that had overtaken him at the thought of Rey in Hux’s hands. That kind of anger makes everything so easy . The world brightens, his path becomes so clear. It’s how he had survived as Kylo Ren for so long, despite the many nightmarish aspects of that life. Then he looks his uncle in the eye instead and says, “No idea.” Luke shakes his head slowly. “Ben,” he says. He sighs. “I don’t know,” he says. “I’ll try, of course I will. But they know my skills and they know how to ensure I can’t use them.” Luke’s mouth tightens. “You know I’m not suicidal.” “No,” Luke concedes, and now he is glaring. “Just criminally reckless with your own life. For all you know Hux will kill you the minute he sets eyes on you.” There’s no real answer to that. Luke’s right. “What would happen to her?” Ben asks, hating himself a little. Even as hurt and angry as he is, he can’t stop caring about Rey. “If I died?” Luke shakes his head. “I’m sorry, Ben,” he says softly. “I genuinely do not know.” Ben nods. He stares at his boots for a few minutes, then says, “Do we have a med droid with us now?” So he’d been right about them knowing how to secure him. What he had been wrong about was the Finalizer . Apparently Hux’s fortunes had not been faring so well since the death of Snoke. Ben is still unconscious when they make the transfer from the cargo ship, and he awakens not on board the flagship, but on one of the mid-size shuttles usually used to transport the Supreme Leader and his guards. It’s hardly larger than the Falcon. The loss of his ship alone would have enraged Hux, let alone the rest of it – Ben’s defection, Snoke’s death. Ben’s fairly sure the room they’re holding him in now was some sort of supply cupboard, originally. He pictures stormtrooper helmets lined up in crates and almost laughs. “Hux,” he manages to say, his tongue thick in his mouth. He hates this drug. Has always hated the disorientation and the blurred vision, that sense that the Force was just there , if he could only reach through the fog in his mind. “It’s just as good to see you as ever.” That’s what he means to say, anyway. He’s not really sure he managed to form the words in the correct order. In the back of his mind he is ticking over what he knows about these ships, their systems. How he might turn it to his advantage. Nothing is leaping to mind right now. “Kylo Ren,” Hux murmurs, silky-quiet. “Or I suppose I should call you Ben Solo now, is that right? Since you were bearing a Rebellion tracker in your arm. We removed it, by the way. You’re quite alone.” Ben shrugs. He reaches clumsily for the Force, strains instinctively against the bonds holding him to the metal grating. Nothing. He is in so much trouble right now. No surprise there. “ Quite the transformation you’ve managed.” Oh this is going to be bad, Ben thinks blurrily. Hux is incandescent with rage. Maybe Ben can help things along. Hux might lose his temper and kill him by accident, which sounds better right now than being tortured to death. “Snoke, too,” Ben slurs out. “He’s much quieter now. And shorter. Total transformation.” There’s really no point trying put it off. Hux wants very badly to hurt him, and the normal constraints of trying to keep a prisoner coherent enough to give information don’t apply. Ben closes his eyes and concentrates on holding back his screams for as long as he can. Chapter 8 It goes on for a long time. Possibly forever. It’s nothing Ben hadn’t expected. Doesn’t mean it isn’t effective. Some things you can’t train away, and the body’s automatic response to injuries, especially those creatively applied, is one of them. It doesn’t help that the wound from Snoke’s blade has reopened under their careful attentions, and they’ve poured something into it that make’s Ben’s chest feel like it’s been filled with liquid fire. At some point Hux leaves. Probably sleepy – torture is surprisingly exhausting work. It’s possible he’d been gone for quite a while before Ben was coherent enough to realize it. When he does notice, he grits his teeth, literally, and bites down on the implant the med droid had placed in his cheek. The stimulant floods through his system with a surge that takes him completely by surprise, and he is straining at the bonds before any conscious thought has occurred. As a bonus, it seems to be interfering with the drug Hux dosed him with, the one that cut off Ben’s connection to the Force. He can feel his Force ability stirring to sleepy life as he works desperately at his restraints. His grip on the Force is still muddy, but combined with the surge of strength it’s enough to create a small gap in the clamp around one arm, and he drags his wrist through the space with an agonized gasp, leaving a fair amount of skin and soft tissue behind. He fumbles his way through the rest of the retraints, choosing to detaching the clamps from the large metal grate they’d used as an improvised rack, rather than trying to free his hands and feet. It’s lucky they didn’t have proper interrogation facilities, but they managed to find nice strong restraints anyway. It’s not exactly simple to access the panel, but he bludgeons it open with the clamp still attached to his other wrist, and yanks on enough wires to put together a general alarm which will trigger some automatic signals to the nearest starbase or outpost. Standard First Order protocol, he thinks, grinning. If the second subdermal tracker the med droid had concealed beneath the scar Snoke left in his hip is still transmitting, it will be enough for Luke and the others to find him. If not, maybe they’ll hear about the First Order ship transmitting a distress call. He slumps against the cell wall for a while, listening to the urgent shuffle of feet in the corridors, sharp voices issuing commands, and waits for Hux. He could try to break free of the cell, he knows that. But hours of pain have turned his muscles into one aching mass, and he can’t currently trust his vision or balance, plus his left wrist is losing blood at a rate alarming enough that he has to use his right hand to stem the flow. This ship is small enough that he’d have to commandeer the whole thing in order to escape, and it sounds as though the small number of escape pods have already been used. It seems safer to stay in this quiet room and wait for whatever happens next. The door opens, and Ben squints toward the change in light. “Still here,” Hux says, but the light, teasing tone is gone. “I suppose we have you to thank for the fleet of ships that just dropped out of light speed at our location?” “Hope so,” Ben slurs. “Because if I’ve accidentally signalled the Hutt fleet this is going to get very embarrassing, very quickly.” It occurs to him that he is sounding very much like his father, and he can’t help the small smile that comes with the thought. He feels close to Han Solo at this moment. The whole day turning out to be a series of disasters will do that, he thinks wryly. All he needs now is to find out the ship’s hyperdrive is down. “What a pathetic picture you make, Kylo Ren.” Hux saunters forward and crouches in front of Ben, who thinks idly how nice it would be if he were steady enough to Force-choke the man. How many times had he dreamed of doing just that? He tries for the Force, but it slips away from his control. The surge of power from the stimulant has faded, leaving him tired and exhausted and powerless once more. He can feel a shudder run though the ship, laser fire hitting somewhere close by, and he pictures Poe out there in space, no doubt talking non-stop to his fellow pilots. “Just do it, Hux,” he says tiredly. “Even your gloating is a second rate copy, and I’m tired of hearing it.” That flash of anger flies across the redhead’s face even as he draws his blaster, “Still trying to pretend you’re in charge,” he challenges. “Look at you now. Bleeding on the floor at my feet, no power, no weapon, and no Knights of Ren at your disposal. What do you have to boast of, Kylo Ren?” “I have my mother back. Maybe one day my uncle, too.” Hux sneers. “And I’ve made a friend,” he says, after thinking for a moment. “That was nice. I didn’t expect that.” He won’t mention Rey. Won’t take the risk that Hux might survive this skirmish and go after her. “A friend .” Hux lets out an incredulous laugh. “You- you’re serious.” Ben smiles, every part of his body aching, and the ringing in his ears intensifying. He’s hearing things, voices in his head. That’s not usually a good sign. “It’s all right, Hux,” he says, almost kindly. “You wouldn’t understand.” Then there’s a horrible high pitched metal screech, and a chunk of the ceiling drops down to land between them. Ben tips his head back, and there, silhouetted in smoke and lit by blaster fire, is Luke. Hux raises his blaster to shoot and it flies out of his hand at an absent gesture from the older Jedi. “Heyyy, Uncle Luke,” Ben says. “Good timing.” “I try,” Luke says drily. Ben doesn’t pass out during the transfer from one ship to the other, but he really, really wishes he had. Then one of the Rebels jolts his still-bleeding wrist as they lift him and he doubles over gasping. He hears Rey’s voice distantly, shouting, and then the world washes white. His mother is crying when he awakens. “M’sorry,” Ben says without even opening his eyes. The instinct is pretty well ingrained at this point. If Leia Organa Solo is crying, Ben caused it, somehow. She takes a couple of hitching breaths, then straightens and lifts her head. He can almost see her don the mantle: Princess/Leader/General. She has had to be so strong, his mother, for so very long. When all the men in her life let her down she never quit. She is the only one who has always stayed. “You have to stop this, Ben,” she says, firm and heartbroken. “I’m not doing it on purpose,” he protests. Also, this seems a little unfair. He’s fairly certain he hasn’t had any treatment beyond a cursory cleaning of his wounds and a low dose of painkillers. Probably they don’t have much in the way of facilities on whatever tiny ship they’d used to pursue him. He’s not at his best and he’s going to say something stupid. “You’ve paid enough ,” she says, utterly ignoring him. “You don’t owe the Rebellion your wasted life, or your continual pain and suffering.” “Better me than someone else,” Ben mutters, then winces. He hadn’t meant to say that out loud. This is what he’d meant by stupid. “No,” she says, and her mouth quivers. “No, Ben, it is not.” Her hand tightens on his, which is nice even though it hurts like blazes. “I didn’t mean-” “Yes you did, yes. You. DID .” She doesn’t shout but the intensity of her voice is like a steel blade. “I’ve allowed it to go on this far, but no more. I know you have guilt. We all do. But I cannot keep doing this, Ben,” and now she’s speaking in an agonized whisper that hurts worse than anything Hux could ever do. “Mother,” he says, and forces himself upright with a grunt, pats her hand clumsily, “I’m sorry. I am, I’m, I’m sorry. I’ll be more careful.” “You’ll be in that bunker under the Firdian Sea if you’re not careful,” she snaps, angry at the loss of control. He can’t help but smile at her, then bites back a moan as the burns on his chest flare hot and painful. He presses a hand over the wound. It really doesn’t help. “Can I help it if both my parents were stupidly brave?” he says. “I come by my recklessness honestly.” “Oh, now’s a fine time to trot out that silver tongue,” she says, but he can already tell the storm is passing. She presents a fine veneer of refinement, does Leia Organa Solo, but she’s always been just as fiery as her vagabond husband, and incapable of holding a grudge. Just as well, or his parents would have murdered each other before the first year was up. Sometimes Ben thinks her temper must be the only Anakin Skywalker trait that was left after her upbringing in Alderaan. He reaches for her hand. “I promise,” he says, very softly this time. “I really don’t do any of it on purpose. It just made sense to let myself be taken.” “Made sense because you were too stupidly overprotective to consider letting me be the bait,” Rey snaps from behind him, “or maybe both of us.” Ben’s eyes go wide. He hadn’t sensed her at all. Damned aftereffects of the drug. “You know I couldn’t-” “-I know you think I’m weak -” “-of course I don’t-” “-all that talk of how I can’t imagine what Hux is capable of, like Jakku was some sort of paradise-” “-I know you’re not weak, you took me on even when you’d never touched a lightsaber before and you very nearly beat me-” “-got this picture of fragile little Rey, as if-” “-have you thought for one minute of what it would mean if they had both of us? If they could use you to make me comply? They would have Kylo Ren under their thumb again in a heartbeat ,” Ben shouts, “I know you think I’m a monster-” “-I don’t think that stop saying that-” “-but I’m not such a monster that I could stand by and let them-” “-haven’t called you that for-” “-they wouldn’t even have to actually harm you, all they’d have to do is threaten you and I would do anything they ordered me to , you idiot-” Rey stops talking abruptly, and her mouth snaps shut. A second later, Ben hears the echo of his own words and snaps his own mouth closed. “Be-because of the bond,” Rey says unsteadily. Ben sighs. Slumps back against the bed. “Obviously,” he says, voice low. He keeps his eyes locked on his mother’s hand, still loosely clasping his. “Because of the bond,” she repeats. She sounds even less certain. “It’s bad enough just being parted for weeks on end,” Ben says after a long moment, and hopes she doesn’t notice the subject change. “I’m sure you can imagine how much infinitely worse it would feel to be on the other side of a door while your bondmate is being tortured.” Her eyes flash, “Yes I can,” she says. “And I don’t have to imagine, actually.” “Oh,” Ben says softly. “I didn’t realize. Sorry.” “ Sorry , he says.” Rey turns her exasperated eyes on Leia, who simply shakes her head, smiling. Rey takes a seat at his side and presses him to lie back. Once he’s lying down again she reaches for this other hand, grudging. Chapter 9 His mother leaves to transfer to another ship, a larger vessel that is holding the prisoners. She has to take care of some detail about Hux’s imprisonment and eventual trial. Ben and Rey sit in silence in the tiny ex-First Order shuttle that had managed to clamp on to the outside of Hux’s ship and give Luke a way in. “Do you know how many people have ever seen me cry?” Ben blinks at her and tries to sit up more. Thinks about it for a moment. Luke, probably. Perhaps his mother. “Uh. Only a few?” “Only one,” she says. “Only you .” He stares at her some more. “I don’t, I- I don’t understand what that means.” “Did you ever wonder why I can just get up in the middle of the night and leave your room and you never wake up?” “I-yes, I have wondered about it.” He’d come to a remarkably sentimental conclusion about it and had refused to think about it further in case he blushed himself to death. “Perhaps it’s for the same reason that I can stop myself crying in front of anyone else, but not you .” Ben’s breath catches in his throat. “Why was I able to save you that day?” Just when he thinks he’s ready for her, she switches topics and blindsides him again. “I saw you bleeding in that cage and I panicked and then I could just feel you there, in the back of my mind. But it wasn’t a new feeling. I realized that a few weeks later. You were already there, weren’t you? In my mind.” He lowers himself back against the pillows and lets out a slow breath. “Yes.” “Why were you already there?” “Because of Starkiller, ” he tells her. Ben has the sensation of standing at the top of a tall hill, staring down the slope. If he takes this step he’ll tumble all the way to the bottom. But perhaps it’s time for that fall. Perhaps it’s what has to happen. “Starkiller?” “When we… fought.” She blinks at him. “Did you think that was normal?” he asks. “Did you never ask Luke about it? Yes, Jedi can influence susceptible minds and they can sense emotions from others, especially if they project or have weak shields, but. What we did that day was… unprecedented. You had no training, you barely even understood what was happening but you dove into my mind like it was the ocean, like it was your plaything.” She stares at him, clearly replaying their past interactions in light of this new information. “Didn’t you ever wonder why you couldn’t just see into Luke’s mind the way you could mine?” “Yes,” she whispers. “I did wonder. I thought- he has better shields.” “Yes, he does have good shields,” Ben tells her. “But not better than mine. No. It was because our minds were compatible. So compatible. Generations ago they would have matched us up as children, encouraged us to grow together, train together.” “Why?” “To see if a bond would form. A Force bond.” “And that’s what we have.” Had no-one ever even named it for her? They really have made a mess of this, he thinks sadly. “Yes.” “And what does that mean?” He has to take a long slow breath before he can answer. “It means whatever we want it to mean.” She sits for a long time. “You said. More than a marriage, you said.” His breath catches. “I’ve seen marriages end,” he says quietly. “This never will.” He’s actually released from medical fairly swiftly. His stats are stable, likely because Rey was with him for hours on the flight home, and the types of wounds he’s bearing the Rebellion medics have, sadly, had plenty of experience at treating. He cleans up, changes into something that isn’t torn and bloodstained, and goes looking for Rey. They can’t leave the conversation where it had ended on the ship. He finds her in the maintenance hangar, of course. She can’t seem to stay away from the deconstructed ships, and he finds himself smiling for no reason. She’s in the midst of a good-natured argument with some of the mechanics and so he waits until she’s done, and then falls into step at her side. He’s not sure how to say what he wants to say. Then Rey stills. It’s so absolute that Ben stops, too, and glances down at her in surprise. She is always moving, his little scavenger. She is staring at something dead ahead, and Ben glances, tensing all over for the threat. Just inside the hangar is a Nagai male Ben doesn’t recognise and a Rebel pilot he hasn’t seen since well before Snoke’s death. He can’t remember the name- “Tema,” Rey says, the word emerging as if it’s involuntary. The pilot smiles at her, broad and warm and sure of his welcome. “Hey, Rey-girl.” He starts toward her. Ben goes cold all over. He’d been right about the threat, then. Just not the physical kind. “I-” the sound emerges half-strangled from Rey’s throat, and it doesn’t take much for Ben to reach out with the Force and read the waves of affection from Tema, and the waves of guilt from Rey. In an instant he understands, and he shifts his gaze from Tema’s broad, smiling face to that of the Nagai standing beside him. The Nagai is staring straight at Ben, intent and triumphant. She comes looking for him, hours later. Slinks into his room with her mouth set in a straight line and her hands wringing endlessly. “It’s fine,” Ben says before she can say anything. “I didn’t know how to-” “You were seeing him before – before Snoke?” he falters a little. Before the bond. She nods miserably. He shrugs. “Don’t look so sad, Rey. You haven’t done anything wrong.” She looks at the floor and bites her bottom lip. “Yes I have. I know I have.” Ben sighs. “I would have preferred you told me, that’s true. And if he doesn’t know about the bond yet, it would be smart to tell him yourself before someone else does. But we made no promises to one another, Rey-” “I just, I didn’t know what to do.” Ben remembers, suddenly his mother telling him she has no experience of relationships . “Yes,” he says, “I can see it would have been difficult.” She hadn’t planned on the bond, after all, and hadn’t really known the entirety of what she’d committed to. Suddenly her trips away make a lot more sense. The more she’d stayed, the stronger the bond would have felt, which must have felt like disloyalty to Tema. And yet, Ben’s physical condition had demanded she keep returning. He swallows, feeling a little sick at the thought that Rey has basically been his hostage all this time. “He’s- he’s nice . You know?” Ben’s eyes find his feet and his stomach starts a slow, rolling churn. Nice . Not something anyone will ever accuse him of being. Even Ben Solo is not a particularly nice guy. “He’s nice to me, I mean.” Unlike the man who tortured her and invaded her mind, Ben thinks. “And I-I didn’t really know how to- I mean, he wouldn’t get angry.” Every word is like a flogging. She adds, “About the bond, I mean. He wouldn’t lose his temper, he’s not that kind of-” “Rey,” Ben breaks in, “I’m sorry, I just.” He forces himself to take a deep breath and then says evenly, “I value your friendship, and I’m grateful for the bond, for what you did. I hope you know that. But I-I cannot be the person you confide in about him. I’m sorry, but I can’t do that.” It’s skating so close to an admission, but his mother is right. Rey is unschooled in relationships, especially of this kind, and she doesn’t understand what he is really saying right now. There’s a short, awkward pause. “I-oh. Um. Yes,” she says. “Sorry.” And she takes a few steps toward the door before whirling back to face him. “I can feel what you feel, you know,” she blurts in a rush. Ben freezes. His skin prickles all over like he’s been dipped in hot water. “I know you care about me.” Ah. He careless shrug from somewhere. “It’s hard not to care about the person who saved your life,” he manages. “But you also know for certain that I’m not angry with you. You can feel that, can’t you?” She nods, and he dips his head in a farewell, unable to meet her eyes as she shoots him a curious, hesitant gaze before the door closes behind her. He lets out his breath in a rush. She doesn’t mean she can read everything he feels, she doesn’t know what he holds hidden inside that touchstone in his mind. She means that she can tell when he has a sudden surge of affection for Rey, or when he reacts positively to her return. His secret is still safe. But not from Poe, of course. The other man must have been waiting for Rey to leave. He is at the door barely a minute later, and he takes one comprehensive look at Ben and lets out an explosive breath. He sinks down to sit on the bed at Ben’s side. “What do you wanna do,” he says after a long moment. “Nothing,” Ben says dully. “You wanna go flying?” Ben shakes his head. “Want to hit things?” Ben shrugs. “Want to make fun of the guy’s dumb haircut?” He blinks. Glances sideways. That wouldn’t have occurred to him, but... “I, actually, yeah, I do, a little.” Poe manages a half-hearted smile. “I mean, it’s like a bantha rolled in it or something.” “Or like he held a Corellian fern for too long and the static charge got him,” Ben offers. “Yeah.” Poe jostles him with one shoulder, and they lapse into silence once more. Ben has to swallow twice before he can say, “He’s …a good person?” Poe winces. “Yeah,” he says quietly. “Yeah, buddy, he’s a good guy.” “Good,” Ben says, nodding. “Good, that’s. Good.” He can’t seem to stop nodding. Poe turns to give him a long look. “Six hours,” he says suddenly. Ben frowns in confusion. “I need six hours rack time and then I can fly again. I have to make a run to Yavin some time this week to evaluate some new pilots, and you’re comin’ with me.” It’s not a question. Ben finds himself nodding. “Yeah,” he says, “yes, okay.” Ben nods once at him, acknowledgement of a move well made in a chess game he hadn’t known they were playing. He can’t remember encountering any other Nagai in the recent past, so the male is probably kin to Rothea, who died all those years ago in the Academy. Not that it matters. There have been plenty of victims of Kylo Ren, over the years. “I’ll leave you two to catch up,” Ben says, when Tema is only a few steps away. Rey whirls toward Ben, eyes wide, face flushed. He offers her a small smile, and he knows none of the ice he’s feeling shows on his face – there is enough of Kylo Ren still in him for that - but he has no idea what she can sense through the bond. Ben backs away, meets the Nagai’s eyes once more, and then leaves the two lovers to their reunion. Chapter 10 Rey leaves Ben’s room and wanders the corridors blindly for a few minutes. He’s not angry with her. He’d said it, and he was right, she can feel the truth of that. There had been no trace of anger in him. But earlier. In the hangar – he hadn’t been fast enough to conceal the flash of pain that had gone through him at that moment of realization, as Tema had said her name and given her that slow, intimate smile. For a moment she had been all agony, and it had taken a good half-second before she’d realized that she was feeling that through the bond, she was feeling it from Ben . His face hadn’t shown a single thing. Part of her is completely uncomprehending how he can look so stoic, so flat when she knows he’d been reeling from a body-blow. The other part of her is remembering all the scars visible on his body when he’d been suspended in the bacta tank and the raw sound of his voice as he’d said they have ways of making you not care . He’d been right, when they’d argued over the worst of Kylo Ren . Rey flinched again at what she’d said, without thought or care for his feelings. She had no way of understanding the kind of torture he’d talked about - the kind that separates you from your feelings because it’s the only way to survive. Sometimes I wanted to be invisible, she thinks. Even before Snoke, Ben Solo had been learning how to keep a stoic face for the curious crowds, hungry for stories of his legendary parents, his uncle the last Jedi. All the times he’s baited her, been deliberately rude… suddenly all of those remarks look like a different type of camouflage. Rey runs a hand along the railing, and she could smile at the irony if it weren’t so painful. On Jakku, she had been invisible. A nobody, a scavenger. Clothes designed to blend in to the desert, her home made inside the wreck of an Empire long past, just like the wrecks she scavenged every day. No-one had noticed her, and she had never understood how badly she wanted to be seen until she’d been stuck in a chair staring into Kylo Ren’s stunned, wondering eyes. She spends a long time up on one of the observation decks, staring out at the mountain view that’s almost as good as Ben’s, thinking about the villagers and the local workers who emphatically do not care about Kylo Ren. Her thumb runs over the pale green stone he’d gifted her as she thinks. “Tema,” she says when the door to his room slides open. “Can I come in?” “Of course,” he says, smiling. He sweeps out an arm in welcome. “I was wondering where you’d disappeared to.” She sinks down onto a chair and then rises again, knows she has to be on her feet for this. “Yes, I. I had to- there was someone I needed to-” She stops, frustrated and presses her hands to her head for a second. Eyes on the floor, she says, “I haven’t been honest with you.” Tema shifts, she can hear his boots on the floor, and then he sinks down onto a corner of the neatly made bed. “All right,” he says slowly. “About what?” “About where I go when I’m not on a mission, for a start. About why I come back here so often.” There’s a pause and then he says carefully, “You sound like you’re about to tell me you’re seeing someone else.” She makes a wordless, frustrated sound. “No, I’m not. But I am, I suppose. Argh , this is so-” she closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. Opens them and looks him in the eye. “The man I was walking with today, when I saw you?” Tema nods warily. “That was Ben Solo.” His eyes widen, “ That was Kylo Ren? That guy?” She nods once, though it feels wrong to agree to that statement, that name. And when had that changed for her, she wonders? He blinks a few times and looks away, thinking. “O-okay.” She waits, knowing he needs a few seconds to process. He’s been so patient with her – with her many hang-ups, her need for distance, her need to take it slow. She owes him this much. “So that’s the guy you’ve been training with.” She winces. “Yes. We have been training together, lately. Not in the beginning, though.” His eyes narrow. “You said-” “I said Master Luke wanted us to train together,” she finished for him. “That was true. But until recently Ben would never come to training when I was there.” “What aren’t you telling me, Rey?” She swallows hard and says it all in a rush. “I’m- we’re- I’m Force-bonded to him, to Ben. Not-not the whole time, it happened when he killed Snoke. He- he was dying, Snoke had-” “Force bonded to Kylo Ren?” Tema interrupts, sounding stunned. “How? What does that even mean? ” She bites her lip. “I- he was dying. I could- I reached out with the Force and I could feel him, I’m not even sure how it works, to be honest. But I could feel his mind and I just, I knew I could save him, and, and he was telling me not to, he said don’t do it, Rey but I couldn’t just let him die and so I just, I just grabbed on to him with my mind and I didn’t let go and now we’re… stuck with each other,” she ends miserably. “Permanently.” “Permanently?” She nods, biting her lip. “It’s for life. I’m pretty sure it can’t be broken.” Master Luke definitely would have brought it up by now if it could, he had not been pleased to arrive on the scene and find her clinging to his nephew’s hand, white as death. Tema lets out a long breath. “And you didn’t think I might want to know that?” She grimaces. “I knew you would. But I-” She makes a wordless, frustrated gesture. “I’ve been so confused . I didn’t know what to- I mean, I hated him. He, he killed his father and I watched it, he tried to tear the map out of my mind-” “But you saved him.” She throws her hands up, “I know! That’s just it - why did I- why did I do it? Why save him? He’s hurt so many people, but I just couldn’t let him die. And if I couldn’t explain it to myself, I just, I had no idea how to explain it to you.” Tema nods slowly at this, like it makes some kind of sense. Even that small bit of acceptance has Rey flushing red as the sun. “Uh, I’ve been so cowardly . I didn’t want to think about it, so I ran away as soon as I knew he wouldn’t die. I just wanted to forget it had ever happened. I didn’t talk to him, or to Luke, or to anyone. I just ran . And then I just… the weeks kept passing and I still hadn’t mentioned it, and I…” she trails off helplessly. He sighs. Rubs his hands along his thighs. “Well. That definitely wasn’t something I was expecting to hear.” “I know,” she says, and winces. “I’m sorry.” He nods, “Yeah, I can see that. And I guess I understand you wanting to- leave it behind. But, that was months ago, Rey. That’s a long time to keep a secret like this from me.” “I know,” she says, lower. “I know.” “And he didn’t know about me, did he,” Tema says. He’s clearly recalling this afternoon’s glimpse of Ben. “Because I was conveniently flying blockades in the Gevni system.” She shakes her head. “I know I was wrong,” she says. “I knew it the whole time, but. I didn’t want- I didn’t know how to tell you I’d done something so stupid.” He nods. There’s a long silence and then he says, “I think I need a little time to process before I’ll know what to say.” She nods, mouth wobbling. “Hey,” he says softly. “It’ll be okay. Okay?” When she stands, he rises too, sighs and pulls her into his arms. She collapses against him, fighting back tears. He’s been such a safe space for her. Someone totally outside the tight little group she’d stumbled into in the Rebellion, someone gentle and kind and patient. “I’m sorry,” she manages again, against his chest. When she leaves, her feet take her not to her own quarters, or the temporary ones assigned to Tema. They take her to Finn. “Hey, Rey,” he says with that beautiful, easy smile of his. “Come in.” Finn’s view is different to Ben’s. Not the huge sweeping vistas of the mountains for him. After so many years living on solely ships, he’d told her the mountains were too much. Instead he’d asked for something smaller, more intimate. His window looks onto the garden that is tended by the local workers, growing small fruit and herbs for cooking. There is a woman working there now, picking small white berries from a climbing vine. “What can I do for you?” Finn asks quietly. She can see him reflected in the window. “I don’t know,” she says shakily. “I’ve made a mess, and I’m not sure anyone can help me with it.” He’s quiet for a moment, then says, “So you were still seeing Tema. I wasn’t sure.” She swallows her guilt. Again. “I was.” Finn nods, takes a deep breath and says, “I heard he’s here.” She nods, unable to form words around the thickness in her throat. “Do you want advice? Or just some peace and quiet?” She manages a half-laugh, turning, and it becomes almost a sob. “Do you have any advice for me?” There is a tiny, gentle curve at the corner of his mouth. “Not really. You know I’m no better at this stuff than you are. Neither of us was really raised for all these… complications.” She looks him in the eye, lets him see the worries she’s been carrying, her guilt. Long before she’d met Tema, or before Ben Solo had shown up on Kashyyyk. She could tell Finn… liked her, as far back as Starkiller and Han Solo. But her all-consuming obsession with the Jedi, with finding Master Luke, and then with her training – it had left her no room to think of anything else. So she had ignored Finn’s feelings, and pretended they weren’t there until one day… he’d given up. And now he is looking at her with patience and kindness, no blame at all. It’s far more than she deserves. “I’m not good at these things,” he says again, “but I think I can tell you one thing I’ve learned from the people here. There are a lot of people here struggling with loss and guilt, and not sure how to move past it.” She shrugs. “At this point, I’ll take anything. Tell me I should consult an oracle and I’ll jump in a ship and go there.” “No oracle,” he says, a half-smile on his face. “Just this.” And he reaches out to take her hands in his. “Think about the last time you were truly troubled and alone. Upset, or sad, or frightened.” She blinks at him. “Close your eyes and think about it,” he says. “Remember what it felt like.” She does so, obediently. There’s been so much upheaval in her life recently, it’s almost as though there are too many too chose from, and then she suddenly remembers feeling so alone, on that planet, Chewie ferrying the injured to the nearest starbase while she remained behind to search for any survivors Hux might have left. The rage in her heart had frightened her, picking her way through the wreckage of such senseless destruction. “Maybe you wanted comfort,” Finn says. “Someone by your side. Not necessarily to help. Just to be there.” She nods slowly. “Who was it you wished for, Rey?” Her eyes fly open and meet his. “Oh,” she says. Finn lets go of her hands, and smiles. She flings her arm around him and hopes she is giving him some measure of comfort, the way he does for her. “Thank you, Finn,” she whispers. “Thank you so much.” She skips the evening meal and finds herself back at Tema’s door as the base settles into the stillness of night. “Hello,” he greets her, tone calm as ever. For a moment she is overcome with affection for him, for how good he has been to her, and she surges forward to wrap her arms around him. He tips her chin up with a finger and kisses her slow, easy. There’s forgiveness there, so easily, and she knows she doesn’t deserve it. Rey pulls back a little and says, “Before I- I should tell you the rest of it. So you know, well. Everything.” “All right,” Tema says, and ushers her in. The doors close behind her. “Tell me.” Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Grenade 'verse series