Here’s the secret: the point of justice is to make sure that it never happens again. What has been done cannot be undone. Killing a murderer does not restore the dead and torturing a torturer does not heal the scars. Stones dropped into a deep lake cannot be taken out again; vengeance does not turn back time. And yet, we say: this is justice. We think it is fair, even, as if a balance has been righted, a debt repaid. We call this justice: the one who has caused suffering has been made to suffer. So what is the purpose of punishment? Why do we bother? Is it an excuse for bloodlust? A warning to others? An attempt to heal the unhealable? Well, yes, except - T=-7 “Prologue” The first time General Hux dies, it is in a maelstrom of blasterfire on some blasted-clean planet forsaken by the Force and the Republic. Snoke is dead and Kylo Ren with him, Phasma long missing; the Order lies in ruins. You cannot build a pyre for an idea, but if you could, Hux would have built a grander one than this: himself, alone, trapped under the cover of a half-ruined command center wall by blaster fire. The rest of High Command is dead or captured. No one has responded to Hux’s comm calls in hours. There’s no one left, except for him and the Resistance. He figures they have orders to take him alive. He glances down at the charge left on his blaster, and decides not to let them. (The first time General Hux dies it is like this: it is the smell of charred flesh and ash, it is the taste of metal and ozone, the barrel of a primed blaster between his teeth. It is futile rage trapped in his throat; it is cursing the Resistance and the Jedi and Ren and the Scavenger Girl and -) (The first time General Hux dies it is like this: without hesitation, because he’s never hesitated in firing a weapon in his life.) (It is like this: -click- -and then nothingness) T=-6 “Bile and Blasterfire” Hux wakes to sunlight and clean air and a woman staring down at him. “Sir, are you all right?” He pushes up from the ground – and promptly hunches over, vomiting up what feels like blaster fire but is in fact ordinary bile. He wipes his face with a hand that does not look like his – fingernails ragged, fingers too short, worn rough by manual labor. His first thought, impossible, habitual: Ren, what did you do? “Sir, if you need help…” He glares at the woman and her concerned expression. He must not be in Order Space, if this woman has wandered away from what she should be doing to waste time on a stranger. “Order Space”, hah. Whatever is left of it. Hux swallows down another mouthful of bile. “Sir, you’re – this is the Ralkan district, on Hosnian Prime. Do you – do you know how you got here?” His first thought: this is impossible. His second, slightly hysterical: someone is apparently trying to make a point. (Well, yes , except -) General Hux stares at the woman he will one day eliminate and says, in a voice that does not sound like his own, “No, I do not.” The woman tries to get his attention, even going so far as to put her hand on his arm when he stands– he pushes it off, and ignores her further attempts at conversation. Instead, he takes stock. Immediate issues: He is not in his own body The skin is too rough, the hair too dark and long, hanging over his face. The shapes are all wrong. There is something different about his eyesight but he cannot establish what. He appears to be full human, at least. He is apparently on Hosnian Prime, or at least he is being told so Starkiller left nothing but ashes and radiation. Rebuttal: this woman isn’t acting like an agent. His arrival was not anticipated Either possibility requires validation. Regardless of the reason, he is in unfriendly territory with no resources Potential explanations: He has been transferred through time and place Unlikely, if not impossible. Ren claimed to be able to see through time upon occasion, but Ren claimed a lot of things. This is an elaborate construction by the Resistance for some reason Possible, but highly unlikely. The Republic was wasteful, but what appeared to be an entire city just prove some obscure point? He was hallucinating before his death Highly unlikely. Why would his mind produce /this/? Here’s a memory: Ren, arrogant and confident, building an illusion around them, trying to prove a point about how easily a mind could be fooled; all Hux had learned was the tells of an illusion pretending to be reality Here’s a problem: none of these options are likely. Here’s another: he died . He’s certain. He tasted ozone and plasma, felt the burn and then the emptiness, the wide gaping /nothing/ and then – here. Hux shakes his head, snarling at the lankness and length of his hair, and walks away from the woman. His stride is all wrong and he nearly trips, unused to this - shape. The woman doesn't try to follow him, at least. Everything is too bright, gravity all wrong, and his balance keeps shifting, but he gets far enough to lean against a tree without being stopped. Stop. Evaluate the situation. He glances around like he’s surveying a battlefield. His observations: No one is watching him, any more than reasonable for a disheveled man stumbling along the street. Those that give him notice look at him with concern and confusion than alarm or suspicion. No one is looking at him like a target. Demographics of those around him: both human and non, though humans seem to have slim majority. Largely adults, though sometimes in the company of young. No visible gender disparity. Economic markers seems appropriate for the Capital of the Republic – much more affluent than any Outer Rim planet, and much showier than any Order Planet. He is in a city, or an impressive facsimile of one. There are no visible boundaries to indicate the edge of the active containment zone or holo-chamber, but they may be subtle. There are ways to tell, but not without getting closer. In the distance, he sees what appears to be the Senate building, gleaming transparisteel and metal. There are no visible guards, no security check points. Hux looks around again, but sees little evidence of security cameras or observation droids. Here’s a fact: Observation 4 is the most unsettling. If this were a ruse, they would want eyes on him at all times. He steps away from the tree, narrowing his eyes when his actions garner no extra attention. He walks slowly, mindful of being several inches shorter now and of planetside gravity. Shops line the street, displaying expensive holo readers and luxuries. Hux sneers at them as he passes, and then, in the reflection of polished chrome signage, he pauses. Here’s a fact: There is no technology that Hux knows of – and he knows many – that allows for the transfer of consciousness and memories from one body to another. Droids may have their minds transplanted an infinite number of times, but no technology exists for biologics. Cloning only copies the body, not the mind, and any attempts at the transplant of a mind causes irrevocable damage. Here’s another fact, equally unavoidable: it is not his face in the reflection of the shop sign. It is not just the hair, or the skin tone – it is the structure, the sharp angles of his face gone soft and out of place, and his eyes, always ice green and sharp, are suddenly brown and warm. Here’s an explanation, half frantic, in the back of his mind: there are ways to change appearances, even this drastically, even changing his height and his eye color and his face - (Here’s a rebuttal: but /why/, General? Who would spare the expense, the time? Your nearly-dead allies? The wreckage of the Republic? What would the point be?) Hux blinks eyes that are not his, and glances around until he finds a public data station, set up for visitors to the capital. He does not, initially, look at any of the tourist information splashed across the screen – instead, his attention stays on the line of text tucked in the corner: the local date and time. If it is accurate, then in less than seven hours Starkiller will fire and destroy this planet. His first impulse: hysterical laughter. His first thought: Someone /is/ trying to make a point, aren’t they? His second thought: But who? The Republic wouldn’t bother. No one else would have the resources. (You know what’s happening, General. You’ve never backed away from the facts before, have you?) Hux flips through the information stored on the data station. Nearest spaceport – hours away on foot. He rifles through the pockets of his clothing – no credit chips, nothing to indicate an identity, nothing with which to barter or defend himself. Options: Try to find a way off planet Requirements: Vessel with hyperspace capability Sub requirements: identification suitable for intergalactic travel, credits necessary for travel on short notice, verification to reach atmo without being stopped Feasibility: Practically impossible. Contact the Order to give them a warning of what would come Requirements: secure intergalactic comm connection, access to First Order comm lines, the comm address of someone who would listen to his warning and be able enact it Resources: Access codes to the High Command of the Order, stored within his memory; a reasonable skill with computers; a knowledge of who would be most useful to send a warning to. Feasibility: difficult, close to impossible. Anyone sending a warning using Hux’s access codes from Republic Space would be treated as a spy at best, and disregarded in any case. Success would depend on luck and questionable security protocols. Here’s the conclusion: he’s stuck, powerless and unable to change anything. Here’s the galling part: he could change events to come, if only he had more /time/. 24 hours, or even 12. Here’s a fact: the First Order believes in structure, in organization. People accept the roles that have been set for them, living within the confines of a situation built for them. Here’s another fact: Hux believes this is the best way. Of course he does. (Here’s a secret, General: you don’t though, not really. You have always been the one snarling a challenge at the galaxy, daring it to face you – you are the usurper of fate, the tamer of stars, not the confined but the confiner. For everyone who lives by the rules there must be someone who writes them.) (The rules are always different for you, aren’t they?) (Here’s another secret, though: don’t feel bad, General – this is the nature of every mortal, an inherent hypocrisy in the conscious mind. Everyone does it sometimes, even the ones who try very hard not to. In this at least, you’re not worse than anyone else.) (But you’re not any better, either, and how you must hate it.) (Here’s the truth, General: this is a lesson. Will you learn it?) Hux snarls, pushes too-long hair out of his eyes, and starts walking towards the space port. It’s better than doing nothing. Hux thumps against the wall of the alleyway, hours later, cold and hungry and furious . He is certain, now, that this experience is real (here’s a secret: he always trusts his own instincts most of all) that he has somehow been thrown through time and space, but he has no idea /why/ and that is a snarling knot of frustration underneath the chill and hunger and indignity of it all. Not only is he in the past on a doomed Republic planet, cold and hungry and /dirty/, but whatever damned force - or Force - responsible for it couldn’t even be bothered to explain. Here’s a secret: Hux almost wishes Ren had survived Snoke’s death and was here, just so that Hux could shout at him. “Sir, are you all right?” Hux jerks back, glaring at the woman who spoke, tempted to ignore her like he had ignored others earlier. He thinks about it: refusing the implied offer of help or any admission of weakness, and instead waiting for Starkiller with his dignity. He never gave into mortal weaknesses when he was a cadet, damned if he’s going to now. Here’s a rebuttal: he is tired and sweaty and hungry, and he has no idea how much colder it will get now that the sun has set. He can swallow his pride for a few hours – he’s learned how, over the years - and there’s no dignity in freezing to death in an alley. He meets the woman’s eyes for a long moment, but doesn’t speak. Asking for help is worse, somehow, than putting his blaster down his throat. That was refusing to be taken alive – this feels like the surrender that that wasn’t. (Here’s a secret: he has learned how to swallow his pride since he was a teenager, but every time it goes down like bile and blasterfire.) The woman catches his expression and one side of her mouth quirks. She’s a blue twi’lek, her lekku bound up with colorful leathers and beads. “Here’s an easier question. Do you have somewhere to stay tonight?” Hux smiles thinly and shakes his head. “Would you like a shower and a hot meal?” “I would,” he says as neutrally as he can manage with a parched throat coated only with swallowed pride. “I don’t have much to offer in return, I’m afraid.” He has any number of ideas about what she might demand of him in return – sexual favors, maybe, she /is/ a twi’lek after all; maybe she’d try to sell him into slavery, but even that would be a way /off/ this damned planet; maybe she’d just try to murder him, but even in this strange and unfamiliar body he’s certain he can best her. Here’s a fact: on an Order world, he would have to do no such calculations; any vagrancy would be prevented before it occurred by government intervention and full employment. If a vagrant was found, having fallen into that state through carelessness or a refusal to participate in the system, they would be taken in for evaluation and reeducation. Every effort would be expended in returning them to functionality and usefulness. There are no kidnappers out to exploit the homeless because there were no homeless to exploit. (Here’s a secret, except not really: there are always people unwilling to be useful, no matter the effort expended on them. Those people are purged.) To his surprise, the twi’lek woman laughs, small bells attached to her lekku jingling. “No payment, but if you wanna help with the cooking I won’t turn you down.” She laughs again when he frowns. There must be a cost, and he hates not knowing what it is, but he has few options. He will be wary. (Here’s a fact: he’s usually wary.) “My name is Kaja; I run the free clinic down in the square?” She ways this like she expects him to recognize it, so he nods. “Yours?” “…Elan.” His middle name is unrecognizable enough. “Well Elan,” the woman says, one lekku swinging over her shoulder with a jangle of bells, “Follow me and we’ll get something warm in you, alright? It’s not far.” She starts walking, and for lack of better options, he follows her. The woman chatters as she walks, a friendly counterpoint to the jingling of her lekku. Hux splits his attention, half watching the path they take and half listening to her talk about local shelters and government assistance. Here’s a surprise: she doesn’t ask any questions. Here’s another surprise: the place she leads him to is not a government building or an abandoned warehouse, but a house in the local style. On an Order controlled world it would contain a half a battalion, at least, but in the decadent Republic it probably houses a single family… or possibly a pet. There are cool blues and flowers and a /lawn/, because in the capital of the Republic they wastes space and water on /grass/. Laying on the grass, a human woman looks up from her datareader. Sharp brown eyes snap to Kaja, and then to Hux, and then she thunks her head down with an audible groan. “Kaj, we /talked/ about this….” Kaja smiles, all innocent, and waves at the woman. “Naira, darling! This is Elan, he’s going to be borrowing our washing machine and shower for a bit. There’s enough for an extra serving of dinner, right?” The woman rubs the bridge of her nose with a thumb and forefinger. Kaja half turns. “Elan, this is Naira, my wife. She’s harmless.” “Unless you hurt my wife,” Naira drawls, glaring, “In which case I’ll stab you with a stylus.” “Naira!” Kaja chides, though she’s still smiling. Hux wants to sneer at how /domestic/ it is, the affection and familiarity. They’re doomed, with less than a half-cycle to live, and they’re oblivious to it. It’s sickening, how connected they clearly are. (That’s not what it is, General.) Here’s a fact: Hux has not used a water-based shower in 17 years, since his first shipboard assignment. Though he was allocated enough water for one on the Finalizer, he never used it – he finds the idea distastefully inefficient. Indulgent. Here’s another fact: Hux does not indulge himself. He will, occasionally, reward himself with a cigarra, or dedicate an evening to drink if necessary, but such things are self-maintenance. He is not Ren, flying on impulse and demanding all manner of comforts; and he is not the Republic, wasting effort and resources on meaningless softness instead of efficient /work/. Hux stands in the bathroom and glares up at the showerhead. He resents everything about this inexplicable and uncomfortable situation, but somehow being forced to participate in this /wastefulness/ is the most galling. Again, he considers spending the night on the street, unfed and unwashed, and watching the death of the planet alone. He shakes his head, discarding the idea once more. Using a water shower is distasteful, but he’s done distasteful things before. Here’s an angle: this is the heart of the Republic, and this is access he would have never had as General of the Order. He is in the private home of Republican citizens, being treated as an ally or at least not an enemy. Here’s a plan, then: treat it as an information gathering mission, as insight into the Republic at its height. In less than 5 hours the planet will be destroyed, and him with it, so take advantage while he can. Here’s a principle: All information is useful information, given the right context. He might not know the context of this experience yet, but that’s no excuse. Here’s a secret: Hux has no particular emotion about his own death, past perhaps a vague sense of annoyance. He would prefer to survive, of course, but having established that as impossible, he will get what use out of it he can. (Here’s another secret: even though it takes him a few minutes to remember how to operate the shower, when Hux steps into the spray of water, it feels so good that if he were a religious man, he would call it sinful.) Hux emerges in his borrowed clothing, damp and resentful, and – pauses. “Mew?” The cat perched on the bed tilts its head at him, and then stretches across a pillow. It’s cream colored, with grey points, and seems supremely unconcerned with the strange human in its territory, even when Hux inches closer. It’s missing a front leg, he realizes, though there’s an interface for an artificial one. Here’s a fact: General Hux bears no softness and little concern for living creatures beyond their utility to the Order. Here’s a secret, however: Hux is fond of cats. Here’s a memory, long buried: Armitage Hux, hardly old enough to recognize the weight of his own name, coaxing his mother’s aging cat towards him. It was standoffish and proud, full of fluff and arrogance. Mother snuck it scraps of dinner when she thought she could get away with it. Father only tolerated it while it was still a decent mouser. The cat had eventually tolerated his touch, licking its paws as he’d stroked its back, marveled at the soft fur and sharp claws. It was the deadly grace that appealed to him, then, even more than the softness – it was the confidence, the danger, the prickle of claws. It was the first thing, he thinks now, that felt like it was his – as if in coaxing the beast to allow him to pets its ears and brush its fur, he had stolen a chunk of it from his mother, staked a claim on its loyalty. (That’s not what happened, General, and you know it. It was not the cat’s loyalty that had been claimed.) (You fed that cat scraps long after your father tried to get rid of it for being useless. And when he’d caught you at it, he made you throw it outside. A lesson, he’d called it, about coddling uselessness.) (It sat meowing under your window for days. You could have opened the window, but you didn’t. Do you /remember/, General? And then you found out that one of the local families had started taking care of it, one of the families from before the Order came there, and all you felt was relief and guilt for your relief – father had said that death would be better than uselessness, and you believed him, of course you did, /except/ -) (-except, and here’s a secret: you were always very careful with cats, after that. You made sure that they were not unduly harmed on your ships, allowed them a dignified retirement in their old age when they could no longer hunt. It raised morale, you said, to let the officers have a pet. And it did, but that wasn’t why you did it.) The cat rubs its head against Hux’s fingers, purring as he scratches its ears. He’d known, of course, that the destruction of the Hosnian system would result in the destruction of the ecosystems and animals on them, even though they were only peripheral of the crimes of the Republic. Here’s the thing: Starkiller was never meant to be precise. And here’s the truth of it: the power of Starkiller was not in its efficiency or its destructive capabilities – the power of Starkiller was in its /symbolism/: of the Empire reborn and resplendent, with its greatest weapon made even greater; of the complete destruction of not just the Republic Senate, but of its planet, and all planets associated; of taming not just sentient life but claiming the strength of the very stars; of doing in a single attack what a hundred years of war would not do. It was not just about the destruction of the Senate – it was about /sending a message/. The cat puts its front paw around his wrist, mewing plaintively, and he rubs its paw with his thumb. It pushes its head into his hand to encourage a more thorough stroking. Symbolic gestures such as this always come with a cost. The resources that would no longer be available, and the area of space that would be rendered unusable due to debris and radiation – and, of course, the deaths of those not directly involved in the running of the Republic. A necessary sacrifice for the new Order. Hux gives in to the insistent mewing and lifts the cat into the crook of his elbow, scratching at its stomach absently. This friendly creature will die too, he thinks, for the sins of its owners. Unfortunate, but unavoidable. “Well,” Kaja says with a smirk when he emerges from the guest room with a cat in his arms, “Guess it’s too late to ask if you’re allergic to cats.” Hux inclines his head, and kneels to set the cat on the floor. “I took her leg off for 30 seconds to polish it, and she runs off. Didn’t you, you little furry brat,” Kaja says, kneeling to pick up the cat and tap it gently on the nose with a prosthetic leg, “You just had to find out if the new guest was vulnerable to cuteness, didn’t you?” The cat mews, bats once at the prosthetic, and then abandons it in favor of batting at the jingling bells hanging from Kaja’s lekku. Kaja laughs, and wiggles her lekku obligingly. “You know that’s why she jumps on your head when you leave them on in bed, right?” Naira shouts from another room – the kitchen, presumably. The human woman comes out, her long pink hair bound up in a bun, and leans against the entryway. “And then you complain that she wakes you up.” Kaja twists just enough to stick her tongue out at her wife, which was of course ignored. Naira instead glances at Hux, her expression shuttering instantly. “Come on and help cook, you.” “All right, here’s the deal.” Naira says, not looking up from the pot she stirred absently with one hand. Hux had been set on chopping vegetables, and faced them with the same grudging resentfulness as he had the water shower. Here’s a fact: Hux, like many Order members of his generation, had lived most of his life under either Republic Sanctions or shipboard rationing. Fresh vegetables were a luxury in his childhood and an impossibility afterwards. He occasionally had them while on mandated planetside leave, or at diplomatic events, but he never sought them out. Rations were sufficient. Naira pulls the spoon out of the pot and gestures with it. “After dinner, we’ll see you off to one of the hostels, they always give Kaja a discount for these things.” Another vague gesture with the spoon. “If you manage to stay out of trouble for, say, a week, I’ll get on the paperwork for citizenship and get you set up with job placement, all right?” Hux swallows another mouthful of blasterfire pride and says nothing. “And if you /don’t/ stay out of trouble,” and here Naira looks at him, her smile a razor thin line, “I’ll deport you myself. Clear?” In hours, this planet would be destroyed with everyone and all their plans on it. Hux inclines his head, and goes back to chopping vegetables. Hux sits at a Republican dinner table, eating some sort of stir fry filled with vegetables he would have never afforded as a child, a cat padding around the table legs on cushioned paws. He says little, and watches the clock. "Now, of course, I'm working on training someone to take over the clinic," Kaja chatters between bites. Her lekku gesture instead of her hands, jingling slightly with each move. "Just in case something happens, or if I wanna do a trip around the Rim." Hux pauses in his meal, just half a second. He tilts his head at her. He has not spoken, but Kaja looks over to him regardless. "You're Rim-born, right?" Hux raises his eyebrows. "You've got a bit of the accent, every now and then." His lips twist down. Here's a fact: many officers in the Order do in fact have a Rim-accent, or more accurately, a blended accent of their parent's Imperial with the local speech patterns where they settled. The Imperial accent was encouraged, of course. Here's a secret: Hux spent hours practicing with old holo tapes of Imperial officers to make sure that his consonants were sharp and his diction clear. Here's another secret: he's never been able to throw the Rim accent entirely, though. It only comes out when he's drunk or exhausted, and he makes a practice to be neither where people can see him. “When I was young,” He finally says into the silence. “I haven’t been back in some time.” "Oh, okay, I see." Kaja says, gesturing with her lekku again. She puts down her fork so that she can gesture with her hands as well. "Well, okay. The Outer Rim regions are just…. You know how they are. No infrastructure, no hyperspace routes, maybe a dozen teaching hospitals in the entire region…” "It's also /dangerous/," Naira says, with the tone of a long repeated argument. "Because there are pirates and slavers and the First Order goons, and that's why we will not be going there." Hux is almost offended by "goons", but decides to ignore that in favor of listening. "People still need medical care even in the Outer Rim," Kaja replies in the same tone. "And the Republic isn't helping them. If there were enough infrastructure to support a society and an economy, then the Order wouldn't have any supporters." Naira crosses her arms, eyebrows up. The cat rubs around Hux's feet, begging for scraps. "I'm not saying the Order is a good thing, you know that. What I'm /saying/ is that the people in the Rim have legitimate needs for medicine and power, and the Order supplies them. Supply those needs, and then the Order won’t have a support base, and the area will be safer.” "I know, I know. Which is why what we should do is get the government involved, and expand the infrastructure to the regions that need them, not put private citizens at risk." Kaja huffs a breath. "If that worked, it would have been done already. You shout at politicians enough, and if you can't convince them, no one can." She winks. "And I just. People need help and they're not getting it under the Order, not at a fair price, and you know I can't stand that." Naira quirks a smile. "And you know I can't stand the thought of you getting hurt, darling." Her smile fades as she glances to the side, seemingly remembering some remnant of manners. "And here we go talking politics in front of a guest, even." "No, this is fascinating." Hux says, his head propped in one hand. He's given up on food, as hungry as he was. It doesn't seem to be worth it to force past the nausea and burns in his throat, considering how little time is left. Here's a surprise: he is not lying. This is not a view of the Republic he is used to. (You wanted to know about the Republic, General. Well, listen up.) "It’s been some time since I’ve been on the Rim," He says, intentionally vague. "but I have seen many of the problems you mention. Poverty, overpopulation, crime, collapsing economies, lack of medical care or support systems. It is... systemic." Here's a surprise, at least to some: Hux does in fact know about all the problems of the Rim regions. He was informed of every market collapse, every disaster, every epidemic. If he intends to rule, and he did, he wanted to know every detail of the state of his subjects. The death of the Empire had abandoned these people, but the remnants of the Empire would not abandon them again. “Many people,” He continues, “feel that the Republic has abandoned them and only cares about the Core worlds.” Hux looks down and pushes something green around on his place. "I’m surprised to hear that there is a push to get involved there." Here is the propaganda line: The Republic has abandoned you. The Republic has no interests in the suffering of the people in the Outer Rim. The Republic is self absorbed, selfish, only interested in hoarding its wealth and comforts, unconcerned for the fates of any outside of the Core. Here's the truth: Hux believes the propaganda. Of course he does. There are things the masses must be told to placate them, but this is not in its number. This is the state of the galaxy. “Well, we’re just getting started, really.” Kaja gestures with her lekku again. On the floor, the cat chases the sound of jingling bells up and looks to be considering a jump. "The idea right now is to provide humanitarian aid and medical training on Rim Planets, and if we can swing it some economic support, so that they'll be less vulnerable to people who demand they give up their sentient rights in order to survive. We're working on permits and things, and while I know a pretty great lawyer," Here Kaja pauses to wink at her wife, who just smirks in return, "It's still a pretty complex problem." "If you get your citizenship sorted out," Naira cuts in, getting Hux's attention with a lazy gesture with a fork, "You can get involved, if you want. Pay wouldn't be much, but it would be paid. We could use a few more Rim born people involved, frankly." "Oh, that would be great!" Kaja smiles at him, her lekku jingling. "/And/ you'd get to see Sophie more often, and she already likes you. Even if she's trying to get scraps right now, the spoiled little furball." Sophie - oh, the cat. "Yes, I see you down there, brat." The cat only mews in response. In two hours, all of their plans and ideals will be destroyed. There were no plans to assist the Outer Rim, after Starkiller. There were no humanitarian missions. The galactic economy collapsed, which had been expected and planned for - but the Order was not able to step into the gap, unable to give the support that had been intended when all of its credits and effort had to be expended after the destruction of Starkiller. There was only survival and revenge, for the Republic. (Did that really surprise you, General? Is that the result you wanted, General?) "...We'll see," Hux says, and then says nothing more for the remainder of dinner. The cat on the floor rubs against his legs and purrs, begging for scraps like the spoiled Republic beast it is. "Sorry about the wait, the hostels are all pretty busy right now," Kaja says, afterwards, sitting next to him on the couch in the front room. Naira is off in what is apparently her office, but Kaja insisted on staying with Hux. "But we should have a ride for you soon. It might be a bit of a drive from here though. I can give you my comm number if you need it." "That won't be necessary," Hux says, glancing at the time, and then out the bay windows. Soon, he thinks. He could turn on the news – his speech should be broadcasting now – but he doesn’t. He stands, and walks to the window. There isn’t much view of the sky, but there’s enough. A faint desire for privacy makes him say, over his shoulder, “You can stay with your wife. I’ll be fine.” (Is that really why you said it, General? For /privacy/?) Kaja clicks her tongue at him, but stands, her cat purring at her feet. “Allright, but let me know when you leave, okay?” Hux just smirks, inclines his head, and says nothing as he goes back to watching the sky alone, calculating travel time and wormhole lag in the back of his mind. The second time General Hux dies, he is alone in an enemy land, in borrowed clothes and borrowed space. Swallowed pride still scrapes in his throat, bile and blasterfire at not being able to influence the course of history, but he’s soothed as much as he can be at the knowledge that he is, at least, dying in the firing of his glorious weapon and will not live to see its destruction again. He would rather not die with the Republic still standing, of course, but given the options available, dying in Starkiller’s light is preferable. There’s a sort of elegance to it, he decides, being killed by something he himself made. Tolerable, if not ideal. (The second time that General Hux dies, it is like this: a beam of red light in the sky, dark outlines left on the carpet behind him and his eyes burning from radiation. And then - a crack as the beam breaks through the planet’s crust and the planet’s core starts to explode.) (The second times he dies it is almost, but not completely painless, and some part of him is disappointed by that.) (The second time is, at least, quick.) Notes: CW: suicide, on screen death of main character, off screen death of everyone, genocide, historical mistreatment of a cat alternative chapter title: hux learns nothing and everything is sad