Baby you don't have to rush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place We don't need to keep it hush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place Stuck in a limbo Half hypnotized Each time I let you stay the night, stay the night Up in the morning Tangled in sheets We play the moment on repeat, on repeat Lieutenant Emily Reynolds was sitting up in her boyfriend Lieutenant Mitaka's bed as she woke up. She turned to see her adorable boyfriend still asleep, so she kissed his forehead and got up, then she picked up Mitaka's shirt from the previous night and put it on. She headed to the bathroom brush her teeth. Deciding that she wanted to spend more nights with Mitaka, she got herself a spare toothbrush as well as small bottles of shampoo, conditioner, and body wash to keep in his bathroom. When you're standing there in your underwear And my t-shirt from the night before With your messed up hair And your feet still bare Would you mind closing the bedroom door? Emily then went to the kitchen and opened the fridge to get some ingredients to make breakfast. "Cute underwear," a voice startled Emily. Emily turned around to see Mitaka standing behind her. "Hello to you too," Emily giggled. "I want to cuddle again, let's go back to bed," Mitaka said. "Ok, let's go," Emily said as she followed her boyfriend back to his room. "Would you mind closing the door?" Mitaka asked as he laid down in his bed. "I don't mind at all," Emily responded as she shut the door then went to lay down with Mitaka. Baby you don't have to rush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place We don't need to keep it hush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place I just, I just can't let you go Give me something I've never known So baby you don't have to rush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place No need to question next time we meet I know you're coming home with me, home with me Sweat like a sauna Break out the ice I know you're gonna stay the night, stay the night "We should do this more often," Mitaka said. "Oh we will. I got an extra toothbrush to keep here. I'll be here again tonight," Emily responded. "Good. Because I get so lonely without you here," Mitaka pouted. "Aww me too baby," Emily said, and they cuddled for another hour. When you're standing there in your underwear And my t-shirt from the night before With your messed up hair And your feet still bare Would you mind closing the bedroom door? Baby you don't have to rush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, At my place We don't need to keep it hush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, At my place I just, I just can't let you go You give me something I've never known So baby you don't have to rush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, At my place After an hour of cuddling they decided to get up and make breakfast together, which consisted of pancakes, bacon, and eggs. They even turned on some music and started dancing while cooking. As they danced and cooked, they also got into a playful flour fight. They played around for another ten minutes until Emily spoke up. "Ok, let's make sure nothing burns," she said. "Oh! Yeah, you're right," Mitaka said, but luckily nothing burned. They continued cooking and dancing, whiled covered in flour. After about an hour of cooking, they finally were able to eat. "You're an amazing cook Starfish," Mitaka said. "Aww thanks Dolphin! So are you," Emily told him. Once they were done eating, they helped each other with the dishes and cleaned up the kitchen. "I'm gonna take a shower," Emily said. "I'll join you," Mitaka responded. "Yay!" Emily said as they went to the bathroom to take a shower. Cause I don't want this to end And there's no need to play pretend If you stay with me again Would you mind closing the bedroom door? Once Emily and Mitaka were out of the shower they got dressed and decided to hang out in the living room. "Let's dance some more," Mitaka suggested. "Yeah!" Emily said as she turned the music on and they both stared dancing. Baby you don't have to rush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place We don't need to keep it hush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place I just, I just can't let you go Give me something I've never known So baby you don't have to rush You could leave a toothbrush At my place, at my place "Hold on, I need to get something. I'll be right back," Mitaka said as he ran to his room. A few seconds later he came back out and was strumming a guitar. Emily started laughing and twirling around. A half hour later they eventually got tired from dancing and snuggled on the couch. "That was fun," Emily said. "It sure was," Mitaka responded. "I love you Dolphin," Emily told him. "I love you too Starfish," Mitaka said and they kissed. "I'm so sleepy. Dancing wore me out," Emily said. "Same here. I guess I'll take a nap now. Good nap," Mitaka said as he kissed Emily's forehead. "Nappy nap. Nap tight," Emily giggled. "Don't let the nap bugs bite," Mitaka chuckled, then they fell asleep. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 5 of the The First Order's Sweethearts series Next Work →