The Decision Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) “Ma’am, do we have your answer?” You had thought that taking this remote job on Takodana could hide you away from this inevitable outcome, but you were sorely mistaken. ‘..I hereby agree to the above terms following employment issued by First Order Authorities to act as Chief Psychologist to the cause..’ Your hand gripped tight to the datapad you were holding, your knuckles turning a sickly white as you were mulling over the future that was simply printed on the screen before you. Naturally, you had asked why it was that amongst all the other psychologist in the galaxy that you were chosen, but it simply boiled down to the fact that everyone else they had asked down right refused them. For reasons all too known to you. Your eyes kept flickering back to the portion of the contract that held your salary balance — never in your life had you seen so many zeros. Not to mention you would be getting your own apartment on base amidst the other officers, and another private apartment amongst one of their destroyers called the Finalizer. This should be an easy decision...Right? You and your family weren’t exactly on speaking terms besides the holiday cards you exchanged every year, what’s more was most of your friends were colleagues. The only thing you really had to your name was your doctorate and small wardrobe. The officers sitting across from you in your small, cramped living room seemed to be growing irritable, no doubt because they were expecting you to decline and they would have to be sent elsewhere in the galaxy to find another sorry fool who would accept. You let out a breath, flexing your free hand momentarily. Without a second thought you scribbled out your name with your finger across the datapad, signing away whatever fate was before you to the hands of the First Order. The mood of the men had instantly lifted when they watched you with disbelieving eyes. The older of the three officers before you let a small smile show on his lips, a heavy and tired breath of relief exhaling through his person. “Thank you Doctor, truly, you have no idea how much this eases my heart.” the greying officer said as he stood to shake your hand and give a curt bow. “It will be my pleasure to help you understand and treat your soldiers mental states, as well as the officers, but for me this is purely for the jobs sake; not for the First Order.” You could be impartial while doing your job. You decided that you had to if you were going to maintain your own sanity. “That is fine with us ma’am, as long as you get the job done. It’s refreshing to meet with someone who can be… objective to the cause.” With that the officers started shuffling out of your small home to their awaiting ship. “We will be sending a cruiser for you within the next week, so box up what belongings you have and be ready for them,” the elder officer turned once again towards you to shake your hand once more before leaving, “good day Doctor, I look forward to seeing you on Starkiller.” You watched as their vesile ascended outwards towards the enormity of space, a cool wind licking at your skin as you remained still, looking dazed. Your eyes eventually glazed over in deep thought as you gazed out at the rolling sea before you. Hmmm, looks like it’s going to storm soon.. Notes: Shout out to my Beta, JoelMiller, she is the only reason I had the courage to even write and post this story. Check out her stuff, you wont regret it, she is so incredibly talented and has an affinity for connecting to the characters and accurately portray them in her stories. Stay tuned for Chapter 2 tomorrow! I know it's a very small/slow start but I hear a certain redheaded General will be making an appearance tomorrow.. (; Chapter 2 : A New Home Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Grey. As you stood facing your new home, it had occurred to you that you had never seen this much grey and durasteel in your entire life. All of your possessions were simply stuffed into a large duffle bag hanging loosely at your side. “Welcome home..” you muttered sarcastically to yourself. The layout was fairly pleasing; your door opened to a small entry way with a coat closet which lead to an open living room that was complete with two black leather couches, a coffee table between the two, and a carpet. Thank the stars... To the left was the kitchen and dining area, its outward wall made completely of reinforced glass that gave you a beautiful view of the snowy woods the planet was known for. If you headed straight from the living room and up two steps, that was your where your room was located. It was complete with: a dresser, side table, closet, an adjoining bathroom just to the right through a sliding door, and a queen sized bed draped in black sheets. Besides the drab decoration, or lack there of, you were immensely impressed that this was all yours. It took little to no time at all to deposit your meager belongings in their respective places, giving you time to browse all of the amenities you were given including the uniforms hanging in your closet. As you shrugged on the black knee-length coat which buttoned over on the left side with the First Order insignia placed on the right, you were pleasantly surprised that they had even guessed your right size. Oh no.. “No, no way , it will be an even colder day in space the day I wear that!” You spouted to yourself as your eyes caught the accompanying skirt and heels in your closet, causing you to pad your way over to your dresser to pull out a pair of black leggings and your black ankle-boots by the bed. “That’s more like it!” you said gleefully as you smoothed the coat down over your frame while looking at your figure in the mirror. A knock at your apartment door startled you out of your thoughts. “Just a moment.” You called out to the visitor, making your way toward the front door and hitting the plate to open it. As your door whooshed open, you were met face to face with a redhaired man roughly the same height as you, his demeanor one of the utmost seriousness. “Ah, Doctor, a pleasure to meet you. I’m General Hux, Commander of Starkiller based and her orbiting satellites. I trust everything is to your liking?” “Oh-uh, yes,” you stuttered, giving the man before you a curt bow before moving to the side and gesturing for him to come in, “It’s more than I expected actually, I was quite surprised.” “The First Order strives to assert its magnificence, but needless to say I’m pleased to hear you are satisfied for the meantime. I see you have already taken a liking to the uniform then?” He smirked as he examined you. “Ah, yes, just trying it on for size. It’s perfect.” you laughed awkwardly looking down at yourself. “Is there something I could help you with General?” “Oh, right.” the General responded, finally taking his hands from behind his back to present you with a datapad, “This is for you, it’s encrypted to ensure the confidentiality of your patients and can only be unlocked with your fingerprints.” You reached forward, taking the datapad from his outstretched hand gently. “I suggest you look over those tonight as you will start your work tomorrow, if that is alright with you. It has a schedule system built in so that anyone on base that has need of your counselling can schedule an appointment with you.” The General quickly explains. “Also, there is a built in map that will help direct you on base these first few weeks ‘till you are familiar with the layout and can find your way to your office with ease.” “Thank you sir, it won’t be a problem. I’m actually looking forward to starting as soon as possible.” you replied, tapping your way through the datapad and familiarising yourself with its functions. “Right, well if there is anything you have questions about, do not hesitate to contact me.” General Hux made his way to your door, turning to give you a short nod before leaving. “Doctor.” “General.” your replied in likeness. You read over all of your new patient files as you prepared dinner for yourself, pleased to see they even included a bottle of wine amongst your pre-stocked kitchen. As your eyes skimmed over all of the files you came to the last one which had ‘ CONFIDENTIAL ’ printed in bold lettering. After scanning your thumb one more time the file opened. Kylo Ren, Master of the Knights of Ren, Commander of the First Order Born: Ben Solo, son of Leia Organa (Daughter of Padme Amidala and Anakin Skywalker) and Han Solo after the Battle of Endor Formerly of the New Jedi Order, apprentice to his Uncle Luke Skywalker (Son of Padme Amidala and Anakin Skywalker) Ren struggles with inner self conflicting thoughts and emotions which cause violent outbursts, causing rationality to become second to his rage. While this enhances his connection the the Dark Side of the force it, at times, conflicts with the First Orders progression. Your hands started shaking, you set the datapad down on the countertop and reached for your glass of wine, quickly downing it in one gulp. “What in galaxies name have you gotten yourself into?! Han freaking Solo, Luke Skywalker?! What the shit...” you cursed under your breath and poured yourself another glass of wine. You quickly picked your datapad and scrolled to your schedule for tomorrow. Monday 7:30am - Commander Ren “Fuck..” Looks like you have a date with history in the morning. Notes: As always thank you guys for reading! I know Kylo hasn't been introduced yet but please be patient, Lord Buckethead will be appearing in the next chapter. (: I'm all for the slow-burn. Thanks again to the talented JoelMiller for sticking up with me and being an awesome beta! I would crash and burn without her support. Stay Tuned Lovelies! Chapter 3 : Silence Notes: Thank you to everyone that has left a comment so far, you guys literally make this all worth it and encourage me to write more and more whenever I have time. As promised another chapter, enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) You hadn’t slept a wink since you had found out who your morning appointment would be with. It caused you to revert to how you were when you were fresh out of the academy; the nervous shakes and jitters barely controllable as you paced your apartment in desperation to calm yourself down, the time on your data pad reading 6:30am . “Well, maybe a walk will help.” You thought aloud to yourself, desperate to find any excuse to keep your mind off of your upcoming activities. When you had looked to see where your office was last night on your datapad, you hadn’t thought that it would take much time or effort to find; you know realized that you were horribly mistaken. The base seemed like a labyrinth of twists and turns, every door and hallway looking eerily similar. You thought that you would never make it until a stormtrooper had approached you. “You’re the new Doctor, aren’t you?” came a female voice from behind the suit of chrome armor. “Am I that obvious?” You ask with a small laugh. “Well considering you’ve circled this sector twice, it was just a hunch.” She replied. “I’m Captain Phasma, I’ve been meaning to find time to speak with you and thank you for coming, but that can wait. Would you like me to escort you to your office?” “Uh, that would be fantastic, I feel like a complete fool but thank you for coming to my rescue. I’d hate to be late to my first appointment of the day.” you beamed to the trooper. “It’s no trouble, follow me.” If you were being completely honest with yourself, you knew that there was no way you could find your way back. It seemed like the two of you had been walking a great distance before Phasma had finally stopped and directed you to a door that conveniently had a plaque with your name on it. “I’m in your debt ma’am.There’s no way I could have ever found this on my own.” You said, sticking your hand out for the Captain to shake. Her grip was surprisingly gentle as she returned the gesture, “Please, I’m no lady, just call me Captain, or Phasma if you prefer.” she replied, “If you would like I can come by after your appointments are done and show you around the base. I too have a very busy schedule so it will give us time to talk.” “You seriously are a lifesaver, I owe you one.” “Doctor.” Phasma replied curtly, giving you a brief bow. As she rounded the corner you pulled out your datapad to check the time. 7:43am. FUCK! You took a deep breath to try and calm your nerves, “Breathe, you got this, I’m sure this ‘Kylo Ren’ isn’t as intimidating as you think. Shoulders back, head up and — for the love of god — breathe .” Without a second thought, you willed your body forward and caused the door to open. You were determined to make a beeline to your desk, but you stopped short between the conference couches. Just like your dining room, the far wall ahead of you was entirely made of reinforced glass and give you a view of the forest outside — your desk situated in front of it. But the breathtaking view wasn't what stopped you. What did, however, was the hulking mass of black fabric that was staring out your window. You could instantly feel the hairs on the back of your neck stand up. “I, um..You must be-” “You’re late.” came a deep, distorted voice that immediately caused new chills to creep up your spine. You let a beat of silence pass before you finally found you voice after clearing your throat of the sickening lump that was begging you to stay silent, “Yes, I do apologize about that Commander. You see-” “Do you make it a habit to keep your patients waiting? Or does your incompetence merely know no sense of time?” the Commander's head shifted over his shoulder to glance at you, the only thing you could make our being a glint of chrome escaping from all the black. Oh . No, I don’t care who this fuck is, that shit is not going to fly with me! You had to choose your words carefully since you were already off to a bad start, “Did you know that for every minute you remain needlessly angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind?” Silence. You took that opportunity to continue, “ Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing,” you started slowly moving forward even though every nerve in your body was screaming for you to stop, “when you indulge into these negative emotions, it’s gives something outside yourself power over you. You can choose to not let these little inconveniences upset you.” Still silence. You take a few steps closer until the only thing separating the two of you is your desk. “ Holding on to anger is like grasping a hot coal with the intent of throwing it at someone else; but if you hold to it too long, you’re the one who gets burned.” You could see the Commander clench his fists at his side and his eyes had still not left you, but you could feel them burning into your skin. It unsettled you —scared you, even—but y ou stood your ground and remained composed because that was your job . With one hand behind your back, you shifted your body sideways, your other arm outstretched and motioning to the couches. “Would you like to begin our session or would you like to waste what time we have degrading me some more?” The air around him was thick with intimidation the second he fully turned around, you had to bite your tongue for fear that you would let out a gasp. There wasn't a stitch of him showing that could remind you that you were in fact talking to a human being, his helmet a blank slate of darkness. You were afraid, you felt it. The commander eyes never left you as he made his way to the couch, sitting down slowly as if you making the wrong more or saying the wrong thing would cause him to bolt up. You felt that burning gaze even when you had taken your eyes off him and moved to the other couch. Your pulse was hammering violently in your ears. You placed your datapad on your lap and pulled up Kylo Ren’s file, not glancing at it for more than a second when you looked up to find that ridiculous helmet still glued in your direction. “You know, silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute.” you let a small smirk grace your lips in an attempt to elicit a reaction. Nothing. “Well, how about we start with something simple then?” you waited before letting out a deep exhale of breath, “If you don’t mind, I’m going to ask you some questions, and take notes about what you say so I can keep it fresh in my memory. Feel free to interrupt me at any time or steer the conversation to where you need it to go.” Silence. “Commander, if you’re not going to respond, why did you even come here today?” “The Supreme Leader Commanded it.” his sudden voice caused you to jump. “It’s most likely not as simple as that. He must’ve sent you here because he sense that there is a problem.” The Commander yet again stayed silent. “Everyone has a different perspective on what the problem is, and who or what the solution is. The point of this counseling is to create positive changes as rapidly as possible without feeling hurried. How do you see the problem or how do you define it? Or perhaps which difficult people in your life are causing problems for you? Who or what is most important to you in your life? What is the problem from your viewpoint?” you tried, waiting for a response. “Okay, well if you don’t want to answer that then why don't you write your responses for me and you can send them later?” you took his silence as another advantage to touch base on what seems to be the biggest problem. “Why do you let this apparent anger that you have affect you? Is it your struggling with the force that causes this?” you pressed. For the first time the helmeted man looked away, his gaze shifting to his clenched fists on his knees, “ It comes in waves,” you held your breath in a desperate attempt not to break the spell and encourage him to continue, “I close my eyes, hold my breath and let it bury me.” Before you even had time to formulate a response, the Commander had stood and practically ran out the room, his cape billowing behind him being the last thing you saw as your door shut. All at once every feeling started to rush out at you, hitting you like a whirlwind; the fear, the anger, it felt so overwhelming. You got up on shaky legs, moving towards your desk in a desperate act to control yourself for your next appointment. 9:00am - Trooper FN-2187 A knock at your door signaled that your next appointment had arrived. Notes: As always, thank you to my Beta JoelMiller, she always knows the right ways to encourage me to keep rolling out new chapters for you guys. Check out her works, you wont regret it! Stay Tuned for Chapter 4 Lovelies! Chapter 4 : Problems Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) All things considered, you thought your first day had gone extremely well. Minus the fact that your first meeting with ‘ Commander Fuckin’-Bucket’ went as horribly as you predicted. All the troopers seemed to open up to you immediately after you assured them that everything they said would be kept confidential. A few seemed to despise the First Order for obvious reasons, but the rest were completely loyal without question. If you were going to actually connect with any of them on a personal level, you would have to come up with nicknames for all of them. Also ask them to remove their helmets during their sessions.. It wasn’t even thirty minutes past your last session when you heard a knock at your door, the clock on your desk reading 6:37pm. “Enter.” you called out simply as you were finishing adding the last of your notes regarding Trooper ST-0696. Your eyes landed on the familiar chrome armor of Captain Phasma, a small smile coming to your lips at the sight of your first potential of a friend. “I’ll be just a second, adding one last entry and then I’ll be set. I’m starving.” you said as your fingers typed away at your station. “We can stop by the mess hall if you’re interested. I know we have our own kitchens but I prefer to eat amongst my men.” came Phasma’s distorted voice through her helmet, “And after I will show you areas of interest.” “That would be great actually, I don’t really feel like cooking anyways, so lead on!” you replied cheerfully, picking up your datapad and walking over towards Phasma. You don’t know what you expected as you sat down with Phasma, but the minute she removed her helmet you couldn't help but stare. The First Order strives to dehumanize their soldiers but in a setting like this, you are reminded that underneath those helmets are people with ranging skins and beliefs. “Are you actually going to eat or are you going to keep staring at me like I’m the ugliest Hutt you’ve ever seen?” came Phasma’s voice, startling you out of your train of thought. A smirk was pasted on her pale face. “Ah, I’m sorry it’s just...” you were at a loss for words, which is a rare thing for you but this whole new world was still so shocking. “No, I get it. You don’t need to explain. I can see how someone from outside the order can find this all... strange” Phasma replied. “That’s one way to put it...” you muttered as you shoveled some of your food into your mouth. “I wanted to thank you...” came Phasma’s voice. This time she wasn't looking at you but instead down at her food that she was poking at with her fork. “I guess I can understand why no one would take the job, but you did. You’re giving my troops a chance to better themselves without letting in the fact about what they are, but rather who they are, cloud your judgement.” You gulped down the bite of food you had been holding, “Well, I don’t understand how anyone in my field could refuse, we are supposed to stay objective. Our goal is to heal those in need, not to turn them away based on who they are and where they come from.” “Well, none the less, thanks are in order.” After your meal was finished, you had done what Phasma had promised and took a small tour of the base. You couldn't cover it all in one day but its enormity still made your head spin. “This is impossible...” you said with a groan, your feet already starting to kill you. “You’ll get used to it, stop your sulking.” Phasma chuckled in response. After a time, Phasma decided that the two of you should make your way back to the officer apartments. You were half tempted to kick off your shoes and walk barefoot the whole way but the thought of the cold metal on your feet made you shiver and think differently on it. “Hey, Phasma are we almost-” before you could even finish your sentence, two booming voices sounded from the corridor just ahead. “ Ren! Are you even listening?” spat the familiar voice of General Hux. Oh no... “Yes, it just takes me awhile to process so many idiotic notions at once.” came the distorted voice you could scarcely forget belonging to Kylo Ren, the volume of the two becoming more and more apparent as you and Phasma slowly approached. “They are not idiotic in the slightest, Ren,” Hux’s voice spat with so much venom that it made your gut clench, “you know exactly why you are being forced to go to counseling. Your reckless attitude and temper are costing the Order a fortune!” “I have no need for a psychologist that’s as incompetent as you.” You looked toward your escort wondering why she didn’t even slow her pace at the cat-fight you were swiftly approaching. Phasma didn’t even seemed phased by any of it. “Ren-!” The next thing you knew was that it felt like you had hit a wall while you weren’t paying attention. You squeezed your eyes shut as you felt yourself begin to fall backwards, waiting for the inevitable thud that would be your ass hitting the steel floor. But it never came, in it’s place was a vice-like grip on your bicep that seemed to shoot out at a lightning speed. You slowly cracked one eye open only to be met with the thing you wanted to avoid most, Kylo Ren. “I was wrong. On top of your incompetence, you are also ignorant to your surroundings. Not a pretty cocktail of personality traits, even in the best of situations.” grumbled the Commander's voice. As much as this man unnerved you, no one—absolutely no one —got to speak to you like that. “Don’t talk about me until you have actually talked to me, don’t underestimate me until you’ve challenged me, and better yet, don’t judge me till you know me!” you spat, before yanking your arm out of his grip, “But, go ahead, belittle me! You won’t be the first, and you sure as shit won’t be the last, but you will be wrong.” You thought you might have imagined it but you swore you saw the man tense, his fists clenched back to his side. “Captain.” Kylo’s voice sounded quietly, his shielded eyes not leaving yours. “Sir?” responded Phasma, her posture instantly straightening. “I have need of your assistance, come with me.” and like that his back was turned to you, his billowing cloaks following his stride down the corridor. “General, will you please escort the Doctor to her room?” Phasma asked before taking her leave to follow the Commander. “Of course.” Hux smoothed out his jacket and placed his hand back behind his back. “I apologise for Ren’s outburst, Doctor.” Hux replied simply, the apology holding no real weight or emotion. “It’s nothing I haven’t encountered before, General. I won’t let it dissuade me from my work.” you replied, your face and voice returning to their normal tone of professionalism. “Right, follow me.” During your awfully awkward walk back to your apartment, you managed to learn that Hux had a cat named Millicent, which gave you the brief bit of excitement that you needed for the day. He even offered to let you to watch her when he was out on assignments. Probably because he feels some small miniscule of guilt. “Thank you, General, for walking me to my apartment. It’s most appreciated.” you said, giving Hux a small bow. “Please enough with the formalities, Hux will do just fine.” he replied, his face still one of the utmost seriousness. “Right-well, goodnight, Hux.” you muttered awkwardly, his name still foreign sounding on your tongue. Later that night, after you had sang your heart out horribly off key into your shower head in a desperate attempt to calm you nerves, you tossed and turned in your sheets, your head still full of irritation at Commander Fuck-Bucket. That massive thundercunt just needs to get over his ego... As if the man in question had heard you, your tablet dinged with a notification. 2:53am Commander Kylo Ren: ...you asked which people are causing me problems? You couldn't believe what your eyes were actually seeing. 2:54am Doctor Lasseya Malric: Yes? 2:54am Commander Kylo Ren: Hux . Now get some sleep Doctor, I expect you to be on time for our next meeting. Sleep? Like Hell! It will probably take you three hours alone to find your office. Which is exactly what you did... Notes: JoelMiller, you already know how much of an amazing Beta your are, seriously you never fail to inspire me. And again thank you to everyone that has left a comment and kudos on my story! You guys seriously rock, I don't know when CH 5 will be posted but I am in the process of writing so don't you worry. (: Chapter 5 : A Bold Move Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Not only did you find your office in record time, two and a half hours instead of three , but you also discovered the miracle of First Order room service for officers. The cup of tea warming your hands was definitely going to be needed for your upcoming appointment with the commander, which you learned would be every morning Monday thru Friday. As you were finishing your breakfast and tea while preparing your notes for your upcoming appointment, the door to your office slid open right as the clock on your desk read 7:00am . “You’re early.” you said awkwardly through a bite of food. “Better to be early than late, wouldn’t you agree Doctor?” came the soft grumble of the helmeted Kylo Ren. You couldn’t help the glare you shot at him, “I suppose. Schedules and appropriate timing have shown to help improve moods and overall health.” you added simply, taking another sip of your tea. “Or it can be signs of Obsessive-Compulsive Personality Disorder .” You know that was an extreme, but you really just wanted to get under this bastards skin. “You think I have OCD?” the Commander replied. You could hear the humor in his voice. “No, but I do feel you have an identity crisis. It’s most of the reason you have all this anger.” you replied simply, picking up your datapad and making your way over to the couch, not even bothering to look if he would follow suit. It took a minute, but the Commander slowly made his way to the other side; sitting down slowly, his visor glued to your form. “And what would you propose I do about that, Doctor?” his voice had a threatening tone, as if at any moment he would snap at your words. “Well, to create something new: you must first destroy.” you countered, finally bringing your gaze to meet his through the visor. You don’t know how you always did but it seemed like you would always be drawn to them. Even if you couldn't see them. “Anger is only an illusion, but a very influential one. Letting the anger-illusion become your identity can prevent you from knowing your true self. Your anger leads to this false idea of believing that you are what you have or what you do; it’s a rather backwards way of living life.” you continued, waiting for a response. “How much do you know about the force?” the commander asked, his voice feeling like the calm before a storm. You slightly tilted your head, trying your best to limit your expression of confusion as to why he brought up the subject. It wasn’t like an everyday occurrence to be asked about something as complex as the force, and you found that you had to clear your throat before speaking any further, “I can’t say I have any knowledge on that particular topic. I’ve just heard stories, it’s still difficult to imagine it being real.” you replied honestly. “Let me be the first to tell you it’s very real,” the Commander said, voice low, as if casting a spell, “It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us; it binds the galaxy together.” The air around you started to intensify, making your skin feel warm and electric. You couldn't help but let out a small breath of surprise as your eyes fluttered shut at the feeling. “But it can also cause pain,” the air around you suddenly felt cold at the loss of energy, “it can let us know the fears and weaknesses of our enemies.” at that moment your head was flung back with a searing pain, as if someone was trying to claw their way into your head. Your eyes flung open, but you clenched your hand against the ache, raising your head to meet the helmeted beast. The pain had vanished just as quick as it came, “You’re very resilient. Maybe I was wrong about your incompetence.” the Commander said matter of factly, his voice sounding smug even through the distortion. You shot up out of your chair, “Take your helmet off.” you said quietly, your voice growing dark, unknown to your guest. “And why should I do that?” the commander's voice sounded. “ Take. It. Off. ” every syllable was dripping with venom. To your surprise, the commander's hands went to his helmet slowly; after a small pause you heard the hiss the helmet let out when he clicked the latchets just underneath. Slowly, alabaster skin came into your view. Inch by inch the man behind the mask was revealed to you: his full lips, clenched jaw, beauty marks peppering his skin, but his eyes… His eyes were a hickory as rich as soil; stained with the colour of hot chocolate on a cold, winter night that wraps around you like a blanket; engulfs you in its warmth and makes you feel at home. Those deep pools of dark-cinnamon swirls seized the depth and heaviness of one thousand untold stories, which imprisoned the bitterness of strong coffee. They consisted of raw emotion and if you observed closely, they reveal to you the exact thought that crosses the marvels of his ominous mind. Last to make an appearance was his raven hair, so black against skin so white that it was as if he belonged to the snowy landscape just outside. The shock and the contrast only serve to make him all the more ghostly, all the more haunting. You couldn't help but let your mouth drop because never in a million years did you expect that face to be under that mask. “Not what you expected?” his voice rumble — still deep without the mask — making his words vibrate within you. If you had been weak minded you might have been hypnotized by his presence, but as much as his face pleased you, you were on a mission. And before Kylo Ren could even fathom what you were about to do, your fist came flying out of nowhere and a sickening crunch rung through the air as it connected with his nose. The Commander's hand shot towards his face as he let out a hiss of pain, your hand shaking from the aftermath. “If you ever do that to me again without my permission, these sessions will be over. You are not to wear that god awful helmet, either. Do I make myself clear, Commander ?” If looks could kill, you were sure you would be dead. He shot up at that same lightning speed you had witnessed the day before, his gaze burning into you as blood trickled down his nose. He was merely inches in front of you, breath brushing against your face. Before either of you could explode, your door slid open, “Ren, I hate to cut your little session short but-” Hux came to a quick stop at the sight in front of him, “ Why is he bleeding?” “Because he’s an idiot.” you seethed, your eyes still not leaving Ren’s. “I didn’t know idiocy caused people to just start spontaneously bleeding from the nose.” Hux responded, and you swore you heard a hint of humor in his voice. You were the first to break eye contact, glancing over to look at Hux with a smug look, “I think It’s a new phenomenon.” “Well, in any case, Ren, you’re needed on the Finalizer .” Hux said, stepping to stand next to the two of you. “We’ve intercepted a band of resistance scouts on one of the outer rim planets still held under our control. We need you to root them out.” Kylo wiped his nose on his sleeve before picking up his helmet and putting it on, his eyes still glued to you in rage. “You’ll be departing tomorrow at 0600, so the Doctor can finish her appointments for today and inform them of her departure for the time being.” Hux finished. Both of your heads shot to Hux as if he had slapped you, “What? I must of heard you wrong…” you started. “I’m afraid not. If you remember, it was stated in your contract that you would be sent where needed whenever the Finalizer departed.” Hux replied simply. “The Supreme Leader failed to inform me that she was also required upon my ship.” Ren hissed through his helmet. “You will do as the Supreme Leader asks, Ren.” Hux seethed. Without so much as another word, the Commander rushed his way out of the room. A silence had fallen over you and the general, but it was quickly interrupted when a noise that you had never heard echoed through the corridor. It was shortly followed by the sound of metal being destroyed, a burning aroma clouding your senses instantly. Hux’s gave you a look of realization — as if he knew exactly what had just happened — before his jaw clenched in annoyance, “Doctor.” he merely replied through clenched teeth before exiting. Not only had you managed to punch your Commander straight in the face, but you successfully achieved to piss him off even more then you already had. And now, because your luck was just that good to you, you were going to be on his ship — in the middle of goddamn space — where running into him would be almost unavoidable. You knew something was bound to make you regret your compliance within the jobs obligations, but this ? This was definitely not what you prepared for. And as you peered out of your window to let the finality of the situation sink in, there was only one thing that seemed to be centered amongst all your thoughts: I’m fucking screwed. Notes: As always, thank you JoelMiller for putting up with my crazy antics, without you I'm pretty sure I would crash and burn. (: A very special thank you to FairySquadMother333 for all the kind words she has said, her enthusiasm towards my story always puts a smile on my face every time I get to read one of her lovely comments. You guys have been giving such good feedback, I couldn't ask for a better audience. Keep it up and I hope you loved the new chapter!