Eleven Months The Dauntless was just as impressive as Snoke had said it would be as Kylo watched it grow closer and closer via the viewport of his shuttle. Glancing down at the datapad in his hands, Kylo ran over the mission details again. It was unlike any mission he had undertaken before, and he wasn’t sure entirely whether he was the best person for it, but Snoke had entrusted him with this and Kylo couldn’t turn him down. The First Order needed a General, someone to lead them now they were really starting to get on their feet. Snoke had had one in mind, by the name of Major Armitage Hux, Captain of the Dauntless and the mind behind the Starkiller weapon and the flagship of the Order, the Finalizer . At twenty-nine – four years older than Kylo himself – he was the youngest person in the Order to ever be considered for such a position, and previously his cunning and ruthlessness had seen him rise through the ranks quickly, and his ideas for the Order and their arsenal made him the most likely choice. Hux hadn’t been the only person to vie for the position, but his intelligence and age made Snoke believe he was right for the position and he had ordered Kylo to spend time with Hux and find out whether he was right. According to the details Snoke had provided him with, Hux’s young age wasn’t the only problem facing his promotion to General. A recent change in his circumstances had thrown a spanner in the works so to speak, and Snoke needed to be one hundred percent sure about Hux’s capabilities before promoting him. The report didn’t mention what the change was, Snoke had said he hadn’t wanted Kylo to go into this mission with any misconceptions or pre-conceived ideas. Kylo couldn’t decide whether that was a good move by Snoke or not, as the entire journey to the Dauntless had had his imagination running away from him. Major Hux in his head now was some cross of a humanoid Hutt creature, cunning and intelligent but not the face of an organisation like the First Order. Physical appearance was as important as reputation, Snoke had said, the Order needed someone who had the right look to lead them, to bring the Galaxy to line. People followed those that looked the part. A humanoid Hutt would not fit that mould. Docking his shuttle into the Dauntless’ hangar bay, Kylo affixed his helmet in place and closed his datapad. With his lightsaber attacked to his belt, and his mind partially freaking out about meeting this Major Armitage Hux, he strode down the ramp when it lowered onto the deck of the ship. There were clear difference than what Kylo had seen of the Finalizer, as the flagship of the Order had the most cutting edge technology and had been built using a high amount of credits. Shaking the thoughts from his head, Kylo found himself greeted by a contingent of Stormtroopers, lined up perfectly on either side of his shuttle. At the end stood their Captain, tall and in shining armour. She had a very dominating appearance and Kylo was immediately wary of the power and confidence she exuded. Next to her was a man dressed in an impeccably pressed First Order Uniform, teal in colour, with his copper haired slicked back and perfectly cut under a regulation officers hat. The Force told Kylo that this was Armitage Hux, and as Kylo walked towards them, breathing somewhat heavily, he examined him. There didn’t seem to be any deformities on Hux at all. He had nicely set cheekbones and sharp, pale green eyes that watched Kylo approaching with an unimpressed glare in them. His expression was neutral, his arms behind his back as he stood in a rigid military pose. He was actually quite good looking, Kylo thought, nearly as tall as Kylo, but his frame was thinner, he didn’t carry nearly as much strength as an officer normally did, and he had a thin waist. All in all, Kylo didn’t see a problem. Yet anyway. “Lord Ren.” Hux greeted him nonchalantly, as if he were talking to a lower subordinate of his. A quick check with the Force on the edges of the man’s mind told Kylo this wasn’t far off what Hux was thinking. He had a clipped way of speaking, enunciating very well and scrutinising Kylo as he did. “Welcome to the Dauntless. We have prepared quarters for you and if you’d like to follow me, I will show you to them, before we meet about your intentions while you are on board.” He did not sound impress, and Kylo didn’t miss the sweep of his eyes as he spoke. He automatically didn’t like Major Armitage Hux, regardless of how perfect a military leader he seemed to be at that moment. It was clear Hux felt the same way. Without further ado Hux turned on his heel and walked off, boots clicking on the durasteel floor. The Stormtrooper Captain followed him after dismissing the others, falling into step on his right-hand side. Kylo strode to catch them as they made for a turbolift. “This is Captain Phasma,” Hux said as he walked, nodding to the Trooper, “Leader of the Stormtroopers aboard this ship. She will receive a promotion alongside myself when I become General to be Captain of the Army in its entirety.” He was extremely sure of himself, Kylo noted. He was sure that the promotion was his, there was no reason in his mind for doubt even with the change of circumstances and Kylo was almost impressed. It was actually a pretty undesirable trait in people, Kylo had found, but it was needed by the Order. Hux had done so much for them already, he believed he deserved something in return. While the Dauntless had seemed large while approaching it, the interior of the ship was actually smaller. The trip in the turbolift did not take long, and soon Hux was striding out of it again and onto a deserted corridor. “This floor houses my quarters at the end, Captain Phasma’s quarters down the left corridor, and yours down the right.” Hux explained, gesturing as he did. “Would you like to have a few moments after travelling before we begin the meeting?” “No.” Kylo replied, speaking for the first time he realised. Hux frowned at how his voice sounded coming out through a vocoder, and Kylo caught the thought on the edge of Hux’s mind that compared him to Darth Vader with a few choice words that made Kylo bristle in anger. “I believe the meeting would the best thing to start. I have some questions.” “If you insist then, Lord Ren. Follow me. The Supreme Leader has told us we should accommodate your every need while you are with us. I need to make it clear to you however that I will not be bending over backwards for you. Ridiculous requests, or any needs of yours that counteract the way I run my ship, and effect the needs of the officers and Troopers aboard it will have to wait.” Hux said as he stepped back inside the turbolift and pressed another button for a different floor. Kylo’s eyes narrowed. Self-assured and needing control, slightly narcissistic and believing that Kylo’s presence on the ship was unnecessary, these were all readings he was getting from Hux right now. Whatever Snoke had told Hux about Kylo’s presence, he had not informed him of the true nature of it, although Hux had considered the truth during nights spent musing why Snoke was taking this path. His silence was taken as acceptance by the copper haired man. The next floor was the floor where all official meetings happened, Hux informed Kylo as they walked the length of it. It also housed rooms for officers and technicians to meet and discuss their plans for new weapons, new moves for the First Order, and a large room where projections of battles could be shown so that strategy could be discussed. The meeting room Hux choose had a large rounded table in the middle of it. Hux sat himself at the top of it, crossing one leg over the other and surveying Kylo like he was nothing. Phasma took the seat to his right. Kylo stayed standing. “Let us discuss then, Lord Ren, why you are here.” Hux began, his hands folded in his lap. “The Supreme Leader was unsurprisingly vague about it.” “I’m here to determine for the Supreme Leader if you are still fit for the role of General of the First Order.” Kylo admitted truthfully, his tone of voice telling Hux he’d rather be anywhere else but there. The confusion carefully concealed in Hux’s eyes gave way to an angered expression on his face, and his ears flushed a delightful shade of pink. Kylo watched him carefully, tensed and poised to move if he had to. “Of course. So, the Supreme Leader believes my current situation is going to distract me from doing my job, or somehow stop me from being able to perform it to the best of my ability, does he?” Hux finally responded, his tone biting. “He is wrong.” “He has been vague about the details of your current situations.” Kylo added, “So I will need you to enlighten me.” “Tell me one thing before I do, Ren.” Hux said, dropping the title easily. The name rolled off his tongue naturally, but it sounded like a jibe, like a poisoned barb breaking at Kylo’s skin spoken by Hux. He didn’t like it. “Why does the Supreme Leader think you’ll be a good choice. Do you know what the role of General entails? Do you know what I would have to do, the administration and the tactics and the sheer size of the role that a General has to perform? Do you have any idea whether I will not be suitable?” Kylo didn’t answer. He didn’t know any of the things Hux had asked him, for he hadn’t been trained as a General himself. He was the leader of the Knights of Ren, he had to plan and use tactics from time to time but on a smaller scale. There was no paperwork for him when a mission was over. Snoke knew the outcome, he didn’t need a report. They were good questions. And his silence did speak for itself this time and confirm Hux’s thoughts. “So tell me again then, why he chose you?” Hux demanded. He was angry and insulted. Kylo didn’t really blame him. “He trusts my opinion.” He replied, “He trusts my judgement. I can use more than just my eyes to see if you’re capable. He knows that, and he will believe my word.” Hux looked as if he wanted to throw something at Kylo’s head, the expression in his eyes down right murderous. “Oh yes, because you’re a Force user. The Jedikiller, with the infamous name that precedes you everywhere you go.” Hux’s voice was still steady, but his expression told Kylo if he made one wrong move, things would go even more downhill. “It would figure he would send his dog to test me.” Anger flared in Kylo at the insult and his hand came up by instinct. His fingers curled and Hux choked, his air instantly cut off by the Force grip around his throat. His hands grasped at the material of his trousers, instead of going for his throat like most people did. If Kylo hadn’t been angry he would have given him credit for it. Phasma stood and removed a blaster from her belt, levelling it at Kylo and informing him that if he did not let Major Hux go, she would shoot him. Hux waved at her, silently telling her to stand down. Kylo raised his hand and Hux came off his seat, dangling in the air just by the contact at his throat. Bruises were forming already on his pale skin, just visible over the neckline of Hux’s tunic, and Kylo could almost feel the soft cartilage of his neck giving under the pressure. His senses came back at all once then, because if he continued he would kill Hux. Snoke would be unimpressed, and Kylo would have paid the price. He dropped his hand. Hux fell without a sound, landing on his feet and managing to keep them although his legs shook. Phasma was at his side in an instant. “Impressive.” He choked out, voice hoarse from the lack of air. “But hardly necessary. I have shown you to your quarters, I suggest you cool off there.” “We’re not finished speaking.” Kylo growled. “Tell me what your circumstances are.” “I’m sure you will find out soon.” Hux replied as evenly as he could as he gasped for air silently. “Gooday.” With that he turned and left through another door at the head of the room. Phasma stared at Kylo for a moment before following, her blaster still in her hands. Kylo’s hand twitched for his lightsaber, to ignite it and destroy the room and let out his anger. Instead he opted for going to his quarters and meditating. Hux was infuriating, but his clear and collected manner would be good for a General. Whatever the problem was, it had to be big, and it wasn’t with Hux himself. Knowing he would find out sooner or later, true to Hux’s words, Kylo let it go for the moment and tried to clear his mind of the anger ignited by Armitage Hux. -- It was night time when Kylo finally surfaced from meditating, and he stretched the ache out of his limbs and stood up. His stomach was rumbling, but he didn’t know his way around the Dauntless and he didn’t want to use the Force to tell him the way. A brief reading of the auras closest to him told him Hux and Phasma were in their rooms and Hux was agitated. He still needed to know what the problem was, and whatever it was, Kylo assumed Hux would be more willing to talk about it within the confines of his own quarters. Wrapping his outer robes around himself, Kylo left the room and strolled down the corridor to Hux’s room. The room was quiet, whatever was agitating Hux it wasn’t noisy. Kylo knocked on the door. Hux cursed from the inside and the door slid open. “What do you want Ren?” He asked in annoyance. “Can I come in?” “No. I’ll come out.” Hux replied, stepping out of his quarters and letting the door slide closed behind him. Kylo caught a glimpse of his room, clean and sparsely decorated before Hux blocked his view. “What do you want?” “I need to know what the problem is.” Kylo stated, “The problem that Supreme Leader Snoke wants me to investigate.” “As I said Ren, you’ll seen sooner than later.” Hux snapped, “It’s the middle of the night can you leave me in peace?” As Kylo opened his mouth to counter and get Hux to tell him what was going on the Major made a strange noise. Kylo frowned. It soon became clear the noise wasn’t coming from Hux himself, but from a monitor attached to his belt. Hux pulled it off, and looked down at it, cursing. “Brilliant. Thank you, Ren, you woke him up!” Hux hissed, turning immediately and hurrying back into his quarters. Kylo followed him immediately, pushing his way inside and using the Force to keep the door open. Hux bypassed his living room and small office and went straight into his room. At the side of his bed was a cot and inside was a baby, sitting up and crying loudly. Hux went over to the cot and grabbed something from the end of it, which Kylo soon realised was a dummy. He shoved it into the baby’s mouth and tried to get him to lie back down. “Why…why is there a baby in here?!” Kylo exclaimed. Hux shot him a dark look. “Be quiet! Go and wait outside!” He picked the baby up, bouncing him awkwardly on his hip as if he didn’t really know what he was doing. The baby continued crying, softer now but sucking happily on the dummy, curled into Hux’s body. Kylo did not leave, watching Hux try his best to get the baby to go back to sleep. He wasn’t using the best technique, but eventually the baby quietened and fell asleep against Hux’s shoulder. Hux sighed and turned to Kylo, and in that moment Kylo realised just how tired Hux looked. “Now you’ve seen the problem.” Hux said quietly, gently rocking back and forth from the hips to keep the baby sleeping. “He is the problem.” “A baby?!” Kylo found it hard to keep his voice down, and he only did so because Hux shot him an extremely dark look. “How did you even…when did…why do you have a baby?” “While I would love to discuss everything with you, Ren, as you can see I do have a baby that was rather distressed a few moments ago, and that I need to put back down to sleep. If you want an explanation, come to my rooms at seven sharp tomorrow morning and I shall give you the answers you seek.” Hux ordered, turning back to the cot. The baby whimpered and curled closer to Hux when he tried to put him down, and Hux sighed. “Please Ren just leave!” “Okay.” Kylo nodded and left the room quietly. His head was spinning and he needed to contact Snoke and ask what he wanted him to do. This was completely different than anything he had been expecting. A baby. How could Hux even be considered for the role of General when he had a baby? What was Snoke thinking? Stalking back to his quarters, Kylo had to pace for a good fifteen minutes to calm down enough from the shock to even contemplate meditation. Sinking to the floor and crossing his legs, Kylo took a deep breath and focused on an indistinct point. He slipped somewhat easily into meditation, his need to talk to Snoke forwarding his natural prowess. “Your mind is troubled, Kylo.” Snoke’s voice echoed around his head. “I am troubled, Supreme Leader.” Kylo confirmed, “I have just discovered the problem facing Major Hux.” “ You have met the child then? Tell me your first impressions.” “He has no idea what he’s doing.” Kylo said immediately, “It was a little awkward seeing him holding the baby but...I don’t know what to think Supreme Leader I need more guidance about what you’re looking for.” “ Whoever becomes General will be working with you, Kylo. You will be co-commander and you know this. I cannot give you the answers. You need to think for yourself too.” “I understand that Supreme Leader but how could someone with a baby even be considered? This is no place for a child!” Kylo exclaimed. “ Major Hux is the most intelligent person within the Order, his mind is bright and his ideas are fresh and pull on the Empire for inspiration but take us in a different direction.” Snoke paused, his voice echoing around Kylo’s head, “ He is the natural choice. I need to know, Kylo, whether he can do this while in possession of the child. And if he cannot, whether he can be convinced to part with the child in order to fulfil his role. That is why you are there. There is a document on your datapad that lists the qualities I am looking for in a General. Doubtless you have already seen many of them in Major Hux. I need you to confirm he is stable enough and ruthless enough to do what is necessary for the Order, parent or not.” “I understand.” Kylo nodded, “I will do my best, Supreme Leader. “ As expected.” Snoke’s presence disappeared following those two words, and Kylo opened his eyes. He had several hours until seven, when Hux had ordered him to come to his rooms and find out the truth, and Kylo was convinced he wouldn’t sleep, but he forced himself to undress and climb into bed anyway. Down the hall Hux was panicking, the reality hitting him that he may have to actually prove himself to Kylo that he was worth the position of General. The baby was sleeping, Kylo could feel his peaceful mind, but Hux was not going to be sleeping anytime soon. The Major thought too loudly, Kylo found it hard to block him out even without them being in the same room. He fell into a fitful sleep, Hux’s voice and fears penetrating his dreams. -- Kylo awoke sweating and panting. The clock next to him told him it was six-thirty, and he groaned. It was early, but he had time to have a shower and get dressed in clean clothes before going to see Hux. He took the shower cold, washing away the lingering dreams clinging to his skin. He had dreamt of Hux, abandoned in a cold and icy environment, injured and clutching a bundle of cloth to his chest. Kylo barely knew the man but the dream had disturbed him more than he liked to admit. Was this a fear Hux had? Or was it a figment of Kylo’s mind from the fears he had tapped into when thinking of Hux? Either way, he wanted to forget it. Slipping his helmet on when he had dried and dressed, Kylo grabbed his lightsaber and left his room. Hux’s door was open this time, and slid open before Kylo even knocked. The Major was sitting on a chair by the small table in the corner and the baby was sitting next to him in a high chair, face covered in food. Hux hadn’t escaped either, with what looked like porridge flecked over a strapped shirt. Kylo’s first assessment of him had been right, Hux was slender. There was some definition of muscle on his arms and what Kylo could see of his torso, but it was underwhelming. Especially when compared to Kylo himself. The baby was babbling happily, one foot up through the gap between his high chair and the small table attached to it, refusing anymore food from the spoon Hux was offering and the man himself looked haggard. He hadn’t slept. His copper hair was still slicked back perfectly but his eyes were slightly red ringed, with shadows peeking through as well. He turned his head to glance at Kylo, then pointed to a spare chair on the other side of the high chair. The baby watched Kylo move, suddenly quiet and unsure. “Are you horribly disfigured?” Hux asked. His voice was barely a whisper. “What?” “Are you horribly disfigured?” He repeated. “No.” Kylo replied. “Then would you take the mask off?” Hux requested, “He’s been screaming half the night anyway, I don’t want to give him anything else to scream at.” Kylo wanted to refuse. Everything in him told him to refuse, but he couldn’t. There was something about Hux, the cocksure, confident Major was still there but he also seemed extremely vulnerable in this moment. Kylo was sure he had never let anyone perhaps bar Phasma see him like this, and he was also sure if he ever told anyone Hux wouldn’t hesitate to shoot him. The baby’s lip was shaking. Hux looked like he was about to snap. Kylo reached up and unclicked his helmet. The baby laughed at the sound. Hux examined his face as the helmet was pulled away. Black hair, long and thick, framing a slightly long and oddly proportioned face. A long nose, full lips and dark brown eyes that sparkled. Kylo was emotive, he hated having his mask off because it made him easy to read. The baby held out a hand, holding one of his socks, and said “ta”. Kylo stared at him, surprised, and Hux retrieved the sock and held the baby’s foot while he pushed it back on. “You came for your explanation then?” He asked as he focused on the baby. “Well, this is a pretty strange situation I think I need one.” Kylo replied. “So, will you tell me where he came from?” “He’s not my son if that’s what you’re insinuating.” Hux stated defensively, “He’s my little brother. His name is Techie and he’s eleven months old.” “Techie?” Kylo scoffed, “That’s a weird name.” “Well it was the name he came with okay! My father wasn’t exactly the most talented man when it came to naming children.” Hux snapped. Techie’s eyes went back to Hux and he froze again. Hux took his hand and rubbed it gently. Techie pulled away and reached for the spoon in Hux’s other hand. Hux let him have it and he proceeded to bang it loudly against the high chair table. “You said wasn’t?” “Yes.” Hux sighed, “My – our – father is dead. He died a month ago.” “No other family?” Kylo pressed. “My mother died when I was a child and I don’t know who Techie’s mother is.” Hux answered, “Not that it would matter. My father was his only legal parent, and when he died he left Techie to me in his will.” “You can do that?” Kylo felt the need to laugh, Hux’s answer just seemed so absurd. “He left a baby to you in his will.” “He left everything he owned to me. And in his eyes, that included the illegitimate son he didn’t want.” Hux said flatly. “There is nowhere else for him to go, and any Academy’s founded by the Order do not accept child until they are at least five years old.” “Could you not have found someone to adopt him?” Kylo asked, “Surely that would be easier.” “Perhaps.” Hux admitted, “But…his hair would make it obvious who’s child he was. And the will is a legally binding document, so it would be hard to work around. For now I am stuck with him. I will not stop my own career because of Techie, he can come with me when I become General and he will not slow me down. The Supreme Leader can sure of that.” Kylo nodded, “The Supreme Leader wants to know if you could sacrifice anything for the Order. That includes Techie.” “Sacrifice him how?” Hux asked slowly. “In any way.” Kylo said. He was only guessing himself, but it was clear from Snoke’s words the previous night that he expected Kylo’s report to include how attached to the baby Hux was. If Hux could drop Techie and climb higher in the Order, Snoke would approve of that, he did not like useless baggage. But if Hux was attached, or Techie stopped him from successfully doing his job, Snoke would disapprove and Hux would most likely be struck from the officers ranking and given a menial task somewhere that made it easier for him timewise to look after a baby. Kylo was sure that was clear to Hux as well. “He…he’s just a baby.” Hux muttered, standing and unclipping Techie from his high chair. The boy immediately held out his arms and said something that sounded like “up” and Hux picked him up. He rested him on his hip and walked away from the table to a small rug where a collection of toys was waiting. Kylo stood and followed. “I…the Supreme Leader would order me to get rid of him?” “He may not give the order, but he wants to know if you needed to that you could sacrifice him in order to give the First Order what it needs.” Kylo clarified. “His original mission for me was to see if you are still in the running for becoming General. That included Techie, because he wanted to know how you ran the Dauntless with your ‘problem’.” “But if my problem were to become the Orders problem, I would have to take steps.” Hux was distressed by the notion, and confused at his own distress. It was rolling off him in waves and Kylo didn’t understand it. “I have not changed the way I run this ship.” He continued, voice rising slightly as his feelings gave way to anger. “My crew still respects me, still follows my command and would do anything I told them too, and they are aware that Techie is on the ship. We have been successful in all missions, even those given since my father passed away.” “And the Supreme Leader will know that.” Kylo agreed, “It’s your mental state he wants to investigate as well Major Hux. Becoming General will be a lot more time consuming, as you pointed out to me yesterday. He wants to know how you balance this current job with having a child in your care, to see if you could do the same.” “That’s three different things he wants me tested on then,” Hux stated, “Whether I can still be General, whether I can balance being General and being a brother and whether I could then abandon my brother if needed.” “Actually, it’s however many things I see fit to observe about you.” Kylo corrected, “He’s given me complete control over it, with only guidelines from him.” Techie was squirming in Hux’s arms, wanting to get down and play with his toys but Hux didn’t let go of him, merely bounced him on his hip and stared at Kylo. There was a war going on in his pale green eyes. Love for his brother, anguish over not being able to look after him properly, determination to prove he could still become General and fear that he was going to fail. Kylo stood and approached them. Techie looked at him and began to whimper. Kylo offered the baby a smile and floated one of his toys up to face level. That calmed him immediately, to Hux’s relief, and distracted him enough for the two to finish their discussion. “I will watch you Major. How you act while at work, while you’re with Techie and when you combine the two. I won’t lie to the Supreme Leader, if I don’t like you.” Kylo stated firmly. “If you are right for the job I will tell him such.” “It’s good you can be so objective.” Hux retorted, his voice calm and controlled despite his battling emotions. He was slipping back into the military mould from the day before, the perfect Major who had complete control. It was good, Kylo thought, that it came so naturally to him, even while holding an eleven-month-old baby. “Have I answered enough for you for now Ren? I’d like to get ready for my shift.” “For now. I’ll ask you more later.” Kylo shrugged, grabbing his helmet and turning to leave. “Must you?” Hux asked as the door slid open. “I’d like to spend as little time with you as possible.” Kylo didn’t respond, but made a mental point to shadow Hux as much as possible and make sure they spent as much time together as possible, just to spite him. He didn’t like the man, but he had more insight than Hux did thanks to the Force, and there was something he could respect about him. Only a little, but Hux’s determination reminded Kylo of himself. He wanted one goal, one thing, and that was to complete his training with Snoke and do his grandfather proud. Hux wanted to become the leader of the First Order, and he wouldn’t let anything stop him. Even if it meant looking after his eleven-month-old brother. What really impressed Kylo more than that was that Hux was determined to become General with his brother by his side. Instead of getting rid of the child at the earliest opportunity he had taken the problem and challenge in stride and was working with it. This mission may become more interesting that Kylo had originally thought. Notes: let me know what you think /o/