Preface Armitage Hux was a young professor and he enjoyed it a great deal. And he was pleased with a stellar appearance as following a certain conduct. As new students came pouring in for the freshman year in a four year university. His eye's locked onto a beautiful young lady. She had stunning (Y/e/c) and marvelous (Y/h/c). Knew from that moment then she had to be his. His cock ached to buried deep in her. Whimpering his name in a debauched way. Crave his touch and voice all day every day. "Today students we are going on to laying out the foundation of what we will be studying for the next six months. I am going to hand you out a syllabus. You are required to get these in timely fashion!" said Hux. He had fairly nice sized class and handed them one by one. His heart raced as he got closer to the object of his desire. She looked eager and very ready for this class. How'd she'd be eager to be fucked right over his desk. Sopping wet for him. But he caught her clenching her legs together shamefully. He'd have to smell her arousal and lick the seat she sat in. His cock was weaping for her now. "Professor Hux, May I ask a quick question.... When will it be necessary to have these items?" asked (Y/n) softly. He almost came in his pants at the sound of her voice. It was almost as the heavens were gracing him with her presence. She was destined to be ridden hard and rough on his cock. Make her feel every bit of him. Ruin her for others. "It will be necessary in a week from now. But don't rush too much!" said Hux sternly. As the students were leaving. He swiftly locked the door and went to where (Y/n) sat down. He smelled (Y/n)'s sweet arousal and saw a small damp spot. And lapped up what he could. His taste buds were set on fire as how sweet she was. "This girl will be begging weaping mess when I drag orgasm after orgasm from her. Will make sure little miss angelcutie she will be. My personal wife-to-be!" Thought Armitage. He found the location of her dorm room and saw that it was all her's. Which was really good for him. And seeing when her coming and going were. Mapping out the best way the lay claim to what was rightfully his. No matter the cost too. Chapter 2 : Oblivious Prey Summary: (Y/n) is oblivious to her greedy predator Professor Hux! ;-) (Y/n) sat in Professor Hux class and was excited to see as to where this would take her. Always being prided on the fact that her curious mind drifted off to. But she was nervous as can be. Since she was told Professor Hux class can be daunting to some and thrilling to most. Just depended as to where it took you. "Today students we are going on to laying out the foundation of what we will be studying for the next six months. I am going to hand you out a syllabus. You are required to get these in timely fashion!" said Professor Hux. Professor Hux looked way too stern in features. That made her sad that he was going to be one of those professor's that were strict. As her professor looked at her funny. And caused her to shrink into her seat. This was her last class thankfully. He had personally handed her syllabus. There was so much to get. "Professor Hux, May I ask a quick question.... When will it be necessary to have these items?" asked (Y/n) softly. The very look that her professor was looking at her made her feel uncomfortable. Seeing as her 7th and 10th grade teacher gave her the same look. Made her feel very vulnerable. Sexual harassment was horrible to go through. Not this yet again! "It will be necessary in a week from now. But don't rush too much!" said Hux sternly. She knew then on she had to get these items quickly. That way she was at the top of her class. Seeing as the student store closes in three hours from her last class. Which would give enough time to get the stuff for this class. This was much too easy for her. As class had came to an end she rushed to the student store. Thankfully they had all that she had needed. And bought them with her money. Going to her dorm room happily with all of her stuff. She fell asleep quite peacefully. All the while the person lurking in her closet with his camera. Taking pictures of her in a relaxed setting. Hours flew by and she woke up to take a shower. Then she went to closet and saw a milky white substance on her floor. It puzzled her to no end on how that was there. So she cleaned it up and got dressed. Wearing a tight evergreen silk corset dress with green ballet flats. Having a touch of blue smoky eye and deep red lipstick. With a wisp of sweet smoky perfume. Then grabbing her messenger bag full of the stuff she'd need. Getting to her first class with Professor Ren was always a delight. She liked his lectures on different paradigm in history. Although it made antsy to get all of this information down. As she got to her last dreaded class was always made her groan woefully. Hux's P.O.V- (Y/n) walked in and she looked utterly ravishingly. This gorgeous divine morsel just kept looking more angelic by the moment. And it made his cock hard all over again. He spilled his hot load all over her closet floor in heaps. Just wanting to fuck into her in vicious way. Make her scream his name so she could never forget it. She was for him only and she'd soon learn that the harsh way. By plugging his cum deep in her womb. Chapter 3 : Rude Awakening Summary: Hux finally takes charge! Hux had finally gotten his girl (Y/n) to his basement. He had prepared for months for his girl to be here. And he had it all prefect now. (Y/n) was sprawled on his bed nude, gagged and blindfolded. He had gotten into her dorm room with style. Gotten into her bathroom and tainted her toothpaste with a roofie concoction. He saw from the corner of his eye's that (Y/n) was waking up. As he gotten her from her drom room. Being as very careful to not be detected. Thankfully he hadn't been. And now she layed nude for only his eye's to feast upon her body. "Wua? Da fa? Lemme go? Da faq? Fuuuuck! Welp me! Wua?" asked a muffled (Y/n). Armitage had taken the gag out of her mouth. Since the room was fully sound proof to the outside world. Nobody would know of the depraved acts he was going to bestow upon his (Y/n). Checking to see if she was a virgin and she was. "Look if you let me go then I won't press charges. And my family can pay the cost of my ransom. If that is what you want? Please don't rape me!" pleaded (Y/n) in fright. That fright in her voice only made his cock swell and ache. Soon enough his ten inch cock would break her virtue forever. (Y/n)'s virgin tiny cunt was on display to his hungry gaze. Looking at her with a craving to fuck her til she was a sobbing mess. Until she couldn't tell pain from pleasure and screaming to stop this. That is if he ever stop from wrecking her small lithe body for his pleasure. He went right up to her and licked her cute tiny pussy. The taste of her sent his tastebuds into full choas. Her bold spicy sweet cunt was absolutely ravishing. Taking her clit with his lips as his tongue lapped firm deliberate licks. And his fingers rubbing her puckered cunt. (Y/n)'s sweet necter was leaking from her. "Pl-please s-s-stop this right now. I am about to cum. S-stop this now!" cried (Y/n). Armitage head was fuzzy with bliss and desire for (Y/n)'s cum. Made him very delirious and maniac that this girl tried hiding from him. She was his only and forever would stay that way. He felt her gushing cum and lapped her pouty cunt til she stopped cumming so much. But he persisted to eat her out and came screaming her second orgasm. Wailing had erupted from deep in her. But he didn't care as cum kept coming out. "Your a fucking animal. Whoever you are just fucked up. Just die damnit!" roared (Y/n) arrogantly. Armitage had just smirked at how low he had reduced (Y/n) to now. By now he was leaking precum from his angry aching cock. But he had aten her tiny cunt for another ten minutes til she came with another violent orgasm and came. "Just tell whom you are and why me? I am nothing special or deserve this!" said (Y/n) pathetically. Armitage was almost hesitant to tell her. But he had her here now. So why not?! "I am your Chemistry Science Professor and the name is Armitage Hux. And the reason you are where you are now is...Because I lusted and craved you. Your sweet oblivious act was endearing to me. Every day til this very month. I set this up all for us. Have no plans to keep you away from me. You will be my wife and bear my kid or kids. We will be a family and that is final!" said Armitage to (Y/n). Armitage had released the blindfold and saw her red puffy eye's. It made him cum from just the sight of his (Y/n) like this. All painfully debauched and ruined from just eating her out. And tided down to the bed aswell. She was his angel. "And I now am I going to ruin you by breaking your virgin cunt with my cock!" said Armitage. "Your never going to let me go, are you? You planned all this?" asked (Y/n) sadly. "Your truly are both smart and dumb. But fuckhole cumwhore like you will stay mine and under me. Do I make myself clear, dear wife?!" said Armitage sternly. After those words he had shoved the full length of his cock into her. Screams had erupted from (Y/n). Armitage had roughly rubbed her oversensitive clit harshly. Tears had erupted from (Y/n) in hot trails down her face. Armitage felt the smooth tight fit her cunt was on his rock hard cock. It made him crazy knowing he was the first guy to take her first. And the only guy that would ever touch her like this. He vowed he would never get enough of this cunt. "You really should've been more vigilant. Maybe then you wouldn't have me ramming your gorgeous cunt with'in an inch of your life. My fucking pussy now!" said Armitage. He felt her clench on his cock as her orgasm raged right through her. And it made him fuck into her harshly. Gripping her hips as he plowed her shaking legs. It was both a marvelous and brilliant sight to see. As he tore orgasm after orgasm from (Y/n). He was loving her tiny abused cunt more and more now. It was meant to be used by him. One he delighted in way too much now too. "Are you ready for your just dessert, my love? Oh I know you are though!" said Armitage. Armitage had brutally assaulted her damaged cunt. Roughly shoving his cum deep into her womb. To ensure that pregnancy was top priority for his heir now. He left her there with the cum locked in her. And left (Y/n) sobbing in both her grief and agony. Knowing she have been more careful on these sort of things. Chapter 4 : Doomed Fate Summary: Reader comes to terms with her future with Armitage! Reader felt sore and tender at her most intimate place. How Armitage had viciously taken her virginity. Armitage had taken her leg restraints and balled herself near the headboard. Seeing him looking at her with victory and triumph. "You know (Y/n), I really want this to work. But you have no choice in this matter. That pretty pink cunt belongs to me now and you too. My dear naive wife!" said Armitage. "If I consent to your ways. Will you still allow me to finish my studies? Pretty please! " asked (Y/n) woefully. "If consent then I will make for damn sure you have a high education!" said Armitage. Armitage had taken her restraints off of (Y/n). And she pulled him to the bed. Kissing his neck then to his chest. Going even lower to his pelvic area. All the while staring up at him with deep sensuality. Taking Armitage's breathe away. This divine morsel was being too angelic towards him. A low life bastard no less. "What do you want me to do next Daddy? Do you want to fuck my pretty mouth?" asked (Y/n) softly. "Take all of my cock into that beautiful mouth of yours. My dear wife!" said Armitage. (Y/n) had started to lick his tip with delicate kitten laps at his head. Armitage was gasping for dear air. As he was white knuckling the bedsheets below him now. And she swallowed his girth down her mouth. More precum leaked from him. (Y/n) had felt both disgusted anbd thrilled that she brought this man to his knee's. That he desired her this much. The disgust was from having to suck the very cock that rammed her cunt harshly and stolen her virginity. And thrilled this was the effect she had on him. He was incoherently mumbling how good she was. "Your so fucking amazing (Y/n). This mouth and that wonder cunt. Hot damn your mine. Mine to rule and fuck. To plow you roughly!" snarled Armitage slyly. (Y/n) felt his balks start to tighten and knew he was close to cumming. And sped up on his aching hard cock. Hollowing her cheeks and lewdly making splurping sounds. That just drove him over the edge. Spilling his hot stream of cum down her throat. (Y/n) had withheld her gag reflex at bay. As she drank his load down. And seeing his handsome body controt into a ravishing sight to behold too now. Armitage was sweating and panting from how much she knew how to suck his cock. She had no ideal how bad a fucking she was going to be taking from him. Chapter 5 : Failed Runaway Summary: Poor Reader can't seem to get a break! :'( (Y/n) was released from her Professor's house nearby the university. Going to her dorm room to collect what she could. And trying in vain to get away fast. Made a call to her cousin Professor Ren that worked at the university aswell. But had a apartment nearby. To be as close to the university. "Hello Cousin, I need to get away and quickly. It happened again just like before. Really need your help, please!" said (Y/n) sadly. "Just come over to where I am. You can sleep on the couch. And get this sorted!" said Kylo to (Y/n). She hung up the phone in her dorm room. And took off to her cousin. Her cousin Kylo was protective of (Y/n). Knew he had to protect (Y/n). As (Y/n) rounded the corner near her cousins place. Armitage had yanked her from the side into a dark alley. Restraining her quite effectively and looking at her with murder in his eye's. "You think your going to be free of me, you little bitch. I own you now. Know that you know that I had taken that precious little gem from you. Forever plucked away by me. Me buried deep inside your love channel!" said Armitage. Armitage had tweeked at her still abused nipples from above her clothing. Hearing his sweet doves little whimpers. Drove him to cup her still sensitive fucked loose cunt. Seeing (Y/n)'s tears made want to be buried deep in her again. And that was what he was going to do too. He flipped her around and yanked her skirt up to her hips. Tearing off her undies from her body. There was a hook above them. And attached the rope there. Giving him free reign to handle her the way he needed to. Armitage had put (Y/n)'s torn undies in his back pocket. She was going to have to learn to go without undies. And get in her head that her ass was his use up. And with that thought in mind he buried his aching cock deep in her tiny cunt. Feeling how wet, warm ,and tight she was. Made him feel utterly fantastic too. "You know your little antic of trying to run from me. From this cock of mines has me hungry to eat you out. Ravish and brutally fucked into you!" said Armitage. He snapped his hips into her roughly. Seeing her struggling to get free from his embrace. But there was no escaping his embraces he would bestow upon her. He kept fucking into (Y/n)'s sweet ruined cunt. Feeling her spasm on his girth. "Bet you live to serve my cock. You know the first time I tasted you. I was in heaven for a bit. That gorgeous pussy will forever be mine!" said Armitage. He felt her cum gather all over his cock. After he had snuck his fingers to rub her sensitive abused clit. Knowing on how to manipulate her most precious bundle of nerves. Made him rock hard knowing he made her cum this way too. Seeing her flushed and panting below him as though begging for more of his cock. "I fucking hate you Professor Hux. Your no better than those whom did the same to me while I was younger. Here you are just monster aswell!" sobbed (Y/n) sadly. The heartbreak on her face made him plow into brutally. Screaming had erupted from her. He had stuffed a gag on her to silence her cries. (Y/n) felt so humiliated and scared straight for her life now. As she felt him ramming her cervix with a vicious nature. How could she keep running into these asshole. That she was soaking his cock in her fluids. But the animalistic look that raged in Armitage's eyes made her shrink in both paralyzing fear and vulnerability aswell. Him touching her already ruined clit without any mercy. And driving her body in total choas. His cum kept spilling out of her cumsoaked cunt. "You really should know your place, (Y/l/n). With me and below me. To serve and bend to my will. Letting me make damn sure you know I own your ass!" said Armitage. He slapped her ass hard and harshly. Feeling her cunt spasm from his rough treatment. He soon felt her cumming again and again. And bent down to lick away the mess they had made. As he got to her sweet cumfucked pussy. "Either you back off my cousin and let her go or I put a bullet in your head right fucking now!" said Kylo angrily. Armitage saw the gun firmly pointed at him. And that made him very hostile and murderous. This little leach was going to tear him away from his precious angel. That didn't sit very well in him none one bit. Made him very angry and furious. "You win this round but I shall be back to claim what is mines. And make no mistake that bitch ass angel belongs to me. And that is for me to have!" saiud Armitage. He ran away from the area fast and quick. Knowing one way or the other he would have her back. It was a matter of timing. Timing had to be correct too for this to work. He got back to his place and started to plan on how to reclaim her. Kylo had unrestrained her from where Armitage had her at. Made her feel every bit thankful. He had grabbed her stuff that had fallen to the ground. Getting them back to his place. Kylo felt furious that he saw the blood, cum ,and bruises all over her. Especially the cum and blood the leaked from between her legs now. Notes: Kudos and Comments, plz! :-D