Crash and Burn Hux shouldn’t be bothered by the perspiration he could smell from the others in the room with him. He is, though. A guy across from him was visibly sweating from the heat and fidgeting in his own seat. A thin film of sweat on his forehead glistened in the soft white light of the ship and Hux could see the bead of sweat form and trickle down. The shuttle shook again but Hux didn’t flinch. He was their leader, the one person in charge of of all twenty of them and if Brendol Hux’s words weren’t clear the first time he said them they were clear when Hux repeated them in his head. Don’t flinch boy, not when it’s not immediate danger. You’ll look weak, scared, and unworthy of a leader position. Hux doesn’t like looking weak. They were accompanied by two adults, one the official supervisor who would check in on them at the end of their mission and the pilot. When there’s another lurch, the sound of explosions can be heard. The supervisor held onto his seat, a string of curses left his mouth before he got up to go talk to the pilot. The lights flash red and Hux squinted a little to watch his supervisor yell instructions before the ship was hit again. Hux hears more alarms, yelling, and he watches the ship shift to the left. They were going down fast and there’s a limited amount of time. While Hux is panicking he is hit in the face by an arm flailing from the person next to him. It snaps him back to watch the scene unfold before him. In Hux’s memory, he could watch it slowly form. The sudden crush of the cockpit crashing onto the ground. If Hux was honest, he didn’t know how none of it exploded right then and there. Then it’s the bodies lurching forward and a couple of boys getting ripped from their seats, the force of impact ripping them in half and bodies being flung forward. Hux is holding onto his seat and hoping no part of the ship would damage him. The boy next to him who had hit his face was screaming and others were hit with parts of the ship that went flying. Hux remembered the rate of surviving a crash that’s as dangerous as this. There are probably cuts on himself, bruises he gained but doesn't see or feel. He’s most likely covered in blood. He registered the sharp pain on his head and then nothing. He wakes and that’s all he remembers while staring at the purple sky. Smoke and charred flesh and the aching of his body reaches his senses. His lungs aren’t crushed, he checks. There’s blood, dried now, on his face and a few boys that Hux assume are still alive. He yanks at the seat’s restraints hoping it’ll come off. He needs to get out, something’s most likely going to catch on fire if not already and he isn’t going to get caught in it. He survived the crash itself; he didn’t want to die in a fire. Not this fire, at least. “Get off me.” He mumbles. It takes a few more yanks before he’s able to unbuckle the restraint and climb out from the wreckage. His limbs are heavy when he begins to crawl over broken metal, careful not to cut himself. When he’s safe, at a distance from the crash, he sits and stares at it. He feels almost numb. Nothing registers in his brain when staring at a body of girl who is impaled by debris. When thoughts begin to form again a part of him hopes that someone will wake up. Another cadet who will climb out like he did and stare at the ship like he is. They’ll cry too, like he is about to. No one climbs out. Hux decides to leave them. He wipes the dried tears from his face. Brendol would do the same and Hux should do the same as he would. He walks along the scar the shuttle made while he watches in awe of the planet around him. It’s been ages since he’s been on a planet. The sun’s red and already Hux can feel the heat soak through his uniform. His skin, most likely, will burn if he doesn’t find shade. But each tree stands tall and thin, all far apart and none with leaves on them. There isn’t a way for Hux to get decent shade. The ground is filled with red sand and there’s little vegetation. None of it shows any sign of water being nearby and Hux almost wishes he had gotten supplies back in the ship. That’s his mistake. This is an unknown planet, probably one that’s into the uncharted area of the galaxy. He knows nothing about this planet, nothing about what kind of air he’s breathing in or if the atmosphere even protects him from the sun’s rays. What animals could come and eat him alive? Are there species on the planet intelligent enough to have already built some form of society? Some form of government? Can he even find food edible enough for him? Whose idea was it to send cadets to an uncharted planet? He swallows and rubs at his arms. He needs to find water, find food, and make shelter. He can’t stay out like this. Maybe for one day but he won’t survive a second without hydrating. He walks a little further only to find it almost hopeless. His chest tightens when he scans the red area again and watch it stretch for miles. In the distant he can even see the waves of heat rise from the ground. Giving up, he sits on the ground. His hands dig into the sand, hoping the soft grains will comfort him. The sand, he finds, is icy cold to the touch. It’s relieving to feel it with his bare hands and he wants to bury himself under it to keep himself cold, pat it on his face area of body where the sun’s been to help relieve the red areas. Hux barely refrains from doing just that. He does, though, roll up his sleeves to shove his arms deep inside the sand. A sigh leaves his lips when he takes his now cold hands and rub it over his face. He repeats the process a few more times. It soothes his irritated skin. He stays there for what seemed like a couple hours, his body resting on the cold ground and the sun starting to set. He knows if he doesn’t find water soon, or something to drink, he’ll die by dehydration. It’s nighttime when he hears shuffling. There’s a mound in the sand, something that’s digging its way out of the red, and before long Hux watches a hairy creature pop its head above the sand. It shakes its head to get the sand off and for a moment Hux thinks it is a rodent. In a sense, it is a rodent. By the time it fully emerges from the sand he watches it rub its face and shake itself off from the remaining sand, the tail, fluffy and short, shakes with it. It is cute, he decides. He rather likes it. He also relates to the fact that it buried itself in the sand to keep cool and now that the sun is setting it has to be out to look for food. If Hux follows, he knows he’ll find food and water. But his mind has wandered to the sky that’s now turning from a shade of red and yellow to a purple and pink. The colors clash but Hux’s focus isn’t on that. It’s the ship, an X wing at that is flying towards -what Hux assumes- the North and landing in an area he also assumes isn’t far from where he is. It’s a Resistance base, he hopes. He forgets the creature beside him and begins to walk towards the destination he saw the ship land. Hux doesn’t notice his surroundings, at first. There’s more creatures, some digging themselves out from under the ground and others already picking at what few plants there are. The temperature is already dropping and he feels slight chills. It dries the sweat on his body, at least. He notices, though, that there’s a little more plants than earlier and he wonders if he’s wandered into a more lush area. “What a harsh planet.” He mumbles to himself. There’s bugs now, not annoying ticks that swarm and bite at the skin but rather large ones that buzz annoyingly around and glow. He’s already spotted one with a stinger as big as his finger. His steps quicken and he moves briskly past it. It’s not long before Hux notices the sky turn a dark, solid purple and the sun is cut in into a fourth by the horizon. The cold bites at his face now and if he wasn’t walking he’d be shivering from the cold. But when he stops to stare at another creature, thick with fur also and just as tall as him, chew on the rather large leaf he notices the glow that outlines the leaves. They’re all white, just like the trees, but give off a bioluminescent glow that’s a light blue. It’s become a forest now where plants, each of them radiating a soft light, are taller than him and some even climbing up the white trees. It’s then, he realizes, that they were all hiding down in the ground and away from the beating sun. Fur thick to protect them from the cold during the night but also to keep out the sand. The plants hide in the ground where it’s cold and only keep parts of themselves above ground to collect some of the sunlight’s nutrients. If they didn’t they’d probably dry out and wither from the lack of water. Water, he needs water. He begins to walk again. His path illuminated by the plants and with each minute passing the area gets thicker. If he looks behind him the plants that weren’t as tall moments ago are larger and more open. He doesn’t want to know if there’s any plant creatures. If he can’t find shelter he’ll probably climb a tree, just to look for directions and be a little more safe. But, even though the plants are almost twice his size now, he can still see thin top of a building. It’s old, a cream color but plants are growing on it now and when he starts jogging closer to it he sees that there’s lights. Plants begin to thin out more and soon he’s out in a clearing, the area that surrounds the building that’s thin on top but the bottom largest. It’s a temple. To his right he notices where the X-wing landed but no one is around. Carefully walking towards the ship there’s a couple of guards sitting outside and close to the opening of the ship. They had set up their own table and chair and now two of them playing a game that Hux isn’t close enough to see. It looks like a simple card game and in the middle there is a pile of credits. Most likely for whoever the winner is. Hux watches them. They’re both drinking, both loudly yelling at how unfair they are to each other. With the amount they’re consuming they should be going somewhere to rest but they continue to go, the credits between them going back and forth. Hux watches from the distance. He’s able to get closer but he doesn’t know who else could be with the two and catch him sneaking up on them. The closer he gets, though, he starts to catch what they’re saying. It’s nothing important. They’re both young and, he assumes, around his age. His eyes flash towards the orange crest that is in a shape that’s ingrained by the academy. Orange and that of the Rebel Alliance’s back during the Empire’s reign. In honest he knows the propaganda the academy pushed to its students to make them effectively hate the Alliance and New Republic. He, too, would have fallen for it if his Father didn’t tell him about conditioning those at a young age. If he wasn’t informed about the process, taught the knowledge and became aware of the conditioning. He couldn’t blindly follow knowing that what they’re taught is from those who loved the Empire’s point of view. He couldn’t. Not if he wanted to succeed. The logo still ignites some form of hatred. Not from the academy’s teaching but of how clean it looks. How nice it must be to be a part of chaos like that, the freedom where its members are allowed to drink and gamble with a buddy. But, he has an advantage. If Hux was going against the First Order’s pupils they wouldn’t be lazing around. He knows stormtroopers are taught to be diligent and many of them would be keeping watch but the Resistance members are different. They can get drunk and gamble. But that’s an advantage. It’s easy to take advantage of intoxicated people. “You’re la...laughing.” One of them says. A fit of giggles bust from both of them. There’s not a second to waste when Hux spots the blaster on one of their hips. He’s already next to their side, his hand wrapped around the hilt and pulling it from the holster and smacking it on the person’s head. He’s pressing on the trigger while frozen in position. Two bodies on the ground, one definitely dead and the other temporarily knocked out. Hux doesn’t hesitate to quickly run up the ramp and make a silent round to check and see if there is anybody else. He finds no one but that isn’t reassuring, as the lights inside the temple are on and he has a limited time to start up the ship and leave. “Don’t move.” The area surrounding Hux turned a hue of green. There’s a sound that Hux can’t identify but it whirs lowly and makes Hux’s skin go cold. He is so close, just a couple of buttons away. Notes: Find me @ Space-Girlfriends