A wave of nausea wakes Finn up first. Then it’s the sun in his eyes and the ache in his bones like he was run over by a dump truck and then thrown into the back. Speaking about dumps, that’s exactly what his mouth tastes like. Or an ashtray, but he doesn’t even smoke. He lays still for a few minutes hoping the need to barf goes away and focuses on the how fluffy the bed is he’s on and how soft the sheets against his ski- wait. Finn opens his eyes suddenly (big mistake for his headache) and pulls back the sheets. Naked. He’s naked and not in his motel bed. Instead he’s in a fancy hotel room. Like top quality, executive suite stuff. Expensive . And a mess. It looks like a tornado went through it. There’s food, alcohol, and clothes everywhere. Finn leans up on his elbows and tries to locate his boxers among the piles of clothes on the light grey carpet and spots a pair. He quickly hops out of the very comfy bed and puts them on. He moves a little too quickly for his equilibrium though apparently because he’s definitely going to throw up now. He runs towards the kitchenette and doesn’t have time to find a trash can before he’s throwing up in the sink. Gross. What the hell did he do last night? Finn had been so caught up in not throwing up, he didn’t realize the shower was running before and now was being turned off. “Shit.” Right...of course, he isn’t alone. But maybe that won’t be such a bad thing. Maybe whoever is in the bathroom knows what happened last night. Maybe, Finn hopes. He rinses the sink and his mouth the best he can, and finds a water bottle right as his mysterious companion emerges from the bathroom. Finn honestly wasn’t expecting much and he certainly wasn’t expecting Adonis himself. Damn. Drunk him has such good taste. “H-hey” Finn clears his throat the best he can but it’s still really rough. Mystery man looks surprised whether it’s because he expected Finn to be gone, or he forgot about him, or what, but he finishes drying off his hair and not so discreetly checks Finn out. Which Finn is going to count that as a win in his book. “Good morning.” “Morning. Um…” This is awkward. You can cut the tension with a knife. “So, lot’s of things happened last night.” “Do you remember any of it because I gotta be honest I don’t.” Finn winces. “No I don’t, but I have a pretty good idea.” Mystery man throws the towel on the bed and rummages through the stuff laying on the side table and walks over to him. He gives it a once over and then hands it over to Finn. It’s a marriage certificate. Finn’s first response is to laugh. “You’re kidding. This isn’t real.” He chuckles in disbelief and Poe shakes his head. Poe . That’s the name signed on the document other than his. “I’m afraid it is.” Poe smooths out the top of his wet hair and shows him the ring on his left hand. “That’s plastic!” Finn gaps at him and grabs his hand to double check. It’s a green plastic ring, the kind you would find in a costume shop or a 25 cent machine. “Plastic or not, the certificate is real.” Poe takes his hand back. “Then where’s my ring?” Finn weakly laughs. Poe looks around the room for a second before throwing his hands in the air with a heavy sigh. “I don’t know. It must be around here somewhere, but that’s not the point. The point is that we are legally married.” “That’s bullshit. Can’t we get like an an-um, what’s the word.” Finn snaps his fingers to try and clear the fog out of his head. “An annulment?” “Yes! That’s it. We can just get an annulled right?” “Um the only thing I know about annulments is that it can be done if the marriage wasn’t consummated, but I’ll have to do more research.” Poe sighs and scratches the back of his head, looking shyly away. “Well great! That’s great, ‘cus well um...nothing happened?” Finn looks unsurely between Poe and the bed. “Um wellllll yea something happened.” “You sure?” Finn asks dumbly, earning him a deadpan stare from Poe. “Trust me Finn, I’m sure.” Poe shakes his head and fidgets, face heating up a little. “It is Finn right?” “Yea, and you’re Poe?” “Yes.” “Nice to meet you?” They end up standing in awkward silence for a beat before Finn coughs. “So what do we do now?” “I actually have to be back in L.A. by tonight so I have to leave.” Poe checks his watch and starts going through the room, picking up stuff that belongs to him. “Oh I live in L.A.” Finn watches him pick things up. Nothing creepy of course. “Oh?” Poe pauses to turn back and look at him, thinking. “Convenient...do you need a ride?” “Oh no no. I actually have to get back to my friends.” Finn swishes his mouth out once more with the water bottle and leans off the counter to find his things. He doesn’t want to inconvenience Poe anymore than he already has. “But what’s this going to mean for the marriage?” He asks out of curiosity even if the words sound funny coming out of his mouth. “Um, I’ll give you my information and we can discuss it later. I’ll do some more research on it, but if we could just keep it on the downlow-” “Oh yea of course. My mouth is closed shut.” Finn makes the motion of zipping his mouth and throwing away the key. Poe looks at him funny, but finishes gathering his stuff and packing it away. “So the room is actually paid for. Check out is at 1, so if you want to stay and take a shower you can.” Poe informs him and digs out a couple cards from his wallet. One of which he writes on the back of before handing them over to Finn. “ So this is the room key, I’ll turn the other one in and this one...is my card. All my information is on it and I wrote my address on the back in case you need it.” “You’re a lawyer.” Finn looks over the very official card. “Business lawyer, but I have some law friends who might be able to help us out... You gonna be ok buddy?” Poe slings a bag over his shoulder and rolls the other one by the front door. “Yea, yea, I’ll be fine.” Finn nods reassuringly, playing with the cards. “Ok.” “Yup.” “Ok, I’ll call you ok?” Poe tells him looking over the room before giving Finn one more look. “Yup sounds good.” “Ok, bye.” Poe smiles sheepishly and leaves finally. Finn lets out a sigh of relief but definitely feels the loss of his presence now that he’s alone. He takes a look around the room and decides to clean up some more so it’s not that big of a disaster for the cleaning staff. Spotting his jeans near the wall sized window, he heads over to pick them up but gets distracted by the amazing aerial view of the city. “Wow.” He lets out a low whistle. “I’m going to be sick again.” >>>> Finn’s phone is completely dead and has been probably all night so he can’t call his friends, but he can get a taxi to the motel they’re staying at. Not as nice as this grand hotel Poe was staying at with a gold fountain in the lobby, but it was cheap. He gets to enjoy the sites on the ride over and go over the events of that morning, and think about what he could’ve done differently. Although, all considering it didn’t go too bad. Poe could’ve been a major asshole about it, so he got lucky. Plus he wasn’t too bad to look at either, if only he could remember anything from the previous night. Finn always thought when he got married it’d be a memorable affair, nothing like the situation he now finds himself in. He pays the cab and realizes he doesn’t have his room key in any of his pockets or remembers what room they’re staying in, so he goes to the front desk. “Hey I’m looking for a room number under the name ‘Slip’.” Finn asks the not so pleased desk assistant. “They checked out.” He says not bothering to look up at Finn. “I’m sorry. What? What do you mean?” “I mean they’re gone kid. They left.” He grumbles. “What the fuck?” Finn says loudly in disbelief and the desk guy gives him a dirty look. “Sorry, I didn’t mean that about you, never mind.” He sighs heavily while leaving the office and tries to come up with a game plan. First of all his friends suck. But luckily this isn’t the first time he’s ever been stranded somewhere so now he just has to find a bus station. He heads back inside the tiny office and asks to use the phone to call for another cab and hopes he has enough if his bank account to cover for that and a bus ticket. Finn hates his friends. No really, who leaves their friend in a strange city by themselves with a complete stranger? Granted that stranger is technically now his husband, but come on. He’s now granted with a golden opportunity to reevaluate his life and his decisions, if you can look at it that way. Magically he had enough to cover the cab on his card and some cash in his pocket for the bus ticket but missed the last one, so now he has to hang out at the station for the night until the morning. He considers asking the girl next to him if he could borrow her charger to juice up his phone but he’s tired and hungry and frustrated and still a little hung over. It’s been a long day and it’s going to be a long night, but luckily he has the change in his pockets and the vending machines to keep him company. Always look on the bright side right? >>>> It’s around 5 in the morning when he finally climbs off the smelly and cramped bus and into the streets of L.A. He took a couple naps here and there so he feels a little refreshed but stiff and has a cramp in his neck. He got to charge his phone and to his dismay no missed calls or texts from his ‘ friends ’. So they literally didn’t even bother to look for him or check to see if he was ok. Okay . He also got to check his bank account and has to dip into his savings for another cab fare. But it’s cool. (It was not cool and nothing is cool) Even though it’s well into 5 almost 6 in the morning the house is up and partying of all things. Since he moved in with these guys that’s all it’s been= Party Party Party. He pays the cab and skips up the porch steps and basically stomps into the house. “Ayyyeeee Finn!” Zero yells excitedly over the loud music. Finn waves off a cloud of smoke and does his best not to roll his eyes. “Where you been?” He throws an arm over Finn’s neck and spills some of his beer out the red solo cup. “Where have I been?” Finn steps from underneath him. “Where have I been?! You mean you don’t remember how you left me in Vegas!?” He’s getting angrier the longer he thinks about how shitty they are. “Aye man relax.” Nines joins in from the couch, or as Finn knows it: his bed. “You guys left me in the middle of nowhere with a complete stranger!” “That guy was nice, looked like you really liked him.” Slip wiggles his eyebrows at him. “That’s besides the point!” “Look you’re really bringing the vibes down man.” Nines steps up into Finn’s personal space, slightly threatening even if he’s crossfaded. “We thought you were chill.” “Yeah.” “Yea man.” Finn takes a look around and makes a choice. “You know what you’re right.” He picks up his backpack that was laying by the side of the couch and heads to the bathroom to get his toothbrush and deodorant and leaves. Just leaves. He doesn’t really have a plan, but he’s so mad he can’t even think about anything else but walking. He has no money, no car, and now nowhere to live. Great . This weekend was so great. He gets the simple luxury of watching the sunrise and tries to come up with another plan on what to do now. Walking in one direction soon leads him to a gas station and he decides he really needs coffee. Coffee is cheap right? Reaching into his pocket to pull out his wallet, he drops some of it’s contents including the business card Poe had given him. Finn mulls it over. He could live on the streets till he gets back on his feet or he could ask Poe, his stranger husband, for help. That’s embarrassing. What’s he going to do? Show up at his house and be like ‘ hey I’m a bum and I need a place to crash, do you think you could help me out? ’ This sucks. >>>> The worst that could happen is that Poe says no. That’s Finn’s reasoning anyway. And then worst case scenario is that he has to live on the streets for a little bit. What he didn’t anticipate was the actual giant mansion that Poe apparently lived at. Ok, maybe it wasn’t a mansion but it was close enough and certainly big enough. Now he felt even more foolish standing outside in the same clothes he wore days ago. “I can’t do this. This is so dumb. I’m so dumb.” Finn paces by the front door and considers his options again. And again. “Finn?” Poe opens the door suddenly and scares Finn out of his over-thinking. “Geez!” “Ah I’m sorry! I saw you standing there and…” Poe apologizes and gives him a look. “Um are you ok?” “What? Yea yeah, I’m fine.” Finn focuses on breathing evenly again and gets distracted by Poe’s salt and pepper bed head and baggy sweat pants. He looks cozy. “Finn, did you need something?” Poe asks gently. “Hm? Uh…” Finn bites his lower lip and struggles to find the words. “So I, uh, kind of need a place to crash for a few days...you know what, no it’s ok, never mind, I’m sorry I asked. It was dumb and-” “Finn, Finn!” Poe cuts him off, waving a hand. “It’s ok. Look I don’t need to know, but if you need a place to stay for a bit it’s ok. I got plenty of room.” “...Are you sure? I mean you barely know me.” Finn looks shyly around Poe and into the entryway. “True, this is true. But I figure you barely know me too and yet you came here... We’re in this weird sort of situation together and-look if you need help, I’m willing to give it ok? I trust you?” Poe thinks it over but makes up his mind. “Yea, I trust you. Come on in.” Finn takes a moment to process everything Poe just told him. “Okay. Ok.” He nods. It’s been a long and wild last couple of days and he’s tired. So tired . If he could just get one safe place to sleep for a bit, he’ll be ok. “I trust you too.” “Cool, come on.” Poe takes Finn’s dirty backpack with a small smile and leads him into the house. Chapter 2 Notes: I dont know anything about divorce law and neither does Poe or anyone else, bear with me things have to happen because i want them to happen lol (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe shows Finn a brief tour of the living room, kitchen, and then upstairs to the bathroom and a guest room he’ll be staying at. “So here we are.” Poe sets Finn’s bag on the bed and looks around. “There’s towels above the toilet in the bathroom if you want to take a shower and yea, make yourself at home.” “Thank you.” Finn also looks around but more awkwardly. The room is more or less like of the hotel room he woke up in, with a grey color scheme, but cozy nonetheless. Poe walks over to close the curtains and the room gets significantly darker making Finn yawn, but ends with a yelp when an orange blur runs past him from underneath the bed. “Oh I’m sorry, that was BB.” Poe chuckles softly. “You’re not allergic to cats are you?” “No.” Finn wills his heart to settle back down. “I’m not, just easily scared I guess.” “I think you probably just need some rest.” Poe sends him a smile and starts moving out the room. “I’ll leave you to it. If you need anything I’ll be downstairs, ok?” “Yup.” Finn nods and watches him close the door softly behind him, once again letting out a breath of relief but feeling overwhelmingly alone. He spares another quick glance around the room before slipping out his shoes and getting more comfortable. Without intending to he falls asleep immediately after his head hits the pillow. >>>> When Finn wakes up it’s completely dark outside and for a moment he doesn’t remember where he is or how he got here. As his memory slowly comes back so does his hunger. He can’t remember the last time he ate and his stomach is surely complaining about it. He quietly freshens up in the bathroom and makes his way downstairs where he finds Poe in the kitchen humming to himself over the stove. “Hey.” Finn clears his throat to announce himself and Poe spins around a little surprised. “Hey buddy. Did you sleep ok?” Finn slides into one of the bar stools next to the center island. “Yea thank you. Um, listen I wanted to talk to you about something.” “Sure, you hungry first?” Poe asks but is already pulling out 2 plates and cutlery, and places them in front of Finn and one at an empty spot next to him. Finn’s stomach growls loudly and answers for him, making him blush a little in embarrassment. “I hope you like spaghetti.” Poe beams and gives him a considerable portion before serving himself and getting them some water. “Spaghetti sounds amazing.” Finn could honestly eat a horse right now and doesn’t object when Poe motions for him to go ahead and start eating. “So what did you want to talk about?” “I know I said I needed to crash somewhere for a few days, but I think I’ll go ahead and leave. I’m good now, I don’t want to put you out any longer than I already have.” Poe considers what Finn just told him. “If that’s what you want. I’m not put out in any way I promise.” “I think that’ll be for the best.” Finn nods reassuringly more to himself. “Do you have a place to go?” Poe asks and takes a bite of the spaghetti. Finn thought about this and checked his account earlier. He’s got enough to cover for one nights stay at a cheap hotel he thinks and then after that he’ll figure it out. “Yes.” “That’s actually something I wanted to talk to you about.” Poe sips on his water before continuing. “I was doing some research on the divorce process and there’s somethings I need to know before we begin filing.” “Ok.” “Are you from California?” “No…” Poe is lost in thought for a moment, probably trying to recall the so-called research. “Ok, that’s ok. Um, in order to file in state one both of us would have to have lived in the state for at least 6 months and to file in the county at least 3 months, but we could file in the county you lived at before? Where did you live before?” Finn knows very little about divorce laws, but it also seems like Poe might not either. “Um Settle.” “How long?” “About two weeks.” Finn shrugs. “Ok, what about before?” “Texas.” “You don’t have residency anywhere?” “We can’t all afford fancy houses.” Finn snaps out of nowhere. He’s never been as ashamed of his wandering tendencies until now, but also feels bad for snapping. Considering the guy let a total stranger stay at his house and is currently feeding him and all. “Sorry.” “No I’m sorry I pushed it.” Poe apologizes even if it should be Finn. There’s a tense silence that follows afterwards but Finn can feel Poe thinking next to him. “Ok how about you stay here a little longer.” Finn’s eyebrows shoot up his forehead. “Like 3 months longer?” “Yes, you can stay here establish residency. We can work on getting you your own place, maybe a car-” “I’m not a charity case Poe.” Finn almost snaps again as he watches Poe’s face fall into a range of mix emotions. “I never said you were.” Poe says sincerely. “And I’m sorry if that’s how I made it seem or how I made you feel.” Finn honestly needs to relax and remember that Poe is only doing his best to help him out, and the look Poe keeps giving him is the worst. “It’s fine, I’m sorry I snapped again.” “No you’re right...Look, Finn I don’t want to make you uncomfortable or force you to do anything you don’t want to do, but , I am willing to help.” “I know, thank you. And I want to help to-get us out of this mess.” “Why don’t you stay the night and maybe think about it and give me an answer in the morning?” Poe suggests with a small but hopeful smile. Finn can’t say no to that, and no matter how much he wants to run, the thought of some more peaceful sleep in a very comfortable bed is a lot more appealing. “Yeah, ok. Let’s do that.” “Ok, cool.” Poe beams and it almost feels like everything is going to be ok. They finish their dinner and Finn offers to help clean up which Poe declines and they bid each other an awkward goodnight. >>>> Even though his body is tired, Finn’s mind is wide awake going over Poe’s proposal. It’s well into 2 in the morning when he makes up his mind, and also realizes he’s really thirsty. Not wanting to wake up Poe, he creeps through the halls and downstairs to get a glass of water only to accidentally scare Poe who is sitting in a room adjacent to the stairs. “Sorry!” Finn half whispers, half chuckles at Poe who is clutching at his chest for dramatics. He also looks exhausted and is currently surrounded by stacks of manila folders and papers across the long table. This must be the dinning room, Finn figures. “It’s ok.” Poe half laughs. “I sorta forgot you were here.” “My bad.” “It’s fine. You ok?” Poe rubs his eyes and stretches his arms in front of him. “Yea, just getting some water.” Finn juts his thumbs back towards the kitchen. “Yea of course, there’s some bottles in the pantry next to the fridge if you want.” “Cool, um what are you doing?” Finn eyes the papers again, distracted. “Oh um, just a big case I’m working on." Poe sighs and puts some of the papers away. “I didn’t realize what time it was.” He checks his watch and yawns. That shouldn’t be as cute as Finn thinks it is. “Right, well I’ll leave you to it.” Finn nods, but then remembers he came to a decision earlier. “Oh Poe?” “Hm?” “I was thinking...and I think I’m take you up on that offer.” Finn says sheepishly. Poe nods and slouches into his chair with a smile. “Oh? Ok. Good, good. I was also thinking about it and I was thinking if you want after you get settled into a job and everything you could help out around the house, get your own food or pitch in and maybe we can transfer… I don’t know the water bill to your name. You know so there’s proof of residency?” Poe shrugs lazily. “Yea, that sounds great actually.” Finn likes the idea and feels more comfortable knowing he’s not just going to be mooching off of Poe. Now he just has to find a job. >>>> It’s a bright and beautiful day when Finn wakes up in the morning. He gets ready quickly in hopes of catching Poe before he left for work but much to his dismay he’s already gone. Still though, he feels surprisingly refreshed and with a clear goal ahead in his life. Deciding to drink his coffee outside by the poolside ( amazing ), he completely forgets all about the cat. BB rushes out the sliding door in another blur of orange and hops over the hedge/fence that separates Poe’s backyard from his neighbors. “Shit.” Finn runs after him? Her? The cat and hops a little to try and see over the hedge. Which honestly looks a little creepy. “BB, here BB. Here kitty, kitty.” He half yells hoping for a miracle that the cat comes back and he doesn’t get kicked out for losing Poe’s cat, but also that he doesn’t disturb the neighbors. After a few moments of calling for the dumb cat, Finn didn’t want to resort to his last option of bothering Poe’s neighbor but it looks like he might actually have to. He heads over, making sure to close the house up and lock it with the key Poe gave him and knocks politely at the door. He doesn’t have to wait long at all before a fit brunette in yoga pants and sports bra opens the door. “Yes?” She questions in a smooth English accent, giving Finn a nonthreatening once over, slightly panting and sweaty. Finn probably interrupted her workout. “I’m sorry to bother you, but did you have happen to see an orange cat-?” “Who? BB?” Yoga pants smirks and opens the door a little more and Finn can see BB chilling in her living room. “Yea, that’ll be it.” Finn squints. “You a friend of Poe’s?” She’s eyes him playfully and wipes some sweat off her forehead. “Sorta.” Finn shrugs. “Um, it’s a long story.” “Oh? I love long stories. I’m Rey.” She extends a hand but then remembers she just wiped sweat on it and blushes, wiping it on her pants. “Sorry.” Finn chuckles. “It’s ok, I’m Finn.” “C’mon in Finn.” Rey doesn’t wait for him to respond and leads the way into the house. Finn hesitates for a moment before following and closing the door behind him. The layout is similar to Poe’s house, an open plan but a bit smaller. “BB comes over all the time, it’s not a big deal.” She informs him and drys off with a blue towel hanging off the couch. The same couch that BB is lounging on, Finn glares at it for causing him so much trouble already. “You hungry?” She asks heading into the kitchen. There must be something about Finn that screams: FEED ME, or something 'cus... “Um, I should probably just get the cat and take it back to the house.” Finn scratches the back of his sheepishly. “You staying with Poe or something?” Rey presses and gets a bowl out from the fridge. “Sorta, yeah.” “Ok, well that means we’re neighbors now right?” “I guess?” “Well what kind of neighbor would I be if I didn’t welcome you to the neighborhood? Anyways, I was getting ready to eat myself. Why don’t you join me. BB isn’t going anywhere and I could use the company, unless you have someplace else to be.” “Nope, not at the moment.” “Great. Ever had gazpacho?” >>>> “Shut up.” Rey gapes at him in disbelief after he gets done telling her the story of how Poe and him know each other. “Like married, married?” “Is there another kind?” “Good point. No. That’s hilarious.” Rey leans back in the lawn chair. They decided to eat outside next to her pool since it was so nice out. “More like awkward.” “No, really. I didn’t think things like this actually happened.” Rey quietly laughs. “So 3 months? You’ll be living here for 3 months?” “That’s the plan, gotta find a job though.” Finn remembers he does have something to do today. “Oh! There’s a place down by the beach that hiring waitstaff. We could take a walk down there if you want.” Rey suggests happily and Finn is starting to feel like maybe they just became best friends. Not just because of how helpful she’s being but just an overall general feeling, kind of like they’ve been friends this whole time already. “That would be amazing!” Finn beams, fortunate of his luck to have met her. They finish their breakfast? Lunch?-Brunch, and head out towards the beach, with Rey leading the way. “So how do you know Poe? You guys just neighbors?” Finn inquires for small talk even though it’s not really needed. The silence is comfortable, but he’s a little curious. “I actually work with him. Well sort of work with him. I work with Skywalker who is Poe’s boss’s brother.” “Oh so you’re a lawyer too?” Finn tries to follow along. “Mhmm, I do freelance work though.” Rey explains. “Like contracted stuff.” “Oh that’s cool.” “Yea, gives me a little bit of more freedom to pick and choose what I want and I get to work from home more.” “Sounds like the life.” “Yeaaaa.” Rey chuckles. “What about you? I mean obviously you need a job, but what are you about? What are your dreams” She asks half sarcastically. “Just trying to make my way through life.” Finn shrugs having not really thought about it. “Oh there’s gotta be something.” “I don’t know...I always thought about maybe owning my own food truck.” Finn thinks out loud a little embarrassed. He’s never really told that to anyone before. “It’s dumb.” “No! That’d be cool.” Rey bumps her shoulders with his playfully. “Finn’s creations.” She waves both hands in the air, imagining a sing. “No, Finn’s treats.” “Shut up.” Finn blushes, but laughs. If only . “Maybe one day.” “I’ll be your first customer.” Rey smiles widely at him and he can’t help but to mimic it. “Yea, yea, don’t make promises you can’t keep.” Finn rolls his eyes. “Pinky swear.” Rey gasps. They get to the tiny little restaurant, or more like cafe, that Rey was talking about humorously called Shark Bites, and Rey waits patiently outside while Finn applies instead. “Hired on the spot!” Finn joins her outside with a pep in his step. “Ayyyeee.” Rey gives him a high five. “I start tomorrow, thanks a bunch by the way. I don’t know what I would’ve done without you today.” “Nah.” Rey shrugs but with a smirk. “Want to hang out and be a beach bum for a little bit?” “Um yeah.” Finn smiles dumbly. He considers his streak of luck and good fortune while relaxing on the sand next to Rey, listening to the waves push and pull on the shoreline. While things have suddenly and surprisingly been going well, he tries not to get to comfortable in the fact. There’s always a shoe waiting to drop somewhere. Notes: thanks for reading! :) once again no beta so if theres errors my b Notes: No beta tags subjected to change as we go along This came from a sudden burst of inspiration, so we'll see where it goes thank you for reading!