Preface Austin, Texas had been a much different place than had been described to her growing up. The promise of job opportunities and a fresh start had enticed her from an early age, she longed to be anywhere but Jakku, Texas.When she finally decided to go to the state capital in hope of new opportunity she had expected to be welcomed with open arms. Instead she was greeted with hours in traffic, shitty drivers and more construction she had ever seen in her life. She hadn't realized that Austin was more that the pictures she had seen. It wasn't just a pretty skyline but rather a huge city filled with close to a million people... Maybe it was being from a small town of 1,800 people but she felt so small and insignificant when she got off the bus in downtown Austin. She shrugged her only possessions onto her back, picked up her guitar and made her way to the nearest hostel. She only had 2000 dollars and she had been determined to make it last. Chapter 2 : Dream on Notes: I DO NOT own any person or place mentioned in this story! I also don't work at these places! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Rey is a list maker, and although the first few weeks in Austin had been rough she continued to check things off her list. She had found a waitressing job that allowed her to pay rent with her new craigslists roommates Finn and Poe, though maybe roommates isn’t the best word to describe her living situation. They shared a modest studio apartment and maybe it wasn’t always ideal, but that is what happens when a musician and two artists move in together. Luckily on her days off, whenever she decided she wasn't going to be lazy, she was able to explore her surroundings and got to play wherever she really wanted. Today however was one of her lazy days, after a 14 hour shift the day prior she laid on her mattress groaning. “FINN! How am I ever going to make money as a musician if they make me work so many hour the next day it feels like my soul is tired?” She could her him chuckle at her complaining since he was only a few feet away, each twin mattress taking up a corner of the apartment to give everyone a sense of “personal space.” “You get up, soul tired, and go out and play. That’s all you can do.” Finn replied seriously, remembering his first few months in Austin. “You do what you have to do to make a name for yourself! And one day you might be a local artist being featured in a coffee shop like… THAT’S IT!! Do open mics at coffee shops and shit!” Another groan escaped Rey in acknowledgment at his idea, “fine,” she sighed loudly. “I’ll go look around at ‘Coffee Shops and Shit’.” Poe yelled from the bathroom “Maybe get some new shirts while you are at it! The Grunge look is unbecoming of you!” Rey knew he meant it jokingly but she still felt a sting at his comments knowing that this was one of the few shirts she actually owned. She went to her small trunk that was graciously handed down to her by Poe and grab the only dress she owned and threw it on. With a look of determination, a bag for change, her guitar and 5 dollars she made her way up Congress with no real destination hoping to at least make a few dollars and perhaps buy a shirt as Poe had so nicely suggested. Stopping in front of Homeslice on Congress and Elizabeth she began to play “Dream On” hoping to show off her vocal range and praying to herself that someone would request something other than “Freebird” today. Before she knew it 6 hours had passed and she had made almost 27 whole dollars, and earned herself a free slice of supreme pizza from the manager. Packing up she went to the nearest shop deciding it was okay to splurge on new shirt after a moderately successful day. Even if she never made it to an actual coffee shop. Returning home to her humble abode she was greeted with a scene that she yet to witness and left her a bit in shock. After weeks of living with Finn and Poe she had never taken the time to notice that they were in fact a couple. So when she walked in on them in the compromised position of Poe on his knees she couldn’t control the noise that escaped. With a quick apology Rey closed the door and tried to erase the image, of her from her brain. The idea of anyone being gay had never crossed her mind, it was probably due to that fact she was from such a small and closed-minded town. The fact that he mother had dumped her the doorstep of the church was enough scandal to fill the town for years to come. She couldn’t imagine the uproar of ignorance that would have happened if anyone had ever came out. She had never even let herself explore the possibility that she could even find someone of the same-sex attractive. Rey sat outside their apartment complex making a to-do list for the next month. Top of the list was to get a cell phone. She wanted to avoid invading their privacy ever again. Maker knows if she ever became intimate with someone she would want to avoid the situation she had just put them in. Glancing down to her watch she decided it was time to go back, and face the situation at hand. Picking up her self described junk she began to ascend up the stairs only to run into Finn making his way down the stairs. Her face suddenly felt hot with embarrassment as images of the scene early began to flash in her head. “I’m so s-” she began, Finn cutting her off with an apology of his own. “We should have put a sock on the door or something it was so spontaneous! We are so sorry.” The arguments of sorrys began as they tried to apologize over each other, finally being stopped by Poe who had finally caught up with. “Can’t we just agree that we are all sorry? And go get a drink, I’m buying. With a mutter of agreement from Finn and a smile from Rey, they began their trek to Güero's for Nachos and Beer or Dr. Pepper in Rey’s case. Rey being too young to drink enjoyed her nachos while watching everyone in the bar enjoy the night. There weren’t many people but enough to make the bar feel loud. She couldn't imagine how loud it got on the weekends. “I want to get a cell phone” she announces loudly to her no longer sober friends who acknowledge her with a nod. Sipping at her Dr. Pepper she feels eyes on her back and curiosity getting the best of her, she turns. Only to be greeted with a man making direct eye contact with her. He’s handsome she thinks to herself if anything he has an interesting face… But something about him makes her want to know more. Notes: Once again no beta! Sorry for horrible writing or mistakes. Chapter 3 : Favorite Colors and Pet's Names Summary: In which Poe and Finn are completely inebriated. Notes: Thanks for reading!! I don't own anyplaces, or persons in my story! If you like tell me! If you hate a await you verbal punch!(: After giving Finn and Poe the heads up to where she was going. She forced on her most confident look she made her way to the mysterious man. “Is there something on my face?” She asked with a bite “cus’ you're staring awfully hard.” The man looked almost taken aback by her. She hadn't meant to come off so harsh but rather express her discomfort of his constant gaze.He sputtered an apology at her, obviously hoping to defuse the bomb he had set. “I’m- I hadn't meant to- forgive me, there is nothing on your face I was saw your guitar case next to you and thought perhaps I might have recognized you” Was this guy for real? She thought to herself. She looked him over once more. Making a mental note of his obvious attempt of being as hipster as he could possibly manage. Down to the glasses she was sure he probably didn't need. With a chuckle at his expense she stuck out her hand to him and introduced herself. “My name is Rey, and I doubt you know me. I just moved here from the Middle of Nowhere, Texas. And you are…?” “Most people call me Kylo” he said shaking her extended hand “and where exactly is the Middle of Nowhere, Texas?” “About fifteen miles southeast of Del Rio, if you hit Mexico you've gone too far. Most people just call it Jakku though.” His face cracked into a full smile at the directions given to him. She felt a warm feeling in the pit of her stomach. Realizing she was still holding on to his hand, she quickly pulled it away. Trying to shift the attention away from her sudden movement she asked why he had been so interested in her guitar case anyway. “I'm a musician,” he explained as if were written on his forehead and she was already supposed to know the answer “I'm in a band, we’re called The First Order” “That must be exciting,” she said genuinely interested “what do you play?” With the tiniest of smirks playing on his lips he turned the question to her “ what do you think I play?” “Well based on your staring I’d guess guitar… Or bass unless you were using the world's worst pickup line.” “Well you guessed correct for the most part. I play Bass in the band, but I know my way around the guitar if needed. And as for the world’s worst pickup-” A sudden crash caught her attention and forced her to turn away from Kylo, Finn found the shortest path to the floor was by falling off his stool. Rey muttered an apology at Kylo and rushed over to her obviously shit-faced friend. Between helping him get back to his feet and Poe’s fit of laughter at his boyfriend’s struggle to get back to his feet, it was evident that getting both men back home was going to be a task she couldn't handle on her own. Almost begrudgingly she made her way back to Kylo. “My roommates are really drunk… And I can't get them both home. And I know we just met but I was wondering if you wouldn't mind helping me. I know this is really weird but I just can't do it..” Her embarrassment was evident on her blushing face as she finally had gotten a hold on her rambling and met his eye. “Of course I will help.” He answered almost too smoothly for her liking. He whistled getting the attention of what she could assume were his friends, a tall blonde woman and an almost taller red headed man, just to give them an idea of his leaving. Placing a 20$ on the table he stood and suddenly she felt very short only able to make eye contact with his shoulder she had to look up to meet his gaze. “Ready?” He questioned nonchalantly. “Yeah, let's go” she replied trying to sound as nonchalant as she led the way to back to her friends. Scooping up her guitar case and bag she pulled Poe towards her, as Kylo offered a shoulder to Finn, “come on guys, time to go home.” Making their way to his car, which was the nicest thing that could have happened honestly, holding onto her drunk friends with Kylo wasn't as bad as it probably should have been... They talked back and forth about basic things. Favorite colors, pets and such, trying not to be too serious while practically dragging Finn and Poe down the sidewalk. After finally getting her friends into the backseat of his car, they began the short journey to the apartment. “Do you want to go on a date tonight?” Kylo inquired suddenly “Don't you think we are a little busy?” she quipped back. “I didn't mean right this second. After we drop off Joe and Steve back there” he cracked with a smile. “Poe and Finn” she corrected “and I don't know. I don't want to abandon them.” “Don't think of it as abandoning, they are going to be asleep all night anyway, it's only 10:30,” he motioned to the dashboard “come on might as well have some fun.” “Make a left at the next light,” she instructed. Finally pulling into the parking lot Rey thanked him for his help “I got it from here,” she said matter-of-factly. Trying her best to not look like she was struggling. “Yeah, no. Let me help.” Then grabbing her guitar case, bag and Poe he began escorting him to the staircase. “Lead the way.” He smirked as he waited for them. Holding on to Finn’s side and helping him walk up to the stairs proved rather difficult when every few steps Finn insisted on stopping because he didn't feel well. Finally making it to the stairs she guided kylo and the boys up to the third floor and into the apartment. “Poe goes in the far right corner,” Pointing to the mattress furthest away “and my stuff goes across from him in that back left mattress.” She was finally able to get Finn into his own bed, parallel to Poe's. How had she never noticed they were together she wondered to herself. Being brought back to Kylo’s presence in their apartment when she heard the soft thwack of the change in her bag hitting the floor. She turned her head just in time to Kylo place her guitar gently on her mattress before sitting down next to it. “So, how about that date?” Notes: This fic is going to be a lot longer than my last and a lot less angsty. If you like it, Great! If you hate it, I am ready to experience the punch of your hatred!