Joy? The base was under attack. Detonators were being lobbed. Blasters were spraying across the flight line, pelting the crates and ships they were trying to hide behind. “You’ll have to try harder than that!” Poe Dameron called from his place crouched behind a stack of crates. He dug around in his pack for another projectile and lobbed it without looking in the direction of his foe. For a minute, the air hung quiet. Poe took the chance and peaked out over the top of his cover. There was a lone body splayed out on the permacreet. Beyond, behind another stack of obstacles, he could barely make out a couple of the dark heads of his enemies. He watched the body, but still she didn’t move. She was under the wing of one of the fighters; if he stayed low, he could make it without giving up too much of an opening. He briefly wondered if she was actually hurt. With a grunt of frustration, Poe darted from his place of hiding, ducking and weaving behind the myriad of makeshift barriers. They fired at him, but he tossed a few readied grenades in their direction and none of the shots hit their mark. His trousers tore as he slid in behind the landing struts. He grabbed hold of her vest and dragged her limp body back behind the cover with him. “Hey, you good?” he asked, giving her a quick glance over. There are no marks on her clothes and despite the carnage around them, she appeared clean and dry. “Euli?” he said her name and shook her, now actually worried. It wasn’t until he was crouched over her, trying to find a pulse, when he felt the steady stream of liquid against his chest and saw the pistol he had failed to notice before. “You’re dead,” she declared, smiling up at him. Then she yelled across the battlefield, “I got him! I got him!” Poe frowned as his undefeated reign came to an end. Across the way, Snap and Jess came out from behind where they were hiding and started clapping and cheering. Other hollers and hisses followed. “I thought you were on my team!” She shrugged, “They had the moral high ground: regime change.” Poe snorted as he stood. He pulled open his pack and dumped what remained of his water-filled grenades onto her, laughing as they burst against the permacreet. Even as she put her hands up and squirmed in the cold puddles now surrounding her, Euli laughed. Poe Dameron: Master champion of Resistance water sports; now, a fallen despot. Chapter 2 : Blush? Summary: February 2nd: Blush - 200 words - Sparkling eyes peek through the door. Character blushes at the attention. And then...? Notes: Given the theme, "Love and War," I figured these prompts would eventually lead in a sexual direction necessitating a ratings bump. Did not think it would be on the second day... Stumbling were the feet. Groping were the hands. Did he hit the lights when he hastily slapped the door control? Or had her back hit it as he pushed her up against the wall? First the shirts, then the trousers; belts, shoes, all the accessories shed and scattered. She preferred the lights. She wanted to watch his body as he moved over her. Every fold of skin and stretch of muscle, she wanted to study it, devour it. The way he stopped the tour his lips were taking and looked at her, the hunting gaze in his dark eyes and that smug grin, he was going to enjoy the show just as much. He kept watching her, as his lips dragged back down across her chest; the coarse hairs on his face tickling the sensitive skin of her breasts. His fingers dug into her hips as she rocked impatiently against him. “Poe…” Those hungry looks, the way he pressed against her, and just the view of him, elicited that wanton moan of his name. And he smiled, that satisfied smirk. His movements became tortuously lazy. Every hitch of her leg and encouraging arch of her hips was met with firm resistance. Hands, eager to spur him along, were pressed back into the mattress. His name left her lips again, this time in an almost growl, wanting, demanding. It was near infuriating the way it excited him to build her need and then leave her begging. His lips trailed back upwards, nipping across her neck and jaw. She tried to catch those tormenting lips with her teeth, but he pulled away. His eyes, now just as needy, watched her annoyed expression twist into pleasure as he pressed himself against the the slick entrance to her body. He hummed contentedly at her pleading moans, sinking slowly, bit by bit, into her. He murmured something indiscernible, probably some cheeky remark, but she wanted to steal away his arrogance. While his hands were occupied holding him upright, trying to maintain his wickedly slow pace, her knee hooked over his hip. She met each dip of his cock with a brief thrust of her hips, and was rewarded with a grunt as he dragged his lower lip between his teeth; his eyes drifting shut. “I never get my way,” his voice rumbled in his chest as he pressed his body against hers. His lips found hers as his pace quickened, pushing further and further. At any other time, she would have have rolled her eyes at him. As if this wasn’t exactly the way he had wanted it: her begging and moaning and bucking underneath him. Again she said his name, this time in a gasping cry as he drove her to the edge. Legs and arms clutched around him. Only a few more purposeful thrusts and she was gone. He eked every ounce of pleasure from her quaking muscles, until her still rocking hips pulled him with her, until they were both a mass of tangled, twitching limbs. Flushed. Sated. Chapter 3 : Fear Summary: February 3rd: Fear - 100 words - Our heroes receive a warning about the enemy's latest battle plans. Notes: During the planning of the attack on Starkiller Base. A hint of things to come in a sequel... In the glow of the computer consoles and the mesh of voices talking around him, Poe pushed away the blistering memories to the edge of his consciousness. Days had passed, and yet he still felt the wound from that violent invasion into his mind. Once his gathered peers had settled, Poe delivered the summary of Snap’s report. There was shock at the display; hushed, fearful whispers of their enemy’s super weapon. Han Solo was as cocky as ever; cocky the way Poe usually was, should have been. When the General delivered the news that the weapon was being charged and that D’Qar was their target, Poe’s stomach dropped. The First Order may have never gotten the map. Finn and Rey and BB-8 together had seen to that. But the First Order never would have chased after them if… And D’Qar never would have been in their sights if… If he hadn’t been weak. If he hadn’t loved. If it hadn’t been for her ... Chapter 4 : Wistful Summary: February 5th: Wistful - 100 words - What could have been? Oh, if only they were here now! She thought of him often. Anytime there was the hum of starfighter engines overhead, or a small HoloNet blurb on the controversial Resistance. Once she had come across a recruitment projection with Poe Dameron declaring “ I Want You! Join The Resistance ” which had stirred her insides in a way that only he could. He tried not to think of her. He put her precious memories into a corner of his mind and focused on his mission. As his X-Wing settled down on the sands of Jakku and he began walking towards the town, his hands jammed into the pockets of his jacket. His fingers found the long forgotten object: the tiny orange helmet, the party favor she had bought for him on Yavin. His fingers curled around it for just a second, recalling the smile on her face, and then let it go; his focus returning to the mission. She tried not to think of him. She didn’t want the image of him swirling in her mind with the dark thoughts. Blasters weren’t that messy. The blood on her hands was metaphorical, but it was still there. Any city, even the jewel of the new Capital, had the seedier locations, the ones that weren’t in the brochure. She had found the worst cantina in the worst part of town, ordered the worst bit of booze she could afford and tried not to think of how she had let him down. He thought about her during the ride on that black shuttle. A stormtrooper had found the small, plastic toy in his pocket and discarded it into the sand. He didn’t show that it had meant anything; didn’t want them to question why he would put value on such an item. Outward he kept his brash attitude; inside he held onto the hope that he would find her again. As he was dragged through the Finalizer’s hangar, he gaped at the enormity of it; at the rows upon rows of TIE fighters and the perfectly marching lines of stormtroopers. His hope frayed and he tried not to think that he had let her down. Chapter 5 : Bickering Summary: February 6th: Bickering - 200 words - What says love more than a heaping helping of belligerent sexual tension? Notes: That built-from-scratch speeder competition I offhandedly mentioned back in Chapter 11 ? I guess this is it? “The thrust initiator is backwards!” “You just have to loosen the bolt and then it rotates!” Poe threw his hands up into the air and turned his back to the hunk of metallic debris that was supposed to be a speeder. Euli kept prattling on about turning radius and he started launching into why that wasn’t how it worked . Snap glanced up from where he and Karé were working nearby and shook his head. The pair of them had been arguing non-stop since the build timer started. “At least that’s one team we won’t have to worry about,” Karé commented as she went back to adjusting something on their own half-built speeder. “The retro repulsors are backwards, too! What happens when you need to slow down?” “Why are you braking?” Euli snapped back at Poe. “ It’s a race! ” “Do you think we should tell them none of the wiring is even connected?” Snap asked, his head tilted to the side as he gazed at their very sad machine. “I don’t think they care.” Snap cocked an eyebrow at Karé, but then glanced back to where Poe and Euli had begun shoving each other. Pushing away from their marked off spot in the hangar, remarks still biting back and forth at each other as they headed off towards…. Snap turned back around sharply and picked up a tool. When Karé looked over at him and winked, Snap couldn’t help the blush that had started to color his cheeks. “That’s inappropriate. What if someone needs an extra charge pack or a bolt gun?” Karé just snickered. Chapter 6 : Bravado? Summary: February 4th: Bravado - Super Saturday word count - - pay an escalation cost for each add-on. 400 words - The Characters must act quickly! Out the door, down the road, fearlessly onward, they will meet their enemies on the field of battle! + 200 words - Some verbal or physical muscle flexing from the troops. + 200 words - An inspiring speech. + 200 words - Adventure awaits! Notes: I wanted to do something a little different for the Saturday prompt (hence why it's not on Saturday). This is an AU where Poe and Euli are Jedi at the Conclave on Kessel . It's one of the last gathering of Jedi after the Purge. (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) “It’s going to be all right, my Padawan,” Master Euli Avedis told her apprentice softly. Her fingers just touched his cheek and then moved, tracing down the braid of hair hanging over his shoulder. Poe Dameron was a Padawan in title only; he should have been, would have been, knighted if it hadn’t been for the betrayal. He tried to offer his teacher a smile. Even if he didn’t believe her, they both wanted to embrace the lie for the sake of comfort. His hand started to reach out to her, to pull her in close, but they both took abrupt steps backwards as a wave of familiar energy pulsed down the corridor towards them. Though their Order was gone and there were no sanctions that could be levied against them, there was still that guilt over having broken one of its tenets. “Master Avedis, it is good to see that you and your Padawan survived,” Master Koffi Arana said as he approached the pair. He was a dark-skinned, middle-aged human; his brown robes showing signs of having been burned by blaster fire, though he appeared to be in good health. “That makes it a clean dozen so far. The others are waiting further in.” Poe and Euli exchanged a frowning look. It was a sad state if only twelve Jedi had made it to the rendezvous on Kessel. Master Shadday Potkin had called for the Conclave to rally what remained of the Jedi; to try and fight back against the monster that had culled their numbers. Master Arana led them through the abandoned mine, a surprisingly large space considering. Both Master and Apprentice noticed, however, that most passageways had already been cordoned off and make-shift barricades erected. There was no doubt they were preparing for, and expecting, a fight. “I’ve got a bad feeling about this,” Poe grumbled under his breath. Master Arana just cocked an eyebrow at the young man as he glanced back. “I’m sure you two will like what Master Potkin has to say.” Poe watched as Euli’s expression twisted into a scowl, though he wasn’t sure if she was irritated because she rarely liked anything Master Potkin had to say, or that their secret affair had not been so secret. The words of Master Potkin could be heard echoing down the hall, off the hard rock of the old spice mine. She was trying to rally the support of those she had gathered, convince them of the path she had chosen. “However powerful, Vader is one , and we are many. ”* Poe could feel the anger, and even the hate, radiating through the room. Most of those gathered were Knights and Masters, only he and one other were still Padawans. All that they had been taught about the Code and harnessing one's emotions seemed to have disappeared as well in the Purge. Their leader, the human woman with the crown of dark hair wearing green vestments, Master Shadday Potkin, felt particularly unhinged. Her grief was practically a solid mass he could reach out and touch. She had spoke of the mysterious creature, Vader. Poe had not heard much about him, other than rumors that he was Palpatine’s chief Jedi hunter. “What is with this Vader? Why is he so intent on killing us?” The Padawan’s question was met with uncomfortable glances from the Masters. When he looked to his own, Euli just shook her head at him. It seemed it was the wrong question to ask. “Are you afraid, Padawan?” The look that Master Potkin gave him was withering. Rather than shrink back into his robes, Poe stood up straighter and pushed his shoulders back. “Of course not. I’d just like to know my enemy.” His hand just brushed against the cylinder at his hip. “Any advantage in the battle ahead.” That drew a satisfied smirk from Master Potkin as well as grins and nods of approval from the other Jedi. Euli continued to look apprehensive about the entire situation. “We shouldn’t be so quick to seek him out, Shadday,” Euli said, her hands folding into her own battle-torn robes. “We should find others and gather our strength. Discover where he’s weakest.” But Master Potkin just sneered at the suggestion. “No more debate. No more reflection. No need of planning. Our prey comes to us.” There were gasps in the group as she finally revealed the crux of her plan. “When he is dead, the Emperor will be crippled and know fear. And the galaxy will know the Jedi live. ”* The typically even-tempered Jedi erupted into shouting, most trying to stress the need for rational thinking in this tumultuous time. Poe realized the palpable feeling he had felt from Master Potkin wasn’t grief--she was drenched in bloodlust. Even Master Arana had the audacity to suggest using the dark side to aid them. With the fall of their Order, they had gone mad. Though often brash and strong in her own right, Euli found her way back to Poe’s side and shrunk next to him, suddenly looking small in her dirty, tan robes. The institutions that had propped them up were all gone now and each were grieving and dealing with it in their own way. Her hand found his; cold fingers curling around tightly, seeking warmth and support. “I can’t give up what we believed so easily.” His hand squeezed hers, responding quietly, “We’re still Jedi. And if Vader comes here, we’ll fight him. It won’t be revenge the way Shadday wants; it will be because stopping him is the right thing to do, for the whole galaxy.” The monster’s metallic voice could be heard bellowing through the chamber. Vader was screaming for Obi-Wan Kenobi. In return, Master Potkin taunted the Sith lord, monologuing about the trap she had set for him. Vader offered not to kill whoever came forth with Master Kenobi’s location, but the other Jedi refused and set upon him with ignited sabers. Behind the fearsome, black-armored creature swarmed the white troopers, firing their blasters. A blade of cobalt erupted from the cylinder in Poe’s hand and next to him, Euli had one of orange. While many of the other Jedi rushed Vader, Master and Padawan hung back and tried to manage the onslaught of troopers. They deflected the bolts from the blasters, protecting each other. The carnage was unceasing and bodies began to pile up; mostly those of the troopers who were the fodder of the battle, but there were a few of their Jedi peers that had been cut down. For a time, it seemed the Jedi had the upper hand on the Sith. He had lost limbs and was howling in pain, but still he manipulated the Force as his weapon against in his enemies. The pain, it seemed, had made him stronger, more formidable. And then, Master Arana, consumed by his rage, turned on young Knight Swan whose only crime was offering a crippled Vader the chance to surrender. Euli, distracted by the murder of the kind Jedi, took two blasts center mass. Poe grunted and nearly cried out, feeling her pain and her fear, and the life quickly fading away. He deflected several more bolts and watched as Vader lifted a shard of metal and impaled Master Arana. There were fewer targets now. A bolt caught Poe in the shoulder and then the leg, sending him to the ground. Wincing through the pain, he pushed himself across the floor towards his fallen Master, his forbidden love. He laid practically on top of her; hands on her face as he listened to her last, rasping breaths. “The Force is with you, Poe.” For a second, he doubted. Doubted that any of them truly understood the nature of the Force or their place in it. Her light had gone out. Her thread cut. And his soon followed. Notes: *These are lines from the Legends comic "Star Wars: Purge."