It was a cold and unruly night on the desert of Jakku. Usually the girl in white was happy. People whispered stories. She was seen only when the stars were aligned, and because of the enormity of the Galaxy, that was a rarity. Her mother banished her to this desert, punishing her from seeing her true love of prosperity and the green life she made. The reason being the daughter questioned the life of her own creations. She wondered about its downfall, its destruction. She wanted to see their death. Her mother couldn't even fathom that her daughter thought this way so she placed her daughter where the grass would never grow, where unhappiness and cold shoulders were common. She learned to get by somehow but she would always feel this emptiness, this longing. Even when she was with her mother it was not the same. The stars were dull that night, much as her own eyes. She stayed by an oasis, attempting at making the smallest spark. She didn't dare cry. She was too afraid of losing her own self even though she was immortal. How many times would she scream, wake with a start, or wish for forgiveness and help until it was all over? She was desperate for anything, anyone. It had been months. That night, she felt a change in her energy. It was strange and dangerous, yet inviting. Something in her told her to go to it. As much as it hurt, she held down her sobs and wobbled to her aching feet. She had walked for so long. She stumbled over a sand dune and there it was. A forest glowing, flourishing, living. Trees twice the size of her and flowers of every color bloomed in front of her. She started into a run. It was something of a dream. She hardly remembered what it was like to be around life. She fell on her knees in the middle of it, making sure it was real. Her hands ran through the fresh grass before she laid on her back, accepting the feeling once more. There was a crack of a twig. Her attention was caught immediately. Being on Jakku for a few months has made her very defensive. She sat up and looked around slowly for the intruder. "Do you like it?" She was shaking. Should she answer? No. Not yet. "I thought you'd appreciate it. You've wanted it, have you not?" She tried placing the mechanically rough voice but her mind was buzzing. She was frozen with fear when he came into view. He stepped through the trees and kneeled in front of her. Her eyes were wide. She's heard about him but she never knew what he'd look like, that he'd come after her. He reached out his gloved hand and ran his finger lightly down her cheek. For a god with his reputation, he sure was gentle. "Isn't that right?" He stood up and so did she. She didn't want to take her eyes off him. His face was covered with an elaborate black and silver mask and a hood. He walked around her before placing his hand on her waist and the other hand on her neck. She didn't want to stop him. Why? Her eyes were closed as she took in her situation. "Persephone?" Once he said her name, she opened her eyes, coming back to herself. She spun around, pushing herself away from him but he caught her wrists. A black plume of smoke dissolved the forest, revealing the real sand of the desert that had always been there. Once Persephone had looked around in a panic, blackness enveloped her. Her head was light but her body ached. She woke with gasp, sitting up in bed. In bed? She hadn't rested... Persephone looked around, seeing the masked figure watching her in the corner of the oversized room. "Where am I?" She rasped out. "You are my guest." That didn't answer her question but she took what she could get. She had never been more terrified in her life but she would never admit that to him of all people. He still had that mask on but now his hood was off. She wanted to run but knew her legs would betray her. She was waiting for something to happen and he could tell. He walked to the door, taking careful steps. "I'll be back with refreshments." He shut the door and she threw the blankets off. Persephone ran to each door, opening each one. The only way out was the way he went. She figured it was a long enough gap from the time he left. The door opened slowly and she looked both ways before darting. She ran down velvet covered steps and attempted at opening almost every door she came across. "No." She ran to the next one. "No." She yanked, pulled, and banged in attempt for one to open. "No!" There was one last door and it was probably the largest door she had ever seen. The iron details were sharp and meticulous almost as if they told a story. It was almost beautiful to her. She shook her head before she got any ideas. She yanked at the handle that was as big as her arm with all her strength. At first it wouldn't budge but it slowly began to creak open. She knew he'd come after her with that sound but she didn't care. There was a way out. Persephone snuck through the slimmest crack, not knowing why she looked back as she ran. She ran as far as she could before she reached the edge of a cliff. "Ah!" Rocks slid under her feet as she stumbled to a halt. Murky water threatened her below. It was thick and vile. The River Styx. Her hand reached back for something to hold on to, to pull her away. She felt it. A hand pulled her back. She fell into his chest in fear. "Why would you do that? Do you even know how dangerous that was?" She was trembling in his arms. How could she have known she would find comfort in him? "I'm sorry, Hades." He held her away to look at her face through his mask. With much despair, she let him guide her back inside. He led her back into her room and she sat at the edge of the bed, watching his every move. "I'm sure you want some kind of explanation." She didn't answer but he already knew it. "I have been-" "Wait." "What?" "Take off the mask." "What?" His disbelief made it seem like she said the wrong thing. She didn't want her fear to control her. "Take off your mask or else I won't listen to you." She heard his hands tighten into fists before lifting his hands to his mask. It hissed and clicked before it came off, revealing his face. A slight gasp came from her mouth. She was, nonetheless, surprised by his appearance. His thick black hair surrounded his pale face. His eyes were piercing and his lips were full and pouted. "As I was saying," even his voice was softer without mask, "I've been watching you since you ended up on Jakku." She started listening. "You've been what?" A slight smirk played on his lips before he took a step towards her. "You know who I am. I spoke with the other gods, the gods above Demeter's status. None of them agreed to what she did to you. I-well... I took the responsibility of you-" She stood up. "What? Listen. I don't care who you are. Not even Zeus will tell me what to do. I'm not anyone's responsibility. I'm a goddess." He watched her with intensity. She noticed his lip twitch. "Please if you would just listen-" "No. I'm done listening. Let me go. I don't want to be here, especially with you." He turned away, biting the inside of his cheek. He felt as though he had been slapped. Persephone noticed the sting of her words but didn't take dare take them back. "I don't think you understand completely why I can't. Please, let me explain."His words came out slowly, painfully. She took in a deep breath and sat back down. "Because Demeter decided to stop... Being motherly, Zeus allowed me the task of watching over you. Of course when he allowed it, he told your mother." She hadn't heard from her mother and what seemed like eternity. "What did she say?" She asked anxiously. "She didn't agree with it." No matter what her mother put her through, she still loved her. She even had friends within the gods and demigods she still cared for. "I've been on your side. But, last night, I couldn't stand it-" "You've been there the whole time and you waited until then to help me?" He sat next to her. "I wanted to give you time-" She stood up once more, glaring down at him. "You wanted to give me time to suffer? To learn to hate myself? What did you get from that? If you wanted to become a hero so badly, why wait? Oh no, would it have ruined your reputation as 'King of the Underworld'?" He sat there with his eyes averting hers. For once, she felt badly. For a god of his rank, she never thought she'd have the high ground over him. "Hades, look at me." He did so. "You have to let me go. Please. I have no reason to be here." "Yes you do." She groaned, exasperated. "What then?" He reached for her small hands and caressed them with fragility. His eyes, glistening with tears, looked up at her freckled face. "I love you." Her surprise caught in her throat before she stepped back, letting her hands slip out of his. "That's why I had to wait. I needed to know if my feelings were true." It was hard to hear him. This couldn't be happening. The God of the Underworld, the God of Death itself, was in love with her. "Persephone," he reached out to her but she held up a hand. "No. Don't. Please." He watched her. He would never stop watching her now that she knew. She faced the wall so couldn't see his face. Suddenly her shoulders began to shake. Her tears fell rapidly down her cheeks after months of holding it in. She wanted to go home, not be here. She wanted to be happy, not with him. Another reason her tears fled was because no matter how much she plead, she knew she would never see the sky again. He left her alone because she asked of it. He hated seeing her cry, knowing he was the reason and that there was no way to fix it. Unless, there was. Chapter 2 Summary: Persephone is not eating and Hades is as quick as whip. He's not afraid of his use of their human names, so why is she? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) It had been three days. He would come in every hour trying to get something out of her. Silence left him cold. Little did she know what he was doing for her. For the months passed and even now, he had been making a gigantic garden, acres long. It was inside a greenhouse as well so the plants would stay alive under a makeshift sun. It was difficult finding the right foliage around the galaxy that he thought she might enjoy. There were trees growing different fruits and flowers. The right flowers were blooming their exotic petals. It was all for her. Hopefully, by showing her this, she might change her mind. However with every visit, he got one worded answers or nothing at all. She would just lie there. He was getting annoyed. It didn't even seem as though she looked into her closet or go to the bathing area. He had to say something. She wouldn't even eat. He wouldn't wear the mask when he saw her so he ran a hand through his hair before gripping her door handle firmly. "Persephone, I must speak with you. I cannot-" He opened his eyes and found she was not in bed. For once. He looked around and found her by the ivory armoire he specifically had made for her. She was clutching a deep red dress to her chest. She must've just pulled it on since it was falling around her body loosely. He couldn't help but stare at her, maybe for too long. "What're you doing?! Don't stare! Get out!" "Right, I'm sorry." He spun around on his heels and escaped the room. What kind of childish schoolboy was he? His heart was fluttering and he could feel his face burn for being so ashamed that he walked on her getting dressed. But for the generations he's lived, he's seen multiple naked women so why is she the exception? He loves her. That's why. He still couldn't back down and cower from her like some pathetic mortal child. He was the ruler, the King even and she was going to listen to him. He took a deep breath through his nose and turned back towards the door before pounding on it. "Persephone come out here, now." There was a pause. "No." He was willing to break the damn door. "I will come in there again if you're dressed or not!" "Go ahead!" His hands flew to his face. He was ready to tear his eyeballs out. An idea came to his mind. Gods hated when they were called by their human names. Hades, however, didn't mind. It made him feel normal, not like an evil monster that everyone takes him as. He didn't make his reputation; people tell stories. "I will call you by your human name!" She swung the door open. "You would not." He cocked an eyebrow with a sly grin. "I certainly would, my dear." Her lip trembled before she stepped aside, letting him in. "How do you even know my..." She trailed off, remembering that he watched over her. He sat at the edge of her bed. "That's not fair. You know mine but I don't know yours." Her arms were folded but her bottom lip. "I will easily tell you." She walked up to him. "What? You would? Just like that?" He shrugged. "Why not? I do not fear like the other gods do. Once you lived the life I have for centuries, you learn that being afraid is a useless feeling." A human name was sacred to a god. No mere mortal learns it without a price. No one learns it without a price. "Okay so what is it?" "Kylo." He watched her reaction as he said it. "Kylo," she repeated. He nodded. "Hm." Her face eased, accepting it. He must've broken one of her many barriers. Just as the air was starting to get lighter, it was disrupted by a loud groaning sound. "What was that?" Persephone looked around. "I didn't hear anything." It groaned louder this time. Hades stood up and followed the sound. He was on top of it when he was in front of her. "It's coming from you." "I-" "You're hungry, aren't you?" She turned away from, her red dress trailing behind her. "Persephone." She didn't look at him. "Rey," he said sternly. She looked at him with fright. "Yes, okay? I'm hungry, but I haven't been eating..." He clenched his jaw. "Why not?" He reached out for her but she cinched away. Oh. She was scared of him. That's why she wouldn't speak, or eat. "Rey there is nothing to be afraid of. I would never hurt you," he said in his softest tone possible. "Please tell me what's troubling you. Don't be afraid." She rubbed her arms before facing him. "I just thought you might've..." "What?" "I don't know... Poisoned something or did something to the food." He was taken aback. But then again he bring her back unconscious so she would panic during the trip down here. She did have her reasons so he didn't blame her but it still bothered him. "I wouldn't do that. I know it's hard but you have to trust me." She kept her eyes on the floor. When her eyes met his, he felt a knife to his heart. "H-Kylo. If you really want me to trust you, you have to trust me. Let me go." Her hand reached his cheek and he savored the feeling but not the words. He had to hold back his frustrations. They would never meet eye to eye on this. "No." She dropped her hand and walked away. "Rey-" "Stop it." He wanted her happy and he knew that that would never happen if she stayed here. It pained him but he had to do something. For her. He turned around. "I'll make a proposition." She was leaning on the bed post. "If you don't eat then you'll obviously stay here. If you do eat then... Then I'll let you go. But depending on how many bites you take depends on how long you stay here throughout one mortal year." She could take one bite of something and stay here for one month, he didn't care. She had to stay with him one way or another. She looked over at him and he could almost feel her anger. "So either way you win in the situation?" He didn't answer. She gave a sarcastic snort. "Why would I ever think... Fine but I'd rather die of starvation then stay with you." He looked away from her and strode to the door. "I'm sure you'll reconsider." Her face burned with tears and something deep inside told her he was right. Notes: Ok I know the whole name thing is not Greek mythology but it gives it more of a Star Wars feel Chapter 3 Summary: There is a change of outlook. Of thought. Of hunger. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He was testing her. Ever morning she would wake up to a buffet in her room. Different types of meats and vegetables should couldn't place a name for. They always looked so decadent when they were displayed before her. She could've tried one of everything. When she looked up, she saw that sinister grin of his and it reminded her of his schemes. Persephone would walk to the end of the table and pour a glass of water each time, toasting off to him. The dropped expression always made her day. However one day, when she was exceptionally hungry, there was no food to wake up to. There was just him sitting in a chair across the room, watching her. "Where's my display?" She sat up on her elbows. He shook his head and rubbed his eyes. "I'm done trying with you. I," he sighed, "I don't want you to feel like you'd suffer here." "I already am," she murmured. She felt her stomach tightening. He stood up. "It would've made my suffering stop if you stayed." She felt something twist inside her but wasn't sure if that was her stomach or not. "Let me show you something. It might change your mind." He held out a hand for her. Her eyes met his before her hand touched his. Her golden silk nightgown tickled her feet as she walked with him. Her heart raced at an odd pace as they walked together. He certainly did tower her but it wasn't just his height... Something about him kept her on her toes and it wasn't his title. "Ready?" He let go of her and stepped forward to unlock the door in front of them. "I guess." He turned the knob and moved aside, allowing her the full view of the scene ahead. She couldn't hide the audible sound that escaped her lips. Life bore in front of her and for once in a long time, she felt at home. Persephone looked up at Hades and he nodded. She took a hesitant step in and continued. Her fingers reached for the leaves, accepting their thick skins. The moisture in the air made the hair on the back of her neck rise. Her adrenaline was pumping as she allowed everything to surround her all at once. "Do you like it?" "I love it!" She exclaimed. He was surprised and she was too by her reaction. He nodded and delight. "I'll be right back. I have another surprise." He shut the door as he jogged out. Even though the beauty of this place was entrancing, she couldn't ignore her stomach any longer. Her hand flew around her aching body. When Persephone looked up, she saw her fate in her eyes. A singular fruit was right in the light of the artificial sun. One ripe pomegranate hung on a single branch, calling her. Notes: Sorry this was so short. I haven't had a lot of time as of late Notes: I've actually never written anything for this site. I do hope this goes well (I might be speaking too soon) I've always loved the idea of Rey and Kylo being Hades and Persephone and honestly their are not enough AUs about this out there so I decided to join the party.