Search Kylo Ren stands at the view screen of his office aboard the Finalizer , his shoulders tense and hands clenched tightly into fists at his side. His masked glare is fixated on the planet below. He watches its many rings rotate leisurely, but his temper is anything but. Another dead end. Another hearsay that had built up his hopes of finally finding her, only to turn up nothing . He was so sure. So sure this time would be different; that this would be the day he would be reunited with his love. But after months and months of searching and coming up with nothing, one would think he would've learned early on not to build his hopes up so high. It only ended up hurting all the more when they inevitably came crashing down and his lonely heart suffocated under the weight of it all. He works his jaw furiously and regards the planet down below. From space, Clio is truly a sight to behold. A homeworld known for its rich history of music and breathtaking sunsets and lush green fields and endless flowerbeds. His beloved would've loved this planet, he knows she would've been dazzled by the beauty of it. It's so easy to imagine what she would've looked like among Clio's endless fields of greenery. It's so easy to imagine how those lovely hazel eyes would widen in astonishment and childlike wonder as she took in everything. How her silken tresses would be free of those cursed buns and shimmer in the sunlight. She would look so exquisite among the flowers in the cream colored dress he had made for her, its voluminous skirts fluttering about those long, shapely legs. She'd positively glow in the light of the setting sun and then she'd turn to him and smile that bewitching smile he's only seen in his dreams. How easy it is to imagine, to dream, to hope . The thought of his lovely Rey is enough to calm his raging emotions, but not by much. Not when she's slipped through his fingers again. She has been a lot more careful since their last encounter on Ria. It had been weeks before he'd heard any reports regarding his beloved and it nearly gutted him, especially since she cut off her end of the Bond. He would slam himself repeatedly against her walls, demanding she open up to him, to not close him out, that she couldn't close him out. However, she remained resilient, refusing to give in. His scavenger was ever the elusive, defiant little minx. But she cannot hide for long, especially since she has nowhere to go back to. He's made sure of that. Her little list of hideouts are slowly running out, and it is only a matter of time before he finds her. It's just a shame Clio had to go. He knows she loved it. Kylo knows if he were to return to the planet's surface, it would be far from the beautiful structures and vast greenery it was once known for. Clio is just another planet that had turned up empty hopes of finding her and, like the countless others, suffered for it. The planet's pristine ivory capital had been painted crimson, buildings burned to the ground and screams of terror filled the skies, clouded with smoke. Those foolish enough to try and fight back were swiftly dealt with, courtesy of the legion of death troopers at his disposal. If there was one thing Kylo Ren would not tolerate was failure, especially when regarding her . The officer that referred the informant had been dealt with, of course. Executed on the spot whilst pleading for his life. Though satisfying to observe, it did nothing to truly quench his fury. The ill-fated informant himself and his associates had been also dealt with, and that was much more satisfying because Kylo handled that one personally . After all, they were the reason why he'd gotten his hopes up in the first place. They assured him that their contacts on Clio weren't wrong. They were sure they'd spotted the Jedi in the marketplace, trying (and failing) to fit in with the well-dressed civilians in her worn hooded cloak and worn clothes. How unfortunate for them when it was discovered their intel was a week late and by the time he arrived she was long gone. It was immensely pleasing bringing down his saber as they begged and wept for their pitiful lives, that it was an honest mistake, promising that they would deliver next time. He'd smirked behind his mask. As if they were worthy of any second chances. He hacked and hacked and hacked away, ignoring the bloodied gurgles and screams but taking pleasure in whichever limb came in contact with the overzealous swinging of his lightsaber. By the time a majority of his fury dissipated, the council room had been turned into a slaughterhouse; body parts littered the floor, blood and bits of flesh and innards coating the walls and floors and himself. He hadn't bothered with cleaning himself up. He'd just barked at Hux through his comlink to send down a sanitation crew and stormed off to his office, fuming and leaving behind a trail of bloody boot-prints in his wake. Kylo clenches his fists so tightly, he can feel his nails bite into his thick leather gloves. He's tried everything and nothing works. He begged, pleaded that she stop fighting him, put an end to these endless games of cat-and-mouse and come to him. At the very least, allow him to find her and still she refuses to yield. Part of him relishes in her defiance; he knows she enjoys his pursuit of her, his relentlessness. He knows it shows his devotion and speaks volumes to his Rey, tells her that he would do anything, will do anything to have her. And yet a part of him wishes she'd end this aching torment and let him kriffing find her so they can be together again. Ever since Snoke's unfortunate demise at his hands and his ascent to the position of Supreme Leader, there was nothing that Kylo Ren couldn't have. He had power. He had influence. He was the single-handed the most powerful man in the entire galaxy and all would bow before his might. Could Rey not see that he had the means to care for her, provide for her? She would never go without, he would make sure of it. Her lonely childhood and harsh upbringing on that blasted, insignificant sand planet would be but a memory. He would make sure she had everything and anything she desired. The special rooms he crafted just for her ensure that she does. He blames the Resistance for her constant refusal of him. Just thinking about his beloved in the hands of those conniving, lying rebels makes him oh so happy they're no longer a problem. They'd poisoned his beloved's mind and twisted his intentions, no doubt hissing lies in her ears and making him out as the villain. But she knows what she means to him. She has to. She must . She just needs to be guided in the right direction. In time, she will see, and if she doesn't, he will make her see. They will be together whether she likes it or not. They will be together, no matter how many lives or planets are struck down in the process. After all, what's a few hundred thousand to his precious Rey? Soon, she will see. Soon, she will understand. Notes: Whoop, Jackie here with a new fic (ignores COSMIC IRONY giving me the side-eye for not updating it in MONTHS hehehehe). Hopefully I'm faster with updating this fic than my other story. That WILL be updated... soon.... ish. This is what happens when you get bit by a plot bunny at 1 am and just start writing. Was inspired by this comment http://perrydowning.tumblr.com/post/155214142832/in-a-thwarted-alternate-universe-how-would-kylo Perry, I blame you for making me want to make Galactic Idiot suffer. BUT who doesn't love to see our precious idiot suffer, yeah? ;) This story will roughly be maybe 7 chapters? Maybe 10, if I extend a few things here and there. I'll see how I feel. But I'm feeling maybe 10-12-ish chapters. The chapters may very in length. Song that also helped inspire this was "Nymphetamine" by Cradle of Filth