Kylo pushed his wet hair back from his face and squinted at the number on the gate, then down at his phone. 32 Starkilly Place Use basement entrance. The house was a large, red-brick building in a tree-lined suburb. Kylo had taken two buses to get here and he was cold and miserable – he hoped it was the right place, even though from the outside it looked nothing like a clinic. He walked down a sloping driveway and down a set of steps to access the lower door, pressing the button firmly. A posh, masculine voice crackled over an intercom. “Yes?” “I’m Kylo. I have an appointment for… the trial?” “Yes, you’re a little late but we can still fit you in. Proceed down the hall and into the consulting room.” The intercom crackled out and the door buzzed; Kylo pushed it and stepped into a dim hallway that was decorated with anatomy posters and a cork board that had informational leaflets pinned to it about STI checkups and treating erectile dysfunction. The doors off the corridor were mostly closed and unlabeled, but straight ahead he could see one that was propped open. It bore a plaque which read ‘Dr A. Hux’ and there was light shining within. With a flutter of trepidation, Kylo closed the exterior door behind him and walked forward. The consulting room was painted a pale green and had a black and white tiled floor. It smelled of antiseptic and although each piece of furniture looked clean and new, there was something quaint about it: perhaps it was the old-fashioned weighing machine, or the articulated skeleton hanging in the corner, or the wooden cabinets displaying instruments that he hoped were merely collector’s items. There was an examination table, upholstered in black vinyl and draped with a runner of clean white linen. A gauzy curtain hung by it, the rail curving around the bed’s circumference to the adjoining wall. Along the same wall as the table there was a sink, and a row of three small, high windows, up at what must be ground level outside. The adjoining wall had a desk and two chairs and Kylo threw himself down into one of these, shrugging out of his duster coat and bouncing one foot up and down with impatience. He heard the sound of footsteps coming down a set of stairs and then a man appeared through a side door. He was tall and slim with red hair in a neat, rather old-fashioned style with long sideburns. He looked to be in his thirties and was wearing a white coat over a shirt and tie, grey suit trousers, and shiny oxfords. He had a stethoscope draped around his neck and a clipboard tucked under one arm. “Hello. Kylo Ren, is it?” The same voice from the intercom: the kind of accent he would have once called generic ‘British’ but now knew was actually called ‘received pronunciation’, and which meant the speaker had probably gone to a very expensive boarding school. “Yeah, that’s me.” The man in the white coat gave him a long, evaluating look, his face showing no emotion. “Yes,” he said quickly, as if coming to some resolution. “Capital. Shall we get on? I’m Dr Hux. I’ll be conducting the tests today.” Kylo sat up straighter. “Yeah so, it’s a hundred and fifty for each session, right?” A look, perhaps disapproval, came over the other man’s placid face. “That is correct. We will have to go through some initial questions to establish your suitability for the programme first.” “Is it like a cheque, or what? Just, I kind of need payment a.s.a.p.” Kylo thought of the increasingly ominous notes his flatmates had started slipping under his door. “We’re amenable to cash payments, though naturally we keep our own records.” “And the schedule is weekly?” “It could go up to twice a week if you’re a suitable candidate.” “Yeah, that would be great. So… what exactly are the tests?” “Please Mr Ren, I am getting to that. The subject of our research is sperm production and motility. We are particularly interested in the effect of certain kinds of genital and anal stimulation on this, with a view, obviously, to increasing virility and fertility in male subjects.” Kylo’s eyes widened. “You’re not going to connect my dick to an electrode, are you? Or like… cut parts of me open?” “No,” Dr Hux’s lips pursed primly. “The experiments are painless and non-invasive. They are however…” He tapped his pen on the clipboard, “well, one might say potentially embarrassing in nature. Please rest assured that your anonymity will be safeguarded and that if you are uncomfortable with any procedure, you may say so and the test will halt immediately.” “Okay,” said Kylo, blinking. “I will begin with taking a brief medical and sexual history. Is that something you’re comfortable with?” “Sure.” Dr Hux scribbled some information down on his clipboard. “From your accent I assume you are American?” “Yeah.” “Age?” “Twenty-six.” “Occupation?” “Grad student.” “Ah!” Hux looked up. “Biology?” “No, history. I’m writing my thesis on late medieval chivalric codes.” Hux made another of his disapproving faces. “The humanities, I see. Do you suffer from any long-term or chronic conditions?” “Not that I know of.” “Any history of cardiac illness in your family?” “Yeah… my dad… um. He passed away last year.” “I’m sorry to hear that,” said Hux dispassionately. “What about diabetes?” “No.” “Taking any medications?” “No.” “Any allergies?” “Not that I know of.” “Hmm,” more scribbling sounds. “How many sexual partners have you had?” “What?” “Sexual partners. How many?” “I uh… I don’t know. Maybe… fifteen?” “Do you practice safe sex with barriers?” “Condoms? Yeah sure. I mean… there was one long term thing where we didn’t. I might have had a few slip ups when I was younger…” Hux looked up, raising a sceptical eyebrow. “Last sexual health check?” “Eight months ago, maybe?” “Ah, and it was clear?” “Yeah.” “Have you ever had treatment for a sexually transmitted infection?” “Yeah,” Kylo felt his ears burn. “Chlamydia. I think five years back?” “Mmm. That one’s a common little bugger.” Hux scribbled with extra vigor. “How would you describe your sexual orientation?” “I’m bisexual.” “I see. And on the Kinsey Scale?” “What’s that?” “It goes from zero – exclusively heterosexual – to six – exclusively homosexual.” “Four?” “Do you have a current sexual partner?” “No. I’m single.” “Good. Well, tell me about your masturbatory habits.” “Huh?” “How often do you masturbate?” “I mean it’s not like I have a schedule.” Hux raised his eyebrows and tapped his pen on the board. “Here are the options: a) never; b) a few times per year; c) 1-3 times per month; d) 1-3 times per week; e) more than 3 times per week.” “Um,” Kylo felt his ears go redder. “E.” “That’s good for our purposes – we do want to make sure we’re getting a fresh sample, so to speak. However, we ask that you refrain from masturbation twenty-four hours before your appointments here. Will that be a problem?” “No. I mean, shit – I’m not a sex addict!” “I didn’t say you were. Do you practice anal sex?” “Yeah.” “Are you ever the receptive partner?” “Yeah, sometimes.” “Does anal stimulation form a part of your masturbatory habits?” Kylo threw his hands up. “Why the fuck do you need to know that?” “Mr Ren, we can end this session at any time if you are uncomfortable.” “Yeah, I like things in my ass, ok? Happy?” “I’m only collecting the data I’ve been asked for. Each candidate answers the same set of questions and, as I said, it’s anonymised. You will be referred to on paper with a subject number designation.” Hux cleared his throat. “Additionally, we ask that you refrain from use of… pleasure aids or digital insertion for the duration of the experiment.” “Digital insertion?” “Fingering yourself, in common parlance.” “Why…? You know what, don’t answer.” Kylo ran a hand back through his hair distractedly. “Ok, whatever.” Dr Hux glanced down at his notes. “When was your last bowel movement?” “Fuck, why is that important?” “As I said,” he answered with an air of magnanimous patience, “anal stimulation is part of the trial. We don’t want any surprises, do we?” Kylo breathed out slowly, looking up to the ceiling. “Today just after I got up. I guess twelve pm.” “Are you regular?” “How do you mean?” “Would you benefit from a fibre supplement, some mild laxatives, or an enema kit?” “No, fuck – I don’t need help going to the bathroom!” “Very well. Please evacuate your bowels one to three hours before each session.” “Not a problem!” Kylo said, angry and sarcastic in a way he knew made him sound like his father. “If it is a problem, please let me know. I am happy to assist.” “Great! Understood!” “Alright,” Dr Hux put the clipboard aside and put the top back on his pen, slipping it into his front pocket. “I’m going to do a general check-up. Pulse, blood pressure, reflexes, heartbeat, breathing. Ok?” When Kylo nodded sullenly Dr Hux got up and opened a tall cupboard, taking out a piece of pale green folded cloth. “Here’s a gown for you. You may pull the curtain if you wish.” “Should I… take off everything ?” “Yes. The split goes to the back, by the way. You can place your clothes on the empty shelf by the sink there.” Kylo snatched the gown from Dr Hux and went over to the examination table, pulling the curtain all the way. He dumped his clothes on the shelf, then slipped his arms into the gown, struggling to fasten the ties at this neck and back. “Ready?” Dr Hux called. “Yeah.” Kylo seated himself on the edge of the table. Dr Hux drew back the curtain, it made a soft clacking sound as the castors drew along the rail. “Try to relax, Mr Ren. We want to get accurate readings after all.” Dr Hux slipped the buds of the stethoscope into his ears and pressed the diaphragm to the centre of Kylo’s chest, listened and moved it to another position. “Mm-hm,” he said, a knowing sound. He then moved to Kylo’s back, the cool feeling of the metal making Kylo jump. “Easy. Take a deep breath for me.” There was something almost sensual about the unhurried, methodical way Dr Hux went about his checks. In particular, Kylo felt the pressure of slim cool fingers on his wrist as the doctor took his pulse to be strangely enjoyable — intimate almost — and he stole a glance up at Hux as the latter consulted his watch, Kylo thinking that stern, cool, professional-types had always done it for him, and then chiding himself for these thoughts. Dr Hux might not be his personal physician, but it would still probably be weird and inappropriate to ask him out. English people were weird about romance in general: asking someone for a date was not a thing one did, apparently. People seemed taken aback by his honest professions of attraction and invitations to go for coffee. The protocol here, he had come to understand, was staring intensely at the object of your affections and saying nothing, hoping the opportunity would one day arise for both of you to be drunk in the same place. “You’re in very good shape,” Dr Hux said, startling Kylo out of his reverie. “Fit as a lop.” “A what?” “A flea.” “Yeah, I do weight training and martial arts.” More accurately, he used to , before he let his gym membership lapse – he leaves that part out. “Helps with… well, I used to have anger issues.” “Is that how you got the scar — martial arts?” “Kind of, but it’s more to do with stupid shit — anger issues. That’s all in the past – I’m not gonna like deck you if you try to take my temperature.” “That’s good to know. As I said, if you’re uncomfortable with anything, let me know straight away. I don’t wish to give you any cause for panic.” “Thanks. So um, am I a good candidate?” “I’d say you’re a perfect candidate.” “Do we start right now?” “Yes. Today we’ll get a baseline. Now, have you ever had your testicles or prostate examined before?” “Uh, no. I mean, I check my own balls because I saw the PSAs, but not the other thing.” “Mmm, it won’t take long. First, I need you to stand up and bend over with your arms crossed on the table and your feet shoulder-width apart.” Kylo did as instructed and he heard a drawer opening and the sound of a nitrile glove being snapped on. “Relax, I’m just going to palpate your scrotum. Let me know if there’s any pain or discomfort.” Kylo hardly dared breathe as he felt a hand, warm through the glove, cupping and raising his balls. Dr Hux was standing close behind him, he could feel the faint ripple of his breath against the exposed skin of his back. “Someone should check your moles, you know. Melanoma can be very dangerous if it’s not caught early.” “Uh-huh,” Kylo said, trying to hold himself still and think unarousing thoughts. Dr Hux was really very deft at his work, gently working his thumb in small, searching circles, never squeezing too tight. “Alright,” Dr Hux let go, “nothing to worry about there. Now I’m going to examine you internally. First I’ll use my finger, then I’m going to open you up with the speculum, just for a quick look. Alright?” “A what?” “It’s a little tool we have for holding things open. Not painful but you’ll feel a little pressure. They can be a bit uncomfortable when they’re chilly, but I’ve been keeping this one warm in my coat pocket for you.” “Um…” Kylo was beginning to think Dr Hux was a bit eccentric. “Sure?” Dr Hux returned to the desk and there was a familiar squirting sound as he dispensed some lube. Kylo stiffened when he heard Dr Hux return, almost jumping at the pressure of a hand at the base of his spine. “Nothing to worry about. Breathe out slowly for me.” Kylo could not contain a grunt when the fingertip slipped into him. “Not too tight,” Dr Hux commented. “I um… I played with myself last night. Sorry.” Dr Hux made a tisking sound, rotating his finger slightly. “Can’t be helped now.” Kylo gasped when he felt the fingertip press against his prostate. “There we have it,” Dr Hux sounded pleased. “That’s a nice, healthy shape.” Kylo felt an inexplicable thrill at that – God, he was pathetic, getting off on someone complimenting his glands. He shuddered as Dr Hux pulled back out, trying not to moan in disappointment. “Alright, I’ll need you to hop up on the table for me and lie back.” Kylo did as he was told self-consciously placing a hand over his crotch and hoping Hux wouldn’t see that he was half hard through the flimsy material. Dr Hux fiddled with something under the table, making it collapse back to be fully horizontal. “Now, you’re fit and flexible. I imagine it won’t be a problem to pull your knees to your chest.” “That’s very… I mean I’ll be very exposed.” “Yes well, that’s the idea, to get a good look inside. I think you’ll be most comfortable like this, but if you’d prefer your hands and knees…” “No!” Kylo tugged the hem of his gown down further. “I don’t want you to be embarrassed about any… physiological reactions you might have. I assure you I am only interested in looking at your anal cavity. Alright then, roll back for me.” “Uhh… ok.” Kylo put his hands behind his knees and rolled back to expose himself. Dr Hux took out a conical metal device with handles from his lower coat pocket and held it upright, holding the projecting ends together and coating them with lubricant left over on his right hand. He hooked the leg of a wheeled stool with one foot and pulled it over to him, sitting down and scootching closer until he was eye-level with Kylo’s ass. He curled his clean hand around Kylo’s thigh and gave it a reassuring pat. “Breathe out again for me.” “Hhhhhh, agh!” Kylo felt the unyielding metal slip into him — an unfamiliar sensation. “Still a little cool, is it? Oh well, try to relax. In a moment you’ll feel a little bit of pressure. Don’t bear down, but tell me when you think it’s as much as you can take.” There was a quiet clicking as the mechanism slowly ratcheted open. Kylo felt mild pressure, then a considerable stretch, then something bordering on too much. “Stop there!” “Mmm,” Dr Hux said, patting his thigh again. “Not bad, but let’s take a closer look.” Kylo raised his head and looked downwards to see Dr Hux squinting thoughtfully as he fumbled a pen light out of his breast pocket. He clicked it on and shined it into Kylo’s stretched hole. “Good, yes. Looks like a nice healthy bowel.” “Jesus, please stop saying that word.” “I’m sorry,” Dr Hux glanced up. “Would you prefer ‘ass’?” he said this in an affected American accent: ey-uss . Kylo gritted his teeth. “Take that thing out of me please I’m uncomfortable.” “Of course. Don’t squirm now, just breathe…” The pressure slowly diminished and the instrument was drawn out with a slow, sucking sound. There came a discordant clang as Dr Hux dropped it into a metal pan near the sink, drawing off his gloves and disposing of them in a pedal bin. Kylo sat up, wincing at the squelchy feeling of the lube between his cheeks. “Are we done then?” “Nearly, just one more thing.” Dr Hux opened a cupboard and took out a small plastic specimen jar with a red screw-top lid. He took out a pen and filled in some details on the label, then turned and handed it to Kylo. “Fill that for me, will you?” “You want a urine sample?” “No, no – not urine. I need to measure the volume of your ejaculate.” “You want me to jack off into a cup?” “Well if you have some other way of achieving orgasm, you’re welcome to do that.” Kylo looked around the room. “So is there like a bathroom, or…” “Unfortunately the conditions must be controlled.” “What does that mean?” “It means I can’t let you leave the room to ah… deposit your sample.” “I have to do it here?” “Mmm. You may draw the modesty curtain, of course.” “And you have to stay here while I do it?” “You needn’t be concerned. I have quite a lot of pressing paperwork to be getting on with, you can take your time.” “I…” Kylo looked for any sign that the doctor might be joking. Hux gave him a placid, encouraging smile. “Can I offer you any… aids to the process? Some lubricant? I believe we have a nice wipe-clean binder of stimulating images somewhere…” “Uh, just the lube.” Dr Hux picked up the industrial-sized pump-nozzle bottle of lubricant and placed it on the exam table, then gestured like a kindly usher guiding a patron to their seat. Kylo hopped up on the table, sample cup in hand, and watched Dr Hux draw the curtain. There came the scraping of a chair and then a discreet cough and the sound of a pen scratching on paper. Kylo looked down at the empty cup and reached down to give his cock a squeeze – it had softened from his previous state of arousal during the more intimate part of the exam, but he was still sensitive, and his erection revived quickly. He reached out for a squirt of lube and set to stroking himself more firmly, trying to build up a rhythm. His hand faltered when he heard Dr Hux tutting and a mutter of “no, no!” “Am I doing something wrong?” Kylo called out, hand frozen on his aching prick. “Sorry? Oh don’t mind me. Just some unsatisfactory test results. Not yours , of course. By all means, carry on.” Kylo bit his lip and closed his eyes, trying to conjure a fantasy strong enough to overcome the weirdness of the situation. Some well-worn memories of exes and one-night-stands flitted through his mind, but nothing stuck. Instead, he found his mind returning to Dr Hux: prim and collected as he sat just feet away. Kylo imagined the bright sheen of his neatly-parted hair and the surprising pinkness of his lips. He thought of that warm touch against his inner wrist and how that hand might feel on his cock, pulling and twisting with a professional detachment, one eyebrow raised in observation. He remembered the humiliation of being held open on the speculum, Dr Hux commenting on the fact that he was loose . He imagined that clipped voice saying other disapproving things: lazy, slutty, untidy boy. Kylo grunted and had to stop himself before he missed his target. He fumbled to position the cup, catching the long spurts of semen as he continued to jerk himself roughly. He slumped back, panting, tugging his gown down over his crotch. “I’m done,” he called. “Good lad,” Dr Hux said brightly, drawing back the curtain. Kylo flushed as he held out the cup. Hux took it and screwed on the lid, then held it up to the light. “Well, that’s quite the baseline.” “So are we done?” “Hmm?” Dr Hux stuffed the specimen into his front pocket. “Oh yes, yes. Sorry, I’ll leave you to get dressed. Payment will be left out in the hall — you can pick it up on your way out. Now, shall we schedule the next session? How does 3.30 PM Wednesday sound?” “Yeah, that’s fine.” “Good, I’ll make a note of it. Thank-you very much for your participation, Mr Ren.” Dr Hux gave him a slightly unnerving smile, something avid in the depths of his blue-green eyes. “I look forward to our next meeting.” Hux went out through the same door he had entered. This left Kylo to shakily clean the lube off himself with the stack of paper towels by the sink and struggle back into his clothes before making his way back down the hall. On the cork notice board was pinned a small brown envelope with his name on it. Kylo took it and quickly counted the notes: a full one-fifty. He did some quick math in his head: two weeks of twice-weekly sessions and he would clear what he owed in rent and utilities. Another week and he would be able to redeem his sword from the pawnbroker’s, maybe even afford food that wasn’t dessicated noodles. He tucked the envelope into his inner coat pocket and buttoned it up, feeling a twinge in his ass almost like he had been well-fucked. No need to be weird about it , he told himself, it’s a research trial. *~*~* Dr Hux smiled as he opened the door to the consulting room. “Good to see you again, Mr Ren.” Kylo was sitting in the backless gown, bare feet swinging with his anticipation. Dr Hux was wearing a green tie today, the knot showing above his fully buttoned white coat. He had a clipboard under his arm. He pulled up the rolling stool and sat down, flipping through his notes with a thoughtful purse of his lips. Kylo still found him attractive in some odd, slightly morbid way — he found himself admiring the incongruous brightness of Hux’s hair against his waxy, pale skin. His eyelashes caught the sun in flashes of gold — they were very long and almost translucent. “How are we feeling today? Anything I should know about?” Kylo shrugged with one shoulder. “Like what?” “General wellness. Any soreness or tiredness after the last session?” “No.” “Normal sex drive this week?” “What is ‘normal’, exactly?” “Normal for you , I mean.” “Yeah, I didn’t… y’know, in the last twenty-four hours. Like you said.” “I appreciate your cooperation. And how is your digestive health?” Kylo scowled. “Fine!” “Mmm. Let’s start with the same checks as last time: heart rate, pulse, reflexes, blood pressure. Ok?” “Yeah, fine.” Again, there was something soothing about the checks. The rustle of clothing and Dr Hux’s soft-spoken instructions; his firm, professional touches. “Pulse is lower today,” he commented. “You must be more relaxed. That’s good — I thought you were perhaps a little uncomfortable last time.” “Well yeah, who wouldn’t be? I mean it’s pretty… intimate.” “Quite!” Dr Hux gave a short bark of laughter as he strapped the blood pressure cuff around Kylo’s left bicep. “Perhaps I’m too absorbed in my work to properly notice these things. I’m sure a vet finds it totally normal to be up to his or her elbow in a fistulated cow. Not that I’m comparing you to livestock, I apologise — that was an inappropriate remark.” He pumped the bulb until Kylo felt the cuff tighten and pinch. “Mmm, one-ten over seventy.” “What does that mean?” “It means good — optimal , in fact.” Kylo felt that absurd thrill go through him again from the praise — as if his blood pressure was something that he could control in order to please Dr Hux. Hux ripped off the velcro and Kylo flexed his tingling arm. “Alright, let’s get down to business. I need you to kneel on the table and then lean forward until you can rest on your elbows.” “You mean like… with my ass in the air?” “Exactly. We have determined that this is the optimum position.” “Optimum position for what?” “Stimulating your prostate, of course.” “Uh, are you going to do that with your fingers?” “Oh no, that would be very imprecise.” Dr Hux crossed to a cabinet and pulled on a pair of blue nitrile gloves, then opened a drawer. He withdrew a black silicone rubber device that was vaguely L-shaped, curved and bulbous at each terminating end. “This is a prostate massager.” “Like the sex toy?” Dr Hux made a face as if Kylo’s question pained him. “Well I believe the principle is similar. Of course, this one is made from very high quality materials and has extremely precise settings. Today I will have it on the lowest setting of one hundred hertz. We’ll go for ten minutes, after which you will deliver a sample as before.” He held up the object and gestured with a gloved fingertip. “This part will be inside your anus, this part,” he pointed to the lower nodule, “will be external, pressed against the perineum to provide additional stimulation.” “Do I have to… push it in and out?” “No, no, the device is designed to be held snugly in place. The stimulation will come from the pressure and vibration alone.” “Oh,” said Kylo, finding himself somewhat disappointed. Hux crossed to the lube dispenser on the cabinet by the sink and began to coat the massager liberally. “On the table, if you please.” Kylo positioned himself with some reluctance, the blood rushing to his face with shame at the feeling of exposure. He felt himself tense with anticipation when he heard Hux approach to stand behind him at the end of the table. A slippery finger circled his hole. “I trust you were able to refrain from anal stimulation this week?” Kylo grunted as the finger slipped past the ring of muscle. “Yeah. I mean I used the shower jet on there once — that doesn’t count, does it?” “I believe we can let you away with that, so long as there was no penetration.” “Fuck I’m... you must think I’m some desperate pervert.” “This is a judgement-free zone, I assure you. My only concern is that the test is not compromised.” Kylo let out a breathy sound as Dr Hux’s finger withdrew. “Now I’m going to place the massager. Let me know if you feel any pain.” Kylo did not feel any pain — just a smooth pressure that lit up all his nerve endings and made it a struggle not to cant his hips and push back; to make the sensation more like the deep fucking he couldn’t help but crave. “There,” Hux said when the device was fully seated. “Is that comfortable?” “Yeah,” Kylo replied, voice tight. “That feels fine.” “Good. Now where did I put that handset?” Kylo almost choked when he felt the device buzz to life inside him. “Yes, there we have it. Let me just set a timer.” There came an electric beeping sound, then the footsteps returning. Kylo shuddered as he felt a fingertip tapping against the end of the device where it protruded from him. “Good fit? Do you need any adjustments?” “No…” Kylo managed, panting. “‘S good.” “Excellent. Well I’ll just get on with my paperwork. Let me know if you experience any pain or discomfort.” Kylo groaned softly, pressing his forehead to the clean linen runner. His hair fell around his face, hiding — he hoped — his extremely flushed face. He heard the scrape of a chair as Hux sat down, soon the faint scratching sounds of a pen resumed. The buzzing was not a flat sensation: it came in pulses, bunched close together. His cock was fully hard now, trapped between his belly and the rough cotton of the gown. Time seemed to pass very slowly, and Kylo soon felt torn between pleasure and a creeping numbness in his lower legs which turned into shooting pains as he tried to subtly shift his weight. “Dr Hux?” “Mmm?” “Is the time nearly up?” “A few minutes left, I’m afraid. Are you in pain?” “It’s just this position. My hips are cramping.” “Oh dear, we can’t have that.” Kylo heard Hux’s shoes clicking on the floor and jumped at the sensation of a hand on his naked back. “Can you roll onto your side? Easy now.” Kylo hissed at the intense feeling of pins and needles in his legs as he unfolded them. “Ow… shit.” “Here, on your back. Let me stretch your legs out, make you more comfortable.” Kylo dragged his hair back out of his face as he turned over, aware he must be very red and sweaty. He tugged the gown down and hastily cupped his hand over his crotch. “I’m afraid we can’t allow that,” Dr Hux tutted, bending Kylo’s left leg at the knee and pulling it back out straight to get the circulation going. “What?” Kylo looked up at him in confusion. “Your hand,” Hux said, rotating Kylo’s ankle. “There must be no direct genital stimulation until the end of the massage phase.” “Oh,” Kylo flushed deeper, took his hand away. To his utter humiliation he realised that not only was he fully erect, but he had leaked precome onto the gown and there was a very noticeable dark patch by his left hip. “Sorry,” he said as he noticed Hux’s glance and raised eyebrow. “That just, uh... happens — does it affect the test?” “No, there’s no need to worry. We don’t count preejaculate as part of the… payload, so to speak.” Hux lowered the left leg and took up the right, repeating the same stretches and rotations. “Just out of professional interest, are you circumcised?” “Yeah.” “That’s rather uncommon here, as I’m sure you’ve found. Religious or aesthetic reasons?” “Religious.” “Ah. Jury’s still out on whether it’s a medical advantage or not. Some evidence it reduces STI transmission rates, but some men report a loss of sensation in the glans. Do you find it inhibits your sexual pleasure?” “Well I had it done as a baby — I’ve never known any other way.” “True. I suppose one would have to ask a person who underwent the procedure as an adult. Still, I’ve always thought—” What Hux had always thought regarding the matter of foreskin would remain a mystery, as the timer went off with a series of shrill beeps. “Seems like your time is up.” Hux produced the remote control from his front pocket and the vibrations ceased. “Roll onto your side for me. I’ll just glove up.” Kylo did as he was instructed, raising his uppermost knee to provide better access. Hux pulled the massager out and Kylo couldn’t help but whimper at the intense feeling of the slow drag. A brief thought of Hux unbuttoning his coat and deftly replacing the device with his cock flitted unbidden across Kylo’s mind — he imagined Dr Hux had a very nice-looking dick: uncut, probably, but straight and well-proportioned, rising from a base of neatly-trimmed ginger pubes. “Very good,” Hux said, disposing of the massager in the tray by the sink, presumably for later sterilization. “Do you use the same device on every subject?” Kylo asked, suddenly alarmed by the idea. “The same unit, I mean.” “Oh no, no, of course not: we take the health of our subjects very seriously. This one’s brand new, just for you. After cleaning it’ll go back in a box with your number on it.” “Oh, that’s good,” Kylo said, feeling dazed and still very aroused. Dr Hux gave him a broad smile (one which, again, had a slight manic edge to it that Kylo found a little unsettling. Maybe Hux just wasn’t a people-person) and removed his gloves, then reached up to the cupboard for another specimen jar. “You remember what to do with this, I trust?” “Yeah,” Kylo swallowed audibly. “I remember.” “Good lad,” Hux handed over the cup and drew the curtain with a hushed clatter. “No rush.” Kylo didn’t heed the reassurance — it took only a few pumps of his cock, his ass clenching around the phantom pressure of the massager, before he was coming. He grunted and made a high, desperate sound that he knew would be all too audible through the flimsy barrier of material. “I’m… I’m done,” he said, slumped and panting with the cup tightly clenched in his hand. “You are efficient today,” Dr Hux commented as he returned, sweeping the curtain aside, and took possession of the cup. He screwed the cap on and held it up to the light again. “Quite a deposit. I get the sense that you’re going to exceed all our expectations.” “Um… thanks,” said Kylo, brushing a lock of hair back behind his ear. “My slots are on Wednesdays and Saturdays. Is that still good for you?” “Yeah. 3.30?” “Precisely. See you on Saturday, then.” “Looking forward to it,” he replied, then winced — that was not the right way to phrase it at all. Hux didn’t seem to find his wording strange: he merely gave Kylo another enthused, slightly unsettling smile before he turned to go. Kylo found his payment envelope waiting on the notice board as before — one-fifty in seven crisp twenties and a ten. Queen Elizabeth’s portrait looked at him rather disapprovingly as he thumbed through the stack, as if she knew he was responsible for the perversion of important scientific research. He stuffed the money into his inner coat pocket and screwed a hand into his jeans for his phone. A message flashed up on the cracked screen: Dave Ren Chillingham Arms, 7.30. Need to talk abt SCA. Kylo cursed. How was he supposed to get his life back on track when it kept derailing behind him? Ok m8 , he texted back. See u there . He shoved the phone back in his pocket and pressed the release button to open the clinic door, letting it slam behind him.