And so it begins Summary: Kylo needs help Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) This all started because Kylo was being clumsy and mange to hit he head, damn machines. Thank the force nobody saw it happen, well expect on person. FN-2187 came towards Kylo asking if he was okay, he was about to push the trooper out the way, but the guy took his helmet off to get a better look. Oh wow Kylo thought to his self, this guy was cute, " Okay good nothing doesn't seem to bad, um did you want to take your-never mind goodbye!" FN put his helmet back on and ran off, Kylo still sat on the floor star stuck, he's really cute. Kylo Ren was pretty sure he had a crush on the stormtrooper, actually he was positive. In fact he's wouldn't say it be stalking more checking on FN, for some reason whenever he check on FN he's stuttering and trying to be all proper around him. " H-hi-I mean afternoon Lord Ren. I was just about to go clean the floors, er careful its slipper." Kylo was glad he had his mask on so FN couldn't see that his face was red. " As you were then Finn....FN" Oh no he's already calling the guy names, hopeful with the voice box in his mask it didn't sound to weird. Not that it should he's Kylo Ren for force sakes! He needed help okay, and knew who could help with that. Kylo was in his room, quite big matter fact looked like an apartment like room, but he's in charge sorta so of course he get better living arrangements. His door open, Hux and Phasma walked inside. " What do you want Ren?" Hux said annoyed he had better things to do honestly. " What do you know about FN-2187?" Kylo asked in a serious tone, hopefully they don't catch on to his plans. " FN-2187 is the best ranking troopers on this ship. Fast learner and has good combat skills. However that can be lost with his "good nature" personality. Do you wish for him to be reeducated?" Phasma asked, she like FN and in fact proud of him, maybe his good nature was okay but when needed on battle field she prefer if he wasn't like that. " That's not needed" The last thing he needs is FN getting changed. " Why exactly your asking about this storm trooper Ren?" Hux asked, something up. " NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS!" Kylo snapped why does Hux always question him. Then it clicked, " You like FN don't you?" Kylo had his back turned and didn't answer. After the long pause Phasma and Hux started laughing, falling on the floor even. That pissed Kylo off honesty he started at his chair using the force making it crash into the wall breaking it, it stopped the two. " Okay so you like FN, why don't you talk to him." Phasma suggested wiping a tear from her eye. " Yes, because the great and powerful Lord Ren wouldn't scare the poor guy." Hux said with a smug and feeling like laughing again. " Your right I don't even know how he feels about me...... I GOT IT!" Kylo said having an idea, " What's the idea?" Both asking in unison, Kylo used the force pushing them out his room, yelling don't worry about and told them to keep their mouth closed about this. " Want to bet his plan is stupid?" Hux said with a giggle. " Bet? No thanks I'm positive its a dumb plan" She replied putting her helmet back on. " I CAN STILL HEAR YOU! ITS NOT STUPID! GO AWAY" Hux and Phasma ran off, whatever the plan is may the force be with FN and Kylo. Notes: these three are suppose to be the bad guys. What you think so far Chapter 2 : Step 1: found out what they know Summary: Kylo's plan goes into action to see how FN feels about him Today Kylo Ren is going to use his plan, he was just waiting on Hux and Phasma to come to his room. Right on time his door opened, it's them. " Oh no." " You have to be joking, really Ren." Hux said, he was right this is stupid. " I'm not Kylo Ren today, I'm Matt the radar technician." He said proudly, wearing a blonde short hair wig, glasses, and a tech uniform with a name tag saying Hi I'm Matt . " Okay Matt, I'm pretty sure everyone going to know who you are. Nobody that dumb" Phasma said, today is going to be a long day. " That's it right, see you in a costume can we go now." Hux was just wants to be far away from Ren with all this nonsense. " Yes, you can go now just keep your mouths shut." Kylo was confident this plan well work. He was half right. So far today everyone been talking ill about Kylo, hell some of the storm troopers were really rude when he was working as a tech , man they can be real jerks. Say he lightsaber is stupid, he's a punk, Kylo was about ready to strangle someone. " Hi, mind if I join you?" Kylo turned around seeing FN without his helmet own. He's here!okay be cool " Yeah whatever its fine" All Kylo has to do is ask its simply. " So your Matt, I'm FN, I been hearing a lot about you, you seem to really like Lord Ren" FN said, so everyone nobody seems to like him but they just didn't bother siting down to talk. " Well....what do you think about him, I heard he has an eight pack. Guy is shredded." Kylo told FN with face turning little red. "Oh! What I think? Well.....I think he's okay guy, scary but okay an maybe some angry issues. I think if I actual got to speak with him, hey maybe without the mask he be nice. I think." So FN just wants to talk to him that can work. Kylo got up thanking FN and ran off not hearing his name being called. " MATT WAIT! WHERE ARE YOU GOING!?" FN shouted grabbing Kylo's arm. " WHAT! Oh...uh. Listen I was sent here today to work and that's it orders from K-Lord Ren. I was just going to report that you want to talk to him, yeah. It was nice meeting you goodbye." Kylo ran off, sad to leave Finn there I go calling him that again . Kylo went to Phasma's room still in his Matt costume. " So how it go, heard my troopers hate you and Matt" She said with a chuckle. Kylo huffed at her talking his wig and glasses off. " I be sure to give them a lesson in disrespecting me. But FN wants to talk to me, so what do I just call him to my room?" Kylo honestly surprised he got this far. Phasma frowned at him. " I get it you like FN-2187, but I care about him too. He's a good person and one of the best. If you hurt him, force or no force I'm going to make you pay. GOT IT! .....Try not to be weird or angry around him alright." Phasma meet what she said, and Kylo would rather not seeing her wrath on him. Chapter 3 : Step 2: don't freak them out Summary: FN has a private meeting with Lord Ren FN was currently mopping the floors in the hallways. It wasn't so bad, better than being on the battle field, and glad that most of his missions didn't involve people. He wish he can take his uniform off every now and then but Captain Phasma said its not allowed, unless their going to bed for the night. " FN-2187 " he jumped hearing her voice through her helmet man she really knows how to scare people. " Y-yes mama, just mopping the floors" He said saluting to her and trying to pick up the mop. " You can stop that. Lord Ren has requested to see you in his quarters. Hurry now and don't keep him waiting. " FN wanted to ask why but the last thing he's needs to worry about is keeping Lord Ren waiting, so he thanked her and ran to his quarters. FN reach the door knocking on it. It opened and he saw Lord Ren looking out the window seeing the stars. " Y-you wanted to see me my Lord?" Man he was nervous, oh man was he in trouble, what did he do wrong. " Have a seat and remove your helmet" Kylo said back still turned with his mask on. FN did as he was told placing the helmet on the table. He stared at the window wonder if he should say something or not. " Matt told me you wanted to speak with me " Kylo said finally turning around to face FN and walking towards the table sitting down in the chair. " Er.....yes....you know just talk....am I in trouble?" There was a long and awkward pause. Kylo grabbed his mask taking it off, and yeah FN was amazed, Lord Ren is very attractive. Kylo seems pretty happy with the look FN is giving him, looks like he's blushing cute. Okay like Phasma said don't be weird " No your not in trouble, I just wanted to talk. What was it that you wanted to talk about?" Kylo smiled trying to make FN not nervous. " I just wanted to say your an okay guy. And I was right, without your mask you seem pretty nice." FN thought he was nice, Kylo smilled and was about to say something but he was cut off " Lord Ren we need you to come to control stations we have an emergency" Damn them honestly, Kylo got up putting his mask back on. " It was nice talking to you Finn we'll chat again. Head back to you station." FN grabbed his helmet putting it back on too. Both left the room looking at each other one last time and head their separate way. This better be good Kylo thought.