You knew you weren't supposed to be out at this hour. After all, it was against curfew rules. You could be fired, or worse killed. It was a very known rumor that those who slipped out after dark never returned at all. Not that that was on your mind at the moment, you told yourself you just needed a brief walk to ease your mind. Work that day had taken a lot out of you, leaving you physically and emotionally drained. Donning your First Order issue uniform coat over your pajamas-wouldn't want to get too cold outside on the frigid planet after all- you slipped out of the comfort and safety of your cell like quarters; upon making sure nobody was around quickly navigating your way outside. The blast of cold air smacked you in the face almost making you regret your admittedly poor decision. However, the serenity and beauty of the still, dark snow covered ground beneath your feet, the tall dark trees standing around you drew you out of the enclosure... Within a good 20 minutes you had trekked relatively deep into the forest, deeper than you'd remember going before at least. The eerie silence with exception of the wind made you slightly uncomfortable after a while, your hands and feet starting to go numb from the cold even with your many layers. You turn to head back when a sound causes you to freeze. Your body stiffens as you listen for it again:the crunch of snow under feet. A few moments pass, and without hearing the sound your body begins to relax. Making the first few steps back in the right direction the sound is heard again, much closer this time, accompanied by a soft growl. The sound fills you with terror, and you immediately bolt off further into the woods, forcing your cold, lead like limbs to work. Dread fills you as you hear whatever was stalking you give chase, glancing back for a moment to see a massive amber eyed black wolf-no, not wolf, wolf man- pursuing you on all fours. Despite your best efforts the monster's loping gait easily overcomes yours, the beast pouncing on you and pinning you to the frozen ground. Pain from the rough landing shoots through your body, the biting pain of the cold and the landing slightly eased by the overwhelming heat of the monster above you. You tense, waiting for the blow you're sure will kill you, this must be what people had ruminated of. A shocked, slightly disgusted sound breaches you as the beast drags its long, rough tongue up along your neck and the side of your face. Your attempt to bat the thing off is greeted with a deep, rumbling growl, and with a soft whine you remain still. Pleased with your obedience, the creature backs off a bit, sniffing at the crotch of your pants. Although you blush immensely, you make no move to shove away the offender. A slight tugging at your coat and shirt is the only notice you get before massive, sharp claws shred the dense fabric like a knife through butter, the tatters being pulled off your body roughly by the jaws of the beast. Before you can truly react beyond shock however, the hot, wet tongue is lapping at your exposed breast, laving slowly over your cold hardened exposed nipple at a teasingly slow pace. Despite knowing you should be absolutely petrified you feel a slight tingling in your center, arousal lazily buzzing inside you. It's almost torturous how slow and steady the beast-man laps at your breasts, the animal having a disturbing amount of sentience for what you had originally just seen as a wild animal. The low, rumbling growl in it's chest reveals how pleased it is with your compliance, obviously able to smell the beginnings of your arousal. You can't help but whine at the loss of its tongue as it moves back, appraising your shivering, half naked body from above before latching sharp teeth into the backs of your pants. From the waistband down it tears, leaving you in nothing but your shoes and your slick wet panties. Once more the inquisitive creature moves in to sniff, lapping at the small wet spot of your panties. A mewl of need dances around in your throat as you press your head into the ground, pushing your ass up needily to allow better access to your clothed pussy. From the angle you see something big, red and pulsing rise from the creature's sheathe. "It" is quite obviously a he, his intentions very obvious. The werebeast quickly grows annoyed with the barrier between him and your cunt as he digs his teeth into your panties and delicately tears them off as well. As the scraps fall back to the ground a cold, wet nose briefly nudges your inner thighs before the thick wet of the tongue is back again, lapping like a dog desperate for water at your sensitive core. His tongue sweeps across your clit, making you groan into your arms as the assault on your pussy continues. With each swipe the pressure on your orafice increases before the tongue finally breaches you, lapping into your depths and making you cry out;rarely before had you felt something this deep. You can feel your orgasm building up as the thick tongue continues to penetrate and laps at your innermost places, brushing across spots that bring almost choir-like moans from your body. Seemingly sensing your nearing completion the tongue withdraws to pass across your needy clit in rough, broad strokes, making you orgasm within moments. As you clench down on nothing with a loud cry he draws back. Before you can voice your protest he mounts you, sliding the thick canine cock within your wetness with ease. Despite the slightly painful stretch you eagerly push back, moaning needily as he begins to roughly pound into you. The powerful arms of the creature cage you in, one massive pawlike hand planted by your head, the other holding your hips up as he continues his harsh assault on your pussy. Several loud, panting grunts from the beast almost overpower your loud wanton moans, the hammering of the massive cock into you already bringing up another orgasm from you. As the thrusting of the were brings you closer and closer you can feel something at the base of his cock swelling, punching in and out of your abused entrance with each thrust, steadily growing larger. The rough pad on his beastly hands brushes across your clit, pushing in with deep steady circles as the frantic humping gains in frequency. The rough treatment of your clit has you screaming out in sheer ecstasy as you cum, the overwhelming pleasure almost fully blocking out the pain of the creature shoving the massive knot into your used cunt. A massive amount of seed swells into you as he knots you, now grinding the knot further into you rather than attempting to pull it out. The rubbing against your front wall wrenches one last orgasm from you as your tired body passes out, no longer so cold from the hard fucking you just received. The bed you lay in is unusually warm for your room, the solid heat behind you and the arm draped over your small body the first sign you aren't in your own "cell". As you come to you groggily look around the room before looking at the large man who had been holding you, watching you sleep with a small smirk. This man is none other than Kylo Ren himself, the long dark locks of lush hair and amber eyes bringing your thoughts back to the wolf. The immense throbbing between your sore legs the biggest reminder of what had happened that night, the man sensing your discomfort kissing your forehead gently. "That was what you fantasized of." You huff, pressing your face into his chest to hide your embarrassment at the fact. "I thought I told you not to look into my head..."