Noticing You Unexpected The girl had shaken him and there was no hiding it. He could still feel her in his mind, digging through his memories, drawing out his fears. She'd seen his face, not many have, and even managed to get the knight to mention Han Solo. It was none of her business. None! How could he be so careless! He'd felt comfortable with girl, that was the problem. She was like him and he felt so comfortable that he'd forgotten to put up his defenses. Unprepared for the intrusion, The girl managed to barge right in and take what she wanted. It sickened him. The joggled files of his mind were in disarray, inexperienced as she had been, and it left him feeling... 'Like Ben Solo?' The mere thought enraged him. He tore through the halls, people and things blurring in his haste. Anxiety coursed through him like a fire burning a painful invisible hole into his chest. He must tell his master immediately. This girl- What she can do, what she had done to him, It's changed everything. Things are wrong. He feels... He feels -a pull towards the light? Yes, but worse. It was a presence. His younger self was here tormenting his mind and it was that girl's fault. She'd torn him and in the process resurrected that forgotten boy that had been as feisty as his mother and as devilishly tempting as his father. Oh and Ben was relentless , breathing beneath his skin like a horrible disease. Lazy stare, lopsided smile... and that all too familiar twinge under his waist band. What was it? Ah yes, Need. Need was the feeling. Specific need. Need like no other. Need Kylo hadn't felt since his turn to the dark. Ben Solo had needs. The stupid boy chased them all the time and had gotten quite good at satisfying them by his teens. Charm was tool to be learned and practiced (at least that's what his father had told him). Kylo could still recall how he would charm his way through the kitchens in his childhood home, earning a dessert here or a snack there. When he was young, it had been so easy. He wouldn't call himself social, but quick with a come-back and decent at mimicking his father's signature sideways smirk? Sure. In his weaker moment's Kylo would look back on his trysts, sometimes even indulging, touching himself under the privacy of his duvet. Young Ben had been a bit of a heartbreaker. It angered his mother, but it was Luke who had been his worst enemy back then. His uncle would discipline him all the time, tell him it wasn't the Jedi way... "And that's why Luke is a virgin and I'm not." "Ben!" Golden hair swirled about her shoulders as she hurried to keep up with his long strides. Telfera was her name. Dark skin and bright golden eyes that would stare at him as if Ben was the sun and stars. She'd always dressed formal, gown draping her body like an ancient goddess one would see painted on an artifact. Her lips were full and perfect, her breasts, her smile, her mind that was so free of troubles She was beautiful, bathed in afternoon sun and completely his. Being his first lover, of course the memory of her would stay with him always. "Ben, you know better than talk like that!" She laughed. The girl had been no older than himself and so loyal that she probably would have married him had they been old enough."What if he hears you? You'll be punished again." Ben turned at that, leaning down to catch the girls lips with his own, purposely bumping his forehead against the blond tresses falling in front of those gorgeous eyes. "Oh no." He feigned an awe-stricken face, his hands gripping her small shoulders. "No! Punished? oh!" The girl continued to giggle and pressed her smaller body against his. Ben sighed and the blonde kissed where she could reach on his chest. "Oooh have mercy." "He'll tell your mother." "I'll tell my mother. Let's all tell my mother." They laughed together, falling beneath a far away tree. Nauseating. Kylo shook his head clear of the ghastly memory and stepped before the large chamber door. It had been years since he'd thought of Telfera. She was a light, a piece of majestic beauty that had graced his life and the darkness had no place for memories like that. Now off the shelf, however, the thought of her only increased his problem. "Master will know what to do." He tried to assure himsel. Snoke will know how to put an end to these memories, the invasion, the feelings, the- the... the n- needs . Not that Kylo would tell his master about such an intimate problem. Maybe if he found a way to interweave it with the subject of the girl invading his mind? Worded it a bit differently? "My apprentice." The image of his master appeared. This was his moment. "Master, I have-" "What troubles you, Kylo Ren?" His leader rumbled, leaning forward and staring down at the shaken man. 'Do it. Sat it!' He begged, but Kylo found himself tripping. Admitting he was at a loss would make him look weak. He wanted his master's help, but he didn't want the supreme leader to think he was completely useless. If his master found out how much the girl had affected him- "And the droid?" "Ren believed it was no longer valuable to us- that the girl was all we needed." Yes, perfect, OF COURSE his own personal red-headed torment decided to butt in. The man's voice carried, overriding Kylo's and effectively stealing the supreme leader's attention. Kylo wanted to scream, glancing over his shoulder to witness exactly what his mind had pictured: The First Order's infuriatingly haughty general, long great coat and shitty haircut included, striding in with all the confidence in the universe. The snide look on his face was nearly too much for knight's fuse, but his master would not tolerate any lashing out. 'How lucky for the general .' He thought, balling his hands into fists and staring forward. The conversation only went downhill from there. Kylo's private moment to confide in his master was over and he wouldn't be given a second chance. 'This is all too much.' He sighed and dropped his head to let the dark hair surrounding his face fall forward, blocking the red-head from his peripheral view. With everything on his mind, Hux had been the last person Kylo thought he would have to deal with today. Much to the knight's annoyance, the snobbish wretch had a habit of showing up at Kylo's worst possible moments. It really was infuriating. The man was a snake in all sense of the word, intelligent and treacherous, and Kylo Ren absolutely hated him. From the time they had been first introduced the silent rivalry had only grown. Their arguing was stupid, petty, and childish. And, like all rivalries, it had not been a problem at first. 'A challenge' Yes, Hux was usually a challenge , but lately he'd just been a pain. Daring to look over at the body beside him, the knight happened to catch the general staring back. Green eyes surveyed Kylo's stoic face, a look of curiosity overcoming the pale man's usual sour expression. Snoke made a gesture with his hand and Hux looked away, addressing his leader's inquiries. It was funny, Kylo thought, how much the egotistical brat actually reminded him of a past lover... Ben's lover. The messy haired brunette vaguely remembered the relationship. Arrogant, know-it-all, picky, pretty, and sooo much fun to make mad. It had ended in shambles, obviously, but the lust he had felt for the old flame never quite went away. 'Because at least Poe Dameron had a good side.' Kylo very much doubted Hux had a good side. The man's personality was downright wretched. He wouldn't be an easy man to fuck. 'Well, I've made lovers out of far more difficult-' The apprentice froze. Slowly, he raised his head, face red and mouth in awe. The stray thoughts hung in the air like smoke, so wild and terrifying that even his master paused to give him a look. Had his master heard? 'Not good. Not good.' These feelings, these needs, this was not him! He would never... Ok, well not Hux ! He hasn't wanted- He hasn't needed such things since... "I don't think this is a good idea, Ben." The boy rubbed his hands over his hair in frustration, dust rising from the short black locks. "Why not?" "I don't know... I'm not here to play round, you know? I got stuff... stuff I gotta- FUCK stop looking at me like that" Ben was leaning in the doorway of the hanger. Everyone else had left for the day, with only a few remaining maintenance workers. Poe was finishing up his assignment, covered in grease and sweaty, half hanging off a ladder. "I'll be gone in a few days." The taller boy pouted. "If you can't fit me in anywhere," Ben gently folded his arms across his chest, looking down and then peering up at the aspiring pilot through wisps of dark hair. "-your loss." That was all it took, thankfully. Ben had only turned his body and the pilot's hands were on him, pulling him back and crashing is lips into his own. Dirt smeared over his clean white shirt, hands fisting into the fabric. 'Too easy' he thought just as Poe yanked on his hair, eliciting a gasp from the taller teen. "You're a shit, ya know that?" Ben hummed, letting himself be backed up against Poe's tool cabinet. Poe had a thing about being the one in control and Ben let him have it. For once it felt good to just relax and feel. That's when the whisper came. A soft gentle utterance that hit Ben like a boulder in the face "I love you." Yes, disgusting, revolting sentiment. But the reemergence of the pilot and his silly droid hadn't been the event that broke Ben Solo free. It was that scavenger- that brat that had appeared, seemingly out of nowhere, with a power to rock his own (if his untamed thoughts were any indication). It was so unlike him! Never had he thought such lewd things while standing beside the angry redhead, and certainly not in front of his master who had absolutely sensed his embarrassing desire. Enough was enough. He needed to tell Snoke now. He needed to put an end to the feelings before they- "Prepare the weapon." Snoke rasped. Hux turned away, giving Kylo one final sneer before continuing out. Kylo stared, face revealing not a hint of what was actually being screamed inside his head: 'I want him I want him I want him I want him I want him I want him I want him I want him I want him I want him' Kylo squeezed his eyes shut, taking a deep breath. He had to focus! He had to redeem himself "I can get the map from the girl." He spoke maybe a bit too loudly. His voice echoed through the room and he winced at the sound of his own boyish immaturity. Of course, the supreme leader could feel his turmoil. His master was perceptive, perhaps not in all things, but when it came to his shame.... always his shame... "If what you say about this girl is true," he growled " Bring her to me." Kylo bowed his head and Snoke's silhouette faded from the room, leaving the knight to stew in his own embarrassment. "This is that girl's fault." he hissed into the darkness. "And all will be right once I've brought her to bow at my master's feet." It was a comforting thought at least, but it didn't do much to cure Kylo Ren now . It didn't stop the overflowing sensations, the need to be intimate, the urge to relive his past, his growing... anxiety "AAAARRRRRRGGGHHHH!!!" He wanted to kill something! He wanted to take out his saber and slice through anything he could find, strangle the life out of some poor bastard and then strangle the lifeless corpse for another two minutes for good measure! But that wouldn't happen. Not with Ben was still present, Not with Ben pulling strings and making suggestions, Not with Ben annoyed by his fury and begging him to find something better to do than drag a force-sensitive girl around. 'Oh I know!' His past self hooted, sending mental images of large hands roaming over a black uniform- hooded green eyes giving into his charm- a beautiful redhead on his knees- kissing- sucking- biting that pale throat- moaning Well, Perhaps the girl could wait. ......................................................................................... Notes: Sexy times to come ;D