Prologue Your role in his business was important. No, you weren't one of the whores, no, you weren't one of the sellers. You were, well, you. When Larkin started his whore house on your home planet Oceri, he had taken you and two other girls as his “starter whores” as he called you. However, it never seemed like anyone wanted you. There was nothing wrong with you, of course. Larkin considered you his favorite and actually found solace in the fact that everyone always picked Evelyn or Giana as their mates for a night. When they'd come back from their “work” you were always there to console them, rub their hair and hold them close, tell them everything would be okay. Oddly enough, Larkin appreciated that from you. You kept the other girls clean, made sure they ate, and were just a general friend to them when they were feeling bad about being forced into prostitution. One day, when you noticed Giana hadn't bled in two months, you decided to go speak with Larkin about the matter. He instantly wanted to kill her when her pregnancy test came back positive, however you convinced him to spare her and the child, that he could later sell the child on the black market (which made you cringe, but it was better than killing Giana). Although you had to look away in disgust when he'd whore her out to men and creatures who claimed a “pregnancy fetish.” And when she'd come back you'd make sure both mother and baby were good. Once the child was born, you had taken on the role of mother to him. Larkin looked over you extremely pleased as you rocked the crying child to sleep, you could feel his slimey grin on the back of your neck and knew he was watching you. He placed a hand on your shoulder, then instructed you to place the child in its crib. “Your so good with children, y/n.” He took your chin in his hands and tilted your head up to meet his gaze. “Maybe one day you'll be good enough to carry my own.” Ice ran through your veins, down your spine. Three years you had been forced to nurse girls back to health under Larkin, and during those three years you had never been touched or spoken to inappropriately, to which you saw yourself fortunate. But now, as Larkin held you in his giant, rotund hands looking over Giana's son, you grew afraid of him. “You are perfect. I can't imagine anyone else.” He dropped your chin and placed a light kiss on your forehead, turning and leaving without another word, leaving you and Giana's son staring at each other wondering what just happened. Meanwhile, behind the scenes Larkin had just struck a deal with a representative of the First Order. They had come to him hours earlier looking for a girl, but not just any old whore, one who could take a beating, one who was dainty and could love a monster. Larkin looked at them confused, scared even that the First Order would take his business and his girls. But the representative was only repeating what was told to her by General Hux, who repeated what was told to him by The Supreme Leader, who repeated what was told by him by none other than the Commander himself, Kylo Ren. The man was lonely, desperate for some companionship. After several arguments with various first Order staff, some of which ended in violence or even death, his master, Supreme Leader Snoke, noticed a force signature radiating off of him consisting of loneliness and depression and could even sense he had been softly crying earlier that day. He reprimanded him, telling him there was no time for friendships in the First Order, reminded him that he had a job he needed to be doing and moping around wasn't going to get that job done. Kylo nodded his head, turning to walk out when he was stopped by Snoke. “This, this is about your childhood isn't it?” “Yes, supreme leader.” Kylo said with an exasperated sigh. “Your parents never loved you, never let you have any friendships or relationships. Is that so?” Kylo was grateful of his helmet at that moment, his master would not be able to see the hurt on his face. With a heavy sigh, the Supreme leader knew he couldn't just let his apprentice carry on like this, he needed him vengeful, angry, and confident. And by judging his pupil right now, he could only think of one thing that would boost his spirits. “What is your ideal woman?” Kylo's pupils expanded once, twice, three times before he grasped what Snoke had in mind for him. Kylo wanted someone that would love him, someone to show him some compassion. Snoke took this into consideration, adding two things that he figured would make Kylo happy for three days, then dismissed him without telling him anything about his master plan. “So, can you aid the First Order or not?” The Representative looked at Larkin in annoyance. He stumbled, looking through the files of all 20 girls he had control over. He wasn't sure, but he didn't want to just hand over one girl and then get killed because she didn't meet the First Orders needs. He was just about to close the book when he caught sight of you walking down the hallway to the childs room, cradling the small boy in your arms. Dainty, lovely, could take a beating well, and even virginal. “Why, yes. I can help the First Order.” He smiled, the sum of what they were ready to pay for you was worth it to him, to go without you for three days was nothing compared to how fat his pockets were going to be once you came back. “We may be interested in keeping her around afterword, if that is the case we'll be sure to come to an agreement about pay with you, Mr. Larkin. Have the girl be ready in an hour, we'll pick her up in a command shuttle. Larkin shook the girls hand, that same slimey smile spread across his face. Sure, when Daniel, his business partner and your friend, found out he would be angry, but who could pass up a huge opportunity like this? Larkin wasn't even worried about the prospect of you being kept by the First Order, for whatever reason he didn't consider that a threat. He was confident they'd have you back in three days. “But, why did you pick her? She's not been a whore, she's never had sex, no experience whatsoever! She'll get killed by those monsters and we'll get her back in a body bag!” Daniel raged on at Larkin, still not understanding why he'd give away the one thing that he believed kept this business going. “Hush, Daniel. She'll be fine, I have been assured. We have nothing to worry about.” “Well have you even told her? Is she getting ready to leave now?” “Yes, she is preparing to board the shuttle now.” Larkin lied, he knew if he told the truth, that you were oblivious to what was about to happen to you, he'd rush over and try to white knight you away. Larkin knew he cared a lot about you, that he'd even one day try to bed you, to make you his in the most gentle way possible. Daniel stood up, “I'm going to-” “No, Daniel. I need you to oversee room 201, Giana is in there and has been there for several hours and I'm worried about her.” He went stiff, turned his head slightly to acknowledge his boss, then nodded. “Y/n?” You jumped as you were cleaning the bathroom, a mechanical voice coming from behind you, seemingly out of nowhere. “Y-Yes?” when you turned around you were faced with two men in white armor, Larkin, and someone dressed in all black that had an outfit like a lieutenant. “Come with me please. We are here to escort you to Kylo Ren's Command Shuttle.” Your eyes scanned everyone standing in front of you, looking for answers. You weren't a whore, why were you even leaving the compound? “Step forward, y/n.” Larkin called out to you from behind the crowd, but your feet wouldn't move, frozen in fear. You could hear your heart beat in your ear drums, and didn't know what to do when the lieutenant voiced her annoyance with you. “For god sake, just take her. We don't have time for this.” The two stormtroopers walked up to you and forcefully grabbed a hold of your arms, dragging you out of the bathroom. The girls you took care of all watched in horror as the small crowed made its way through the common room and out the door, you kicking and screaming in the middle of it all. You could hear some of them gasp, whisper your name to each other, but there was nothing you could do to console them, there was nothing you could do to console yourself either. You were led outside where you saw a giant shuttle waiting for you, it had two wings that stuck straight up out of its center. “Where are you taking me?” You asked over and over again, no one stopping to acknowledge you whatsoever. The storm troopers dropped you down in a chair, pressed two buttons and then two metal arches trapped your hands and feet, rendering you completely immobile. “Stop struggling, whore.” One of them said, then struck you across the face with his blaster, causing you to see stars. You let your head sag over your right shoulder, willing your sight to come back to you. When it did, you saw another storm trooper in your field of vision. “Your services are needed on board the Finalizer.” You blinked, my services? “Um, I don't-You've got the wrong girl.” You stammered, you weren't a whore, not by a long shot. Both Daniel and Larkin made sure you knew you were never to be sold and never to be called a whore. One of the troopers chuckled. “They grabbed a dumb one for him? He wont be pleased.” They began to walk away behind you, and as much as you craned your neck you couldn't see past the seat you were strapped to. “Do you think he'll let us have a turn when he's done?” Another chuckle. You wanted so badly to know who “he” was. Not that it would do you any good, you realized as you twisted your wrists in your confines. From the stories you heard from your girls, you knew their “clients” were never nice, including various types of pain in their treatment of your girls. But never in the last 3 years have you ever seen a girl dragged out of the building and strapped forcefully into a huge shuttle to go meet her client. You shivered, who ever this man was was not going to let you off easy. More tears spilled down your face as you felt the shuttle shake to life, then slowly rise into the air. You couldn't for the life of you figure out what you had done to deserve this, you were content to being a care taker for the rest of your life for Larkin, you'd never even think about running away, or helping any of his girls get out, why was he punishing you like this? The shuttle shook, startling you for a second and you realized it was now traveling at hyper speed. You instantly felt sick, what little food you had eaten began to tumble dangerously around in your stomach and you had to hold back the bile rising in your throat. You couldn't tell if it was the hyper speed or your anxiety. Eventually you felt the shuttle come to a stop, the storm troopers came around to release your restraints and took a hold of you just like before, hauling you out of your seat and out of the shuttle. You could tell you were on a Star Destroyer, and you knew they pretty much only belonged to the bad guys of the universe, but what could they possibly want with a quote un quote whore from Oceri? Didn't the bad guys have their own girls they could fuck whenever they wanted to? Your face fell flat as you realized: Obviously not. “Medbay, stat.” Said one of the troopers behind you. “March, whore!” You were probed between your shoulder blades by a blaster and made to move as quick as you possibly could. The hallways were made up of nothing but black and grey colors, the people whose faces you could see stared, looking at you from your little black sandals, to your white gown, to your e/c eyes, to your h/c h/l hair. Some snarled at you, some smiled deviantly at you, some pitied you, and you could only assume the people with helmets on their heads were doing the same as they passed you as well. They brought you to a hospital, or at least what looked like a hospital, and presented you to some medical staff. “Is this the, the uh...” The doctor spoke, looking down at the clipboard, then at you nervously. “This is the whore, doctor Gnash. She needs a full medical evaluation, and make it quick, she needs to be in his quarters as soon as possible.” The same Lieutenant from earlier growled at him. “Lift her onto the examination table.” She commanded and the troopers complied, you squeaked in their rough treatment of you. “You may want to tie her down, doctor. She's very wiggly.” The Lieutenant shot you a wicked grin, then walked out of the room. “Alright, I want Edmonson to perform her cranial evaluation. Teddy, you draw her blood and collect her saliva, process them as quick as possible. Rover, swab her skin and run the bacterial test. Sylvester, joint evaluation when possible. Raynor, dental evaluation, and I will perform her vaginal exam. If anything comes up abnormal notify me immediately.” Suddenly, everybody in the room moved at once, some moved towards you, some moved away from you, some put on gloves while some opted to grab tools straight away. The storm troopers at your side took your wrists and strapped them down again, the doctor commanded them to grab your ankles and hold them in the stirrups. “Wait! Please! You have the wrong girl! I'm not a whore!” Your cries fell on deaf ears as someone shined a bright light into your right eye, causing you to shut them tightly. “Eyes open, please.” he said, he looked awkward and uncomfortable, did he know what was about to happen to you? Regardless, you held the lights gaze. A least until you felt a knife at your hip bone, cutting into your panties. “He says he doesn't want her wearing any undergarments. Take these and throw them away.” The doctor handed another assistant your panties, and you blushed as you realized his attention was now on your intimate area. Suddenly, the light clicked off and an even smaller light clicked on. You recognized this tool, it was going to go into your ears. You kept your attention on the doctor, who began to examine you, seemingly massaging your labia and clitoris. He never looked up at you. Just as you were about to protest once more, you felt a pinch in your arm, causing you to cry. You had never had blood drawn before, and you weren't paying any attention to the needle, only your crimson colored blood that flowed through the tube and into the collection tubes with different colored caps on them. Someone on the other side of you began to swab your hands, then your cheek, then your arm, all the while the same person who was looking in your ears a second ago began poking and prodding your sinuses. There was so much going on at once, so many people touching you, so many noises, sights, and smells that you failed to notice the man between your legs bring out a speculum and a bottle of lube. Suddenly and not gently at all, he glided the device right into your vagina and opened the hinge. It hurt. You had never ever felt anything like that before in your life. You had seen the tool used before on your girls, and you had seen them wiggle and sweat and take shallow breaths while the thing was inserted, but you had to remember, they were used to constantly having something shoved up their cunt, you on the other hand were not. You opened your mouth to scream, when someone had swiftly inserted their fingers in your mouth. They were exploring, taking their time to run over each of your teeth, your palate, and your tongue. You felt like you had to fight back, but the needle still in your arm, the fingers in your mouth, and the tool holding your vagina open for anyone to see told you to sit still. “Open her legs wider, please.” The doctor said as he reached beside him to grab a long q-tip. You thought it was a strange request, seeing as though the storm troopers were holding your ankles down and not your knees or thighs. You obeyed as one of them placed a hand on your knee, you didnt want him forcing your legs wider, fearing it would cause more pain. The needle was removed and replaced with a small bandaid, and the person who took your blood was now replaced with the man who was exploring your mouth, now with a small mirror on a stick and a pick. You tried desperately to focus on what was going on in your mouth rather than the strange sensation of a q-tip being swiped across the head of your cervix. That part didn't hurt as much, just felt different. The dental exam was over, and now the only person who was still examining you was the doctor. He had removed the speculum, much to your delight. “Is everyone done examining her?” He took a look around the room, everyone nodded. “Did any one find anything abnormal that they need to tell me about?” Those same heads now shook. “Very good. Run your tests and get the results back to me as soon as possible.” He shot you one look, then looked back down at his work. “It's almost over, try to breathe please.” The first person to have shown you any type of kindness in his words, you appreciated him until he shoved his fingers into you, causing you to take another sharp breath. You didn't think the tears were ever going to stop and you wondered momentarily if the other girls had to undergo such torture. If not, you were ready to switch places with any of them anyday. He removed his fingers just as the nasty lieutenant walked in, taking a long look at you from head to toe. “I trust everything is in order, doctor?” He bottled the q-tips he had used on you and handed him to yet another assistant who quickly exited the room. “Seems to be, she is healthy. We're waiting on the results of her blood, bacteria, saliva, cervical and vaginal swabs, but in my expert opinion she is in great health.” “When will you have those results back?” “Hard to say, I ordered them as quick as possible, probably within the next three hours.” The Lieutenant shook her head at him, then pulled some clothing from behind her back and threw it at you. “There's no time for that, if she appears healthy then I will deliver her to him. Put those on girl and get ready to go.” The doctor promptly stood and left the room, his staff following him. “Go where? To who?” You protested, irritated that absolutely no one would answer any of your questions. “Don't talk back whore! Get dressed, hurry up. I haven't got all day.” You were released from the restraints and sat up, taking the clothes and walking away sheepishly, wobbling a little bit due to her harsh treatment of you. Her eyes never left you. “Well?” She said, you felt a lump rise in your throat, as if you weren't humiliated enough. “Will you please leave?” “No. Undress now, and that's an order!” She barked at you, you couldn't hide your shame as you lifted your gown above your head, standing in front of her naked with the exception of your bra. You reached for the shirt and lifted it above your head. “No!” She shouted at you, making you drop the shirt to the ground. “He wants you delivered with no undergarments. Remove your bra.” Sighing, you realized you'd have no say in the matter and reached behind you to unclasp your bra. Now standing completely in the nude, worrying about who was walking in the hallways behind you, you bent over to retrieve the shirt, shimmied it over your head and pushing your arms through. It was a basic black t shirt with a low cut v top with a First Order insignia on your left breast. Next was the leggings, which were just regular black leggings, although you felt like they hugged your backside way too tight. The boots were next, ankle length combat boots that you had to sit on the floor to lace up. When you stood and stared at the lieutenant for further instruction, she looked you up and down once more, a pleased smile settling on her lips, she grabbed you by your arm once more and pulled you out of the room. Chapter 2 : Night 1 Summary: It's your first day servicing Kylo Ren Notes: I wanted to throw this out with the prologue as well because the prologue sucks. Sorry in advance for the poorly written smut lol. Leave your thoughts in the comments, thanks for the read and I'll see you next week with the next chapter. You were thrown into a room, motion sensor lights flicked on to tell you you were in someones personal quarters. The lieutenant followed in behind you, grasping your wrist she forced a small packet of pills into the palm of you hand. “He's going to want you to take these, keep them safe. Have fun, whore. See you in 3 days.” And just like that she was gone, and you were left alone, standing in someones own room quarters. To your left was a small kitchen area with a table and two chairs close by, right in front of you was a living area, a couch and a coffee table with a flat screen TV, and to your right was a king sized bed with two bedside tables. Further right were two doors, you could only assume one was a closet and one was a bathroom. You wrinkled your nose at the bed, not made up at all. Blankets were crumpled around the bed, pillows were at both sides of the bed as if someone had been sleeping horizontally. At first you thought maybe this is where you'd live for the next three days, only leaving to service whatever man people kept referring to. But the bottle of red wine and a half empty glass sitting next to it told you other wise. You shuttered, wondering what was going to happen to you next and when “he” was going to show up, if “he” wasn't already here. The thought that there was someone else in the room with you sent fear shooting down your spine, and instead of looking for them you took it upon yourself to drop to your hands and knees and crawl to the other side of the island counter, thinking maybe they couldn't find you. You sat on your butt, clutching your knees tight to your chest and trying desperately not to cry anymore. You felt like your body had given enough tears and couldn't give anymore, despite the fact you were now shaking on someone else's kitchen floor. You didn't know how long you sat there, but when you turned over your shoulder to check to see if someone was actually watching you the door you were thrust into slid open, scaring you almost to death. From what you could see, the person (he?) was tall, dressed in all black robes with black boots and a black helmet that dawned a sliver grille where the eyes were supposed to be. He stood for a second, and when he looked toward the bed portion of the room you darted right for an open cabinet, one that you were probably too afraid to see before hand. You settled yourself inside, once again hugging your knees to your chest and internally sobbing, careful not to make any noise lest he hear you. “Come out, little whore.” The voice reminded you of the stormtroopers that had manhandled you, modulated and mechanical. “I won't hurt you.” He continued, you could hear him beginning to take steps around the room, boots thundering toward you. “There, there. Don't be afraid, it's just me.” The thunder got louder and louder, and soon the sliver of light disappeared from inside the cabinet, letting you know he was standing right outside. It felt like the blood in your veins came to a complete halt, your skin went cold and clammy as you knew he knew you were in there. “Come on out of there,” suddenly, the cabinet door swung open and you were face to face with a young man; he had black hair, a long, slim face and nose, and had beauty marks peppered all over his face. “whore.” He snarled at you, seized you by your hair and dragged you out of your hiding spot. He did nothing but look at you for the first few seconds, his face completely relaxed and unreadable as his fingers coiled in your hair. One thing you noticed about him were his eyes, such a gorgeous shade of chocolate brown with light strands of gold in his irises. In that second, you found yourself wondering if this beautiful man could really harm you like you thought he would. “Hm. Well you are very small.” He wasn't lying, as tall as you thought he was when he was standing away from you, right now he absolutely towered over you. He yanked your head back, earning a yelp from you and a pop from the vertebrae in your neck. Using his pointer finger on his free hand he pulled your shirt down, exposing one of you breasts. You blushed, biting the inside of your cheek and turning your head in shame. You had never exposed yourself to a man before, and you thought it was unfortunate that you first time was being forced. Tears once more began racing down your cheeks. Next, he leaned you into him, securing your lower back with his arm as he shoved his fingers into your pants and yanking them down the curve of your backside. With your face pressed into his chest and your palms flat on his shoulders you couldn't do much to protest, not that you wanted to. You were going to be his whore for the next three days. The tears that fell free down your cheeks burned even more now, you considered yourself a lucky member of Larkin's business, up until today when you were being manhandled by a stranger. “At least I know some of these people can follow simple directions.” He said as he covered your lower half again. He was, of course, referring to the lieutenant's orders to deliver you without underwear. Once again, he took you by the hair, dragging you to the bed that was behind you and throwing you into it. Once you hit the bed you bounced once, you were surprised at the strength he possessed. Who ever he was to the First Order, he must have been high ranking. He stared at you as you began to kick your legs, breathing heavily to try to scoot yourself back as far as you could. In fact, you scooted so far back you almost toppled off the bed, his response was to grab you by the collar of your shirt and haul you back up onto your knees. “Please don't do this! I'm not a whore, I've never been a whore, this is some sort of mistake!” You bawled, not caring how ugly you looked to him while you were nose to nose. “Don't hurt me, I'm begging you! Let me go!” You wailed, kicked, clawed at his hands, not ready to endure whatever he had in store for you for the next three days. He looked at you quite inquisitively, studying you in the dim light as best as he could. He seemed to consider your words as he released you and you tumbled back onto your ankles on the bed. You gripped the bed sheets and blankets as hard as you could, thinking if you grounded yourself you'd calm yourself down a tad. He took a few steps back, removing his gloves and his cloak, now you could see the muscles in his arms much more clearly, this man was ripped and could probably rip you right down the middle. “You aren't a whore?” He asked you, looking deep into your eyes. “I promise I'm not. Th-there was a mix up somewhere. You were meant to get one of my sisters, not me! I don't know how to be a whore.” Wiping the snot off your nose, you noticed the subtle twitch in his mouth, the way his pupils dilated slightly, it seemed as though he finally understood what was happening to you. He raised his right arm in the air, flexed his fingers a bit and the lights all went out. The only thing that illuminated the room was the moon from outside the window. “Well, I can help you with that.” He walked over to the bed, and for a second you calmed yourself. You genuinely thought he was just going to help you, to apologize about the misunderstanding and to let you sleep soundly in his bed. You couldn't have been more wrong. “To be a whore...” He literally ripped your shirt off your back, throwing the now ruined garment somewhere behind him. You frantically kicked your legs at him once more as he worked your pants down your legs. For the second time that day, you sat exposed, completely naked in front of a stranger. “To be a whore, you lie on your back and you spread your legs.” He hadn't even touched you, but you screamed any way. This was it, this was how and when your virginity was going to be forcibly stolen from you. Twisting your torso, you tried your hardest to get away from him. He grasped your hips and pinned you down, those eyes you thought were gorgeous five minutes ago now now burned with a passion, an evil passion that you didn't care to put your finger on in that moment. Right now, you were focused on survival, trying to prepare your body for the pain that your girls had told you about, for what happens when you lose your virginity. You watched as he gripped your thighs and opened your legs for you, much like the way the stormtroopers did in the medbay. His eyes were glued to your sex, you thought that maybe he hadn't ever seen a woman like this before, maybe he couldn't ever get a consenting woman in his bed, so he had to pay for a whore, had to pay for you. Suddenly, his head whipped up to you, he met your gaze for two seconds, he looked angry, even angrier than before. “Don't flatter yourself, I've had plenty of women in my bed.” How did he-? You saw him raise his arm just as he had done before and your eye lids snapped shut. Try as you might, you couldn't open your eyes. If there had been panic in you before, it had now just increased ten times over. “I-I can't see!” He giggled in response to your cry for help. You struggled against his grip, struggled to listen to what he was doing while your eyes were held shut by some unknown force. In the dark, you heard a zipper, a ruffle of clothing. “I've been told this is your first time. Is this true?” Between sobs and sharp intakes of breath, you nodded your head. “P-please, don't hurt me!” A dark chuckle in response, then at the very edge your sex you felt something rather soft, smooth, and hot. It was twitching, seeming to move up and down, slightly tickling your lower lips. At the same time, you heard some breathy moans from him, if you didn't know any better, you'd think he was pleasuring himself above you. Then you felt something slightly wet your lips where he had been jerking himself. Had he cum already? No, surely not you thought to yourself. There'd be way more wet if he did, that you were sure of. “It's called precum, girl. I'm just preparing myself for you.” He stopped, you could feel his heat radiating off of him as he climbed the length of your body and settled his pelvis against yours. You felt him place his hands on either side of your head, causing your body to dip down into the mattress. His cock pushed past your outer labia and you instantly felt bile rise into your throat. He rested his soft lips on your cheek and you could feel him smirk against your hot and slippery skin. “This may hurt, little whore.” He pushed himself into your entrance, not giving a damn about the small incoherent protests coming from your mouth. It was so strange to be filled with something warm and thick, unlike the speculum, and as he pushed himself in further, you found it didn't hurt as much as your girls had described. He exhaled against you, then took another huge breath in as he pulled out, leaving just his head inside of you. Shaking uncontrollably, you settled on just breathing and clutching the sheets to get you through this. If it just felt intrusive and uncomfortable like this, you'd convinced yourself you'd probably live. On his third thrust you began to feel ill, and your cunt began to feel sore, you felt like you were being stretched wider than you were when he started. Panicking once more, you wiggled your hips as much as you could to try and deter him. “It-It hurts!” You shouted, hoping to catch his attention and to make him realize he was harming another human being. He did nothing but grunt at you, picked up his pace and forcibly snapped his hips into yours. His head hit your cervix, which made you groan in pain, the feeling of the rough cotton from the q-tip coming back to you and causing you to tighten up around him once more. “Mm, you're so-fuck-so tight!” You grit your teeth and turned your head, trying to ignore the lewd panting and moans coming from above you. At some point, while still trying to fight him, you felt a sharp pain race through your lower half. Starting at your core and seeping down your legs, you knew he had torn your hymen going so fast. You began openly sobbing once more, begging him to please stop and spare you this pain, you didn't know how much longer you could handle it. “Oh, did I hurt you, whore?” He panted between his heavy breaths. “Well, you were a virgin after all.” Without warning, he sunk his teeth into your shoulder, causing your toes to extend out in agony. You kept repeating in your head, “Why me? Why did Larkin send me?” “That'll be beautiful in the morning, a beautiful mark on my whore.” After hearing that and taking into consideration your naked state, your sore cunt, your bruising shoulder and cervix, and your position for the next three days, you determined there was nothing else that could bring your ego down lower than it was right now. So you opted to letting your head fall to the side and focusing on counting his thrusts starting right then. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5- He took a hold of your jaw and forced your face up to his. His thrusts went faster, his panting and moaning got louder, he was running his thumb over your face, and all too quickly it all stopped. Stifled moans and a warm feeling in your center told you he had finished, and he had came deep inside of you. You were mortified, could feel your face burning with red hot humiliation. As he slid out of you, he began placing small kisses all over your face, calling you a good girl and praising you for taking him so well. He rolled off the bed, and you then had complete control of your eyelids once more. Even the dim silver light from the moon outside burned your retinas and you had to blink several times to adjust. Your entire lower half was sore, on your thighs you could make out his cum, a light fluid with traces of darker colors mixed in. Before it hit you what the darker fluid was, he spoke and answered your question. “More blood than I expected.” You looked up just in time to see him walk into the nearby bathroom, stopping at the sink to clean his dick off. The first thing you noticed was he still had all of this clothes on. You tried to shake the question to the back of your head, but you thought sex was typically done with at least a bare upper or lower body. When he had turned around you noticed he had neatly tucked his cock away and was making his way toward the bed. “I think its time for you to sleep. You did good for your first night.” Sniffling, you began to inspect your lap again, trying your best to pretend the man who had just raped you wasn't standing so close and staring at you. “May I-” “No.” You jumped at the edge in his voice, not caring about what you wanted or needed. But what you wanted was something to clean his rapidly leaking and cooling cum off of you so you didn't ruin his bed. At that point, you felt angr toward him, and when he turned his back to walk toward the kitchen area, you imagined jumping on him and strangling him to death. “Watch how you think of me, whore.” He snarled as he came back with that packet the lieutenant gave you when she dropped you off. “Do you read my mind?” You asked, this was the second time you had thought something and he answered you out loud, you were becoming weary and began to think about how to change what you think about. “That is of no concern to you. Open your mouth.” He punctured one of the pill holders with fingernail and held one of the pale white pills in between his thumb and forefinger. “What is that?” “Open your mouth.” “No! I don't know what kind of medication that is!” For all you knew he was about to feed you a cyanide pill. Looking irritated, he seized the hinge of your jaw and squeezed, forcing your mouth open. You wiggled as much as you could out of fear, but that didn't stop him from shoving his fingers down your throat and keeping them there to ensure the pill made it to your stomach. But wait, something was wrong with you-the pill didn't go down your throat, it went down your windpipe, along with his fingers. You began coughing your lungs up at the intrusion in your windpipe, grasping his wrist you begged as much as you could with your eyes for him to help you. Instead, using the flat of his hand he held your jaw closed, forcing your mouth shut. “Swallow it.” He commanded, but you barely heard him over the sound of your now internalized coughing fit. Just as your vision started to go black and you could cough no more, the air no longer able to make its way past the pill and into your lungs, he let go of your jaw, catching you as you began falling backward. “You-you're choking?” He asked you, although from his tone it seemed as if he had asked himself. At that point, everything began to move in slow motion. For a split second, there was a look of fear on his face, maybe concern. He moved you so that he was cradling you in his lap, once again sticking his fingers down your throat to try and fish the pill out, but he had no such luck. A part of you was happy, content. You would suffocate to death here in his lap and not have to spend the next 72 hours with this monster. Your blood would be on his hands, maybe he'd be punished, maybe he'd get slapped with a murder charge and be killed too. He wouldn't live to hurt another girl. The last thing you had seen before your vision blacked over with the bubbles from lack of oxygen was the desperate look on his face, which you would have smiled at if you weren't dying. One final thought crossed your mind; if he were trying to kill you with the pill, why would he then be so distraught over you choking to death on it? A pain in your gut brought you back to life. Your torso flew up with a giant cough, and you saw the pill fly out of your mouth and hit his face, momentarily sticking to his cheek. You heaved in his lap, long, deep breaths to replace your depleted oxygen levels as quickly as possible. Your hands seemed to fly everywhere, trying to figure out if the sight of him holding you so close to him meant you were alive, or had died and gone straight to hell where you were doomed to spend eternity with your captor. His fist moving from your stomach to stroke your cheek with his knuckles told you two things: 1. You were, indeed, alive. You had lived through choking on an unknown medication and were drawn back to reality. Now you would have to live for the next three days with your captor. 2. You were brought back to life because he had punched you in the gut. You stared at him, what is it that you're supposed to do after being saved from choking? When your savior is cruel, the reason why you were choking, and was now holding you as close as he could while tears welled up in his eyes? It had felt like the galaxy had flipped upside down, you didn't know what was reality and what wasn't anymore. “I'm sorry, I'm so sorry.” He had shifted you in his lap so that you were straddling him slightly, and held your head on his shoulder. You didn't know what to do when you felt your other shoulder start to dampen, yes, he had officially started crying over you. You hated seeing people cry, mostly because you were a sympathetic crier. You just wanted him to stop crying! “I-it's okay. I forgive you. It was an accident.” You cooed as if you were soothing a small child. “You didn't mean to, I'm sure.” At that comment, something seemed to have snapped in him. He slid you off of his lap and stood you in front of him. “Not that it would have mattered any way, if you had died.” He abruptly stood, on instinct you had taken two steps back but couldn't get out of the way fast enough. You were met with the palm of his hand, slapping you so hard your legs collapsed from under you and you fell to the floor. “You're just a silly little whore, easily replaceable.” To say you were hurt was an understatement. You felt the lump rise in you throat again, but you talked yourself out of crying. You should have seen this coming from a million miles away. You sat on the floor and watched him walk to the kitchen area, painfully aware of the crusting semen on your thighs now from the way you sat. He returned with yet another pill and a glass of water, commanded you to stand and you followed his instruction. “Take it. Don't choke this time, idiot.” You did as you were told, your throat burning at the cool water making its way into your empty stomach. “Now get in the bed, I don't want to hear a noise out of you for the rest of the night.” Sadly, you nodded and climbed into his bed, throwing the covers over yourself and getting as comfortable as you could. He stared at you, while his face was rigid and angry looking, you could look into his eyes and still see the hurt, the conflict he held for you. In a flash of black robes, he left the room, blaster door sliding open and closed quickly. Once again, you were alone. He had chastised you for choking, saw you off to bed, then left as if he was tucking a child into bed. You shifted to try and comfort yourself, but found you couldn't. Nothing was comfortable about sleeping in the bed you were raped and almost died in. You still didn't let the tears make their way out of your eyes, there was no point in crying over the situation. All you could do to sleep was plant the false hope in yourself that tomorrow would be better, that day one was now over and you only had two more days to go before your pseudo-freedom was returned to you. Notes: This is my first published fic, and it took me about a week of convincing myself to post it cause I was so scared. Constructive criticism is welcome, just try not to be so harsh please lol. I write my chapters in advance and will try and post them weekly. Thanks for the read!