Kylo Ren's face hovered above Rey's own, sweat-slicked and fierce. His thrusts came faster and harder, her body rising to meet his. His dark eyes flickered in equal turns pleasure and anger. She wondered what he saw in hers. She grit her teeth and lashed out with her saber. He blocked her thrust easily, and she growled. The heat of their bodies and their locked blades melted the falling snow before it could touch them. "You need a teacher!" Kylo snarled. Rey could feel his breath on her face. He was so close. No one had ever been this close. Or if they had, she couldn't remember. She couldn't remember anything before the forest, and the snow, and his face inches from hers. "I can show you the ways of the Force!" Kylo Ren's words echoed in her brain, chasing each other around and around. "The Force?" She didn't know the first thing about the Force! But then she remembered. How he'd opened the connection between them, and how, in those brief moments, she'd glimpsed his pain, his fear, his isolation – much like her own – and how he used the Force. She opened her eyes and found he was still gazing calmly at her, his dark eyes bathed in the blue of her lightsaber. "Rey," he pleaded with her. "Rey!" She jolted awake, drenched in sweat, chest heaving. Her name in Kylo Ren's voice whispered in her ear again and she instinctively reached for the staff that was no longer there. She glanced around the darkened room, searching for her enemy – for Kylo Ren – in every corner. She was alone. She sighed with relief – and, if she were honest, a bit of disappointment. It wasn't that she wanted to see Kylo Ren. She most decidedly did not. But she also didn't particularly feel like listening to another long-winded lecture of why Master Luke could not – would not – train her. She had been on Ach-To for three weeks now and all she had gotten out of the old Jedi were cryptic phrases and hostility and long periods where he disappeared entirely, leaving her to battle the island itself, which seemed to hate her almost as much as Master Luke did. Not for the first time, she found herself missing Han and Finn. She didn't much remember her own father, but Han had been as close to one as she'd had since her own family had left her on Jakku all those years ago. And Finn. Her first and only friend. The only person who had ever come back for her. Even her own family hadn't done that. And Kylo Ren had taken away both of them. She shook her head and swung her legs over the side of her makeshift bed she'd cobbled together from a slab of rock and some moss. As beds went, she'd had worse, but she did long for her hammock back on Jakku. She wondered if another scavenger had already moved into her old AT-AT home. She hoped they remembered to water her flower. There were no flowers in her hut on Ach-To. The island had deprived her of everything but the moss and a hollowed-out rock that she filled with rainwater to wash with and drink from. Even that was a struggle, for the storms on Ach-To were like nothing she'd ever seen before, with rain coming down so hard and fast it stung her skin, and hail that kept her up all night, exploding again and again against the roof of her hut. A storm had come every night for the first two weeks, but the past week had been hot and dry, leaving her to ration her water like she were back in the desert. She knew Master Luke must have his own water source, but he wouldn't share it with her, and she hadn't found it. She splashed water on her face from her bowl, running her damp fingers through her loose hair. She wondered if she should risk bathing in the sea, and thought longingly of the soap Unkar Plutt used to sell her. She wasn't sure how Master Luke kept clean, or if he even did at all. It was then, as she was pulling her grey arm guards on and considering a trip to the shoreline, that she heard the unmistakable sound of a lightsaber igniting outside. Rey froze. She knew Master Luke had his own lightsaber, but she'd never seen him so much as holding the hilt. Her own lightsaber, the one that had belonged to Master Luke's father and now called to her, was on the ground beside her makeshift bed behind her. There was only one other person in the galaxy she knew for certain hard a lightsaber, a triple-bladed nightmare. Kylo Ren. Chapter 2 Panic rose behind Rey's chest, hot and suffocating. How could he have found her? When she had left him, she hadn't even been certain if he'd survive. How had he found the map? "Rey!" came his voice, and it felt almost as if she'd conjured him with her dream. Nightmare , she corrected herself as she snatched up the hilt of her saber and prepared to step outside. Nightmare . "Scavenger!" came the voice again. "I've waited for you long enough!" What was it with Skywalkers and shouting nonsense, Rey wondered? She took a deep breath, ignited her lightsaber, and stepped out from the safety of her hut. Unlike her dream, Kylo Ren's face was hidden behind his mask, the way it had been the day they had met on Takodana. The day he kidnapped you, she reminded herself. The rest of him was swathed in black again, but this time with a cape affixed to the back instead of his cowl. She wondered what he had done with it. "You changed your hair," he remarked from behind his mask, the vocal module distorting his voice. She wondered if he'd take it off if she asked like he had before. "Same uniform." "New cloak!" he protested. She raised her saber and planted her feet on the ground. "Did you chase me halfway across the galaxy to make small talk?" He tilted his head and considered her. She had the distinct feeling he was smirking. She tightened her grip on the saber and felt the Force shift around him, reaching out toward her, seconds before he lunged, lightsaber ignited and swinging down at her. She blocked his swing and absorbed the shock, arms shaking. Force, he's strong . He grunted and swung again, forcing her to turn on her heel and step backwards. His battering thrusts kept forcing her back and back, he on the offensive, she on the defensive, barely blocking his parries, her breath ragged and catching in her throat. He's even stronger than he was before, Rey thought as they inched ever closer to a cliff overlooking the sea. How is that possible? When last she'd seen him, he'd been close to death. "It was you," came his hoarse voice beneath his helmet. " You left me to die." Now they stood directly above the tumultuous ocean, the tip of the cliff beneath their feet. Rey's back was to the sea, but she could hear the waves breaking against the base of the cliff. She felt her stomach drop. She had never seen so much water in her life before she'd come to Ach-To, and now she was standing over an entire ocean of it. "Is that the Jedi way?" Kylo demanded. "Is that what my uncle has been teaching you?" "He hasn't taught me anything !" Rey shouted, her voice disobeying her brain's demands to be quiet. A rock dislodged beneath her feet and plummeted into the sea. She wondered if she would soon follow it. "I don't even know where he is!" "We can fix that." Six figures dressed all in black, their faces obscured behind strange masks, fanned out from behind their leader. Rey gasped. These were the men from her vision. The only thing missing was – A peal of thunder echoed overhead, and sheets of rain cascaded over them, sizzling and evaporating where they hit their locked sabers. "Knights!" Kylo shouted, and for the first time since meeting him, Rey was genuinely afraid of Kylo Ren. "Find Skywalker. Bring him to me." "No!" Rey shouted, her throat aching. She didn't know Luke, and she didn't know what Kylo wanted with him, but she did know it couldn't have been anything good. Kylo had taken Han and Finn from her. He wasn't going to take away anything else. "I wasn't aware you were so fond of the old man," Kylo said. "I take it he hasn't told you the truth, then." Rey ignored him. Kylo Ren had never told the truth in his life. Why should this be any different? "Take off your mask," she said, possessed by a sudden whim. "I want to see your face." "Want to see your handiwork?" Kylo taunted. But he lifted a hand and removed his helmet, and Rey's heart skipped a beat. An angry red scar marred his features, dividing his face in half, the skin puckered and swollen. Rey's face throbbed with pain at the sight of it. "I did that?" she whispered. Kylo sneered. "You are no better than I am, Rey. And neither is Master Luke ." The Knights of Ren returned just then, a hooded and visibly shaking Luke Skywalker being dragged between two of them. "You want to know who your parents are, Rey?" Rey tore her eyes away from the old Jedi. "My – my parents?" "Your parents," Kylo confirmed, a smirk curling his lips. Despite the scar, Kylo Ren's features were still darkly handsome, if a bit cruel. "I know them. I met them. A long time ago. They had a little girl." Tears pricked Rey's eyes. "I never met her until Takodana. But my master..." his voice trailed off. "Tell me," Rey begged. She hated the way she sounded, the way she was begging Kylo Ren to tell her what he knew. But she hadn't seen or heard of her parents since they had left her on Jakku fourteen years ago. "Please." "I watched as my master killed them. First your father, then your mother. Both armed only with the Force. He cut them down all the same." Rey was suddenly freezing, her legs quaking underneath her. "What? Master Luke–" she looked beyond Kylo to where Luke Skywalker was still being held between the men in masks. That frail old man couldn't possibly have – "Search your feelings," Kylo said. "You know it to be true." "No," Rey whispered. The earth was stirring beneath her feet, Kylo Ren's face blurring before her eyes until she couldn't distinguish it from the storm all around them. And then the sky, rent in two by lightning, was above her, the sea rushing up to engulf her. And then the sea closed over her head, and the world shrunk to the burning in her lungs, and the futile kicking of her legs.