General, I am writing to you on behalf of the Order’s Research Division under subsect X-0251, which states that a mandatory report is to be made if anything unnatural is observed with subjects of unknown origin. As you know, the Order laboratory on Quesh recently came into contact with a being of unknown origin. While little information is known about said creature, our team is under specific order from Supreme Leader Snoke to file a report to you on recording of unusual alien activity. It is of my opinion that this creature is a biological anomaly of the sort unseen since the days of the Old Republic. Please advise on proceedings in dealing with this being when you arrive on base. ... Hux had been well aware of the rumors circulating throughout the Order’s Primary Research Division for quite some time now-- rumors of extreme activity that had previously been unheard of until expeditions to the surface of the toxic planet Quesh. The atmosphere of the planet was abnormally dense, and the surface had been left undisturbed for a number of years after the most recent outbreak of toxicity had sparked chaos within an Imperial team studying the planet’s poisonous flora. For lack of a better term, it was abandoned-- a wasteland made purely for the refuse of other organisms. Which had Hux in quite an upbeat mood, if he were to be entirely honest. Having heard about the former mining operations held beneath the vitreous surface, he’d gathered something subtly arousing with mystere about the abrupt disappearance of surface life forms. While he’d heard about Research Team 7, he’d never had a chance to press the matter. Honestly, it seemed rather fruitless, in light of the Rebellion and current military affairs. As such, Hux was possibly more excited than he had been in a long while. Though xeno-based anatomy was hardly a notable factor in his research as a cadet, the subject held a particular interest to the General which he had never fully shook. At the emergence of the letter, containing data files over a creature which the PRD referred to sparing as “the Xenomorph,” his mind had been privy into catching hold of the train of thought he’d long since tried to abandon. The plan, at least for Armitage, had always been one of voyeurism. Less dangerous that way; if he found a specimen, it was best that he watch from afar and remain as hands-off in his method of observation as possible. But one thing Hux had clearly neglected to consider was how peculiarly diligent aliens could be, more so how pfaasking intelligent they were. For mindless creatures whose only motivation seemed to spurn from breeding and gnawing on the dead flesh of their enemies, their intellect appeared to be on par with human capability, if not beyond. At the holodepiction of the Xenomorph’s probing, swollen ovipositor, the quasi-wormlike form of their young, Hux would have taken the species for any other carnivorous monster, unable to control their own primitive instinct. Or, well. That had been his opinion, until the Xenomorph had escaped. If a typical xenomorph was smart, this one might be a borderline savant, a leader of its kind. Not only did it prove itself capable of working a metal hatch, it had been eager to let its victims screech in terror without reprieve as a means of attracting more through human attachment. Armitage had observed it (it… him?) more often than he likely should have, taking note of an elongated, smooth cranium, long and sharp with flatness as his pitch carapace began to gloss over in the manner that a Queen’s might. Unfortunate for the rest of the Research team that they had been incapable of understanding the creature’s motives: he’d been adapting, adapting to a new environment and a prime role amongst his kind. Armitage had only heard of a Xenomorph Alpha as a rough biological theory based on species evolution. Many researchers had theorized that a Xenomorph’s recognition was dependent on the knowledge and study of other species, allowing one to adapt biologically to a level too difficult to be attained within an isolated environment. The appearance of the researchers, mostly human and non-native to the Xenomorph race, would have shotgunned this progression, then. And as their population had begun to dwindle to the Xenomorph’s unsated hunger, the creature had gained strength, presence and greed, a need to bury itself inside another willing host, a need to further its race yet again. When Hux had managed to alert the Order of his predicament, he’d been the only one left. It was a beautiful thing, in the most illuminating, fascinating way; his vertebrate-like body and protective exoskeleton appearing as some sort of armor, an Alien knight of ancient times. He had a long, stunningly flexible tail and his eyes were near to his mouth, narrow and near invisible. Yet what had caught the General’s attention most was the Xenomorph’s gaping, toothed maw. He’d ran, at first, keeping an arm at level with his own head, wrapped around the side in case there was a face-hugging larvae poised somewhere nearby. But this Xenomorph, this dominant presence, had appeared unconcerned with even his upper body, flinging itself forward and clamping onto Hux in an undignified and terrifying way. He’d seized up, quivering with a sharp, sudden staccato of breath as he felt the thing’s tail clamping around his stick-thin waist, encircling his hips in a fluid movement that was not dissimilar to the manner in which it had devoured his companions. The Xenomorph’s spindly appendages tightened against his legs, taking hold of the limbs and prying them apart unceremoniously when it delved to tear at the remains of Hux’s uniform, his mangled jodhpurs and rumpled briefs. Armitage had been stiff, rigid as the thing began to probe him, its ovipositor searching and dribbling something viscous across the inside of his pale thighs. He’d scrabbled with the creature, clawing at limbs and head and tail as he attempted to throw it off of him, yet all it seemed to do was tighten, further and further until Hux was certain his ribs would crack with the strain. The Xenomorph, apparently devout in its thorough examination, then pressed itself up between his trembling legs, anchoring blood-streaked thighs in place while its outer shell, much like the face-hugger’s, began to pry him open. It delved between his cheeks, slithering and pressing and leaking something foul, something Hux should hardly have found so arousing, but he hadn’t protested when it wriggled itself against his warm, clenching hole and thrust in. No, he’d merely screamed. Screamed, as it thrust upward into him, stuffing him so full of this thick, abnormal alien appendage that he squirmed at the hit against the inside of his stomach, the sudden, deft movement causing a protrusion from within his body when the Xenomorph sunk to the hilt. His hole pulsed, quivering at the stretch and eager to become a clutch for this depraved thing-- a thing, too intelligent and too renown to merely cast aside. Somehow, Armitage felt honored. He couldn’t have said how long it was that he lay there after the Xenomorph had placed him into this unusual, half-formed metal room, his ass throbbing and wet, oozing slime from the sacred place between his cheeks, too defiled to feel natural. Occasionally the being would feed him, something half-warm and yet enough to sate him when he squirmed, his wrists aching from suspension within black resin for hours, at least. Everything passed so slowly, so slowly without communication, without-- Eventually, Armitage had lost track of time. He’d grown accustomed to waiting for the Xenomorph to return, for his Alien did make such wonderful noises, and wonderful movements, and he was always inclined to cry upon its arrival, knowing how well the monster could treat him, how he would allow Hux to live without fear of being harmed, without stress from derision and failure... One day, the Xenomorph had slid into him without preparation, his body so lax and pliant to the whims of his beloved that it was allowed without question to prod and lick at Armitage’s warm body, often trying his hole with the swell of its tail or bulbous jaw. He’d been slow this time, in opening up the former General, in undoing him to the point where Hux was keening, bent and begging for that pleasant ache of fullness deep inside. His being was a vessel for the Xenomorph, wanting the creature as much as he’d wanted anything. And that was when the first egg came, a lump, thick and sacrilegious as it was deposited deep inside his hole. Hux threw himself on the ground, squirmed and jolted as if stung by an electric baton, the inevitable no longer a faint thought at the back of his mind. Armitage felt, as if in a lucid dream, the Xenomorph’s sac rippling as its ovipositor pulsed and slid deeper, prodding at the internal skin of his taut abdomen, not yet stretched enough prior to this conception. His belly was hot, and full with fluid as his hole seeped with the Alien’s seed. Another lump came, pulsating and spreading his muscles as wide as they’d ever been, solid and capacious and eager to breed. Hux had cried-- cried, fully, everywhere between yes and no and I’m yours, I’m yours! as he’d struggled to free himself of his bondage, thrashing about while his hole was made to gape wider and wider, near enough to tear in two. He could feel something press against his prostate, hard-shelled, and the General convulsed when the Xenomorph parted his ginger hair with its tongue and pressed more of its heavy eggs into his body. He could see the protrusion of his belly, the slide of what was now practically a womb, his body a broodmother for whatever offspring the Xenomorph might produce-- And he’d been so high with it his vision had glossed over, dark and rife with his own lacking physicality, a need to sleep, to rest and save his strength for the offspring he might soon bear, the Alien’s brilliant clutch. His mind, his mind and the Xenomorph’s, and their young would rule the galaxy, tear down anything in their path-- Not for the first time, Armitage Hux wonders if he’s lost himself. When General Hux returns to the Finalizer, he is not the man he once was. The crew, of course, does not notice the rippling of his stretched abdomen beneath the robes he now dons, does not know of a slick onyx second-skin that has been pulled around his ribs, the hard outer texture of his body an armor he cannot put a name to. He disappears for a month out of every yearly cycle, a sudden occurrence that is odd and misplaced to those who know him intimately, such as Captain Phasma and Kylo Ren. But even those around him are unaware of what he really is, what he is a part of, this larger existence which they have yet to comprehend. The Xenomorph did not have the ability to find a Queen within the atmosphere of Quesh, and so it took one, reformed the strongest mind that it had found into a mate, a warm sheath for its brood. Their children will thrive. Hux will be Emperor and the Xenomorph will end any who oppose the creation of their hive, their civilization. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 10 of the Requests, Prompt Fills and Gifts series Next Work →