I don't know anything about the droid. I’m a scavenger and I found it in the desert. He has just finished up a routine mission on an ordinary day when he discovers her. Kylo Ren arrives back to the Finalizer to sense a Force imprint so enormous that it blinds his mind's eye even before he exits his command shuttle. She is like a beacon in the Force. So much beautiful, beguiling Light. Kylo is caught off guard. Shocked even. Definitely intrigued. For it is a rare thing to encounter another Force-user, let alone one with this magnitude of power. He stands there, still and concentrating amid the surrounding bustle of his flagship’s hangar bay. Yes, somewhere on his ship is a woman filled with the Force. I'm not part of the Resistance. I don't care about politics. I don't even vote. It takes but a moment of concentration before he hears her unguarded thoughts. This is Kylo Ren's natural talent in the Force: the ability to permeate minds. Non-Force users cannot hide their thoughts from him. And only those Force-users who intentionally erect layers of mental barriers can resist him. But this woman has no barriers. She must be untrained then. No, I don’t belong to the Church of the Force. Their prophet Luke Skywalker is a myth. He never existed and he’s not coming back. Her thoughts are frantic and interspersed with screams in the Force. Someone is hurting her. She is loud, vehement and terrified as she is tortured for answers she does not know. And now, Kylo Ren is even further intrigued. Wondering who this woman is, how she got picked up by the First Order, and what she is suspected of doing. From what he’s overheard, she is mixed up with that mess on Jakku. And that makes him very suspicious. Because random untrained Force-users don’t just find renegade droids in the desert carrying maps to Luke Skywalker without a reason. No, I don’t know anyone named Poe Dameron. I told you—I’m not part of the Resistance. He stalks through his flagship in a hurry for the detention center. It's a place he knows well. As he travels down crowded corridors the crew shrinks from his path. But Kylo doesn't notice. He is focused solely on her. Her Light keeps beckoning him closer, teasing him with her siren's call, even as her pain increases. He's almost to the detention center when in the Force he hears her tearful plea for mercy. It is pitiful, even to a Sith who has stood unmoved listening to many beg for their life. Then, she goes quiet. He's too late, he fears, and she is dead. Kylo bursts into the cell to find an unconscious young woman. She's barely more than a girl, really. And she looks like a filthy vagabond dressed in sandy rags. She is hurt, of course. Broken arms, smashed and swollen face, black eyes, a busted lip, and visible bruises everywhere. It is a wretched sight. He takes it all in, transfixed by the juxtaposition of all this ugly suffering against the backdrop of her beautiful Light. Kylo Ren has seen the carnage of war and he’s caused quite a bit of it himself. Bystanders and innocents get caught up in the crossfire all the time. It is an unavoidable truth. But this is different somehow. This secretly powerful girl had not been the enemy. She might even have been an ally. But she is the enemy now, he knows. These old-school questioning tactics are so uncivilized. “We’re getting nowhere, Sir. This girl is tough. We can’t even make her scream.” Yes, they had, Kylo thinks to himself. She had screamed for help in ways these lesser mortals could not comprehend. And her pain and those screams had been a waste. This interrogation is pointless because the girl has nothing to tell them. The whole raid on Jakku had been bungled from the beginning, he thinks with a scowl behind his mask. The droid had destroyed the map as soon as it had been taken by the First Order, no doubt following prearranged orders. And so the First Order is worse off than before the raid because now there is no map to be found. He had destroyed a village, destroyed pompous old Lor San Tekka, and now this girl too. And he is farther than ever from finding Luke Skywalker. Kylo Ren is a Sith, so his ends justify his means. But his violence always has a purpose. And, in retrospect, this violence seems both wasteful and counterproductive. The only thing of value he has to show for it is this girl with her Light. Kylo steps closer now to inspect her. She has hair the color his mother’s hair used to be before time streaked it with grey. It’s much like the color of his grandmother’s hair in the portrait Vader kept in his castle. The girl’s hair is matted with blood in places and tied back in tight knots. He wonders what it looks like worn loose. The girl’s face is a mess so it is difficult to appraise. But underneath it all, he suspects that she is pretty. Maybe even beautiful. Like her Light. Kylo raises a gloved hand to her temple. In her unconscious state, it is easy to penetrate her memories. And what he sees is sobering. He shouldn’t be surprised given this girl is a scavenger from the graveyard world of Jakku in the Western Outer Rim slum of the galaxy. But still, she makes an impression. For hers is a life of deprivation and hardship. A daily struggle for portions and hydration tablets. A life of loneliness without a satisfactory explanation. For far too much of this girl’s past is a mystery even to herself. He sees that she is determined and, at times, fierce. But mostly, he sees that she is soft. Given to gestures of charity that she can ill afford and moved to tears at the sight of suffering far less onerous than her own. It was typical of her to take pity on the renegade Resistance droid, he sees. That’s the sort of thing this girl does. And this time, it had been an unfortunate mistake. And maybe these random acts of kindness are the true way in which this girl is most fierce. For stubbornly she clings to hope. Mostly, it’s the hope of a family. To a vague idea that one day someone will walk into her life and change it for the better. That she will be valued by someone, that she will matter to someone, other than herself. He should kill her. Right here, right now. This girl has too much latent potential to live. If he releases her and somehow she finds her way to Luke Skywalker, she might become an enemy. And a formidable one at that. This girl has already found the droid in the desert with the map, so perhaps this is the Force trying to find a way to connect her to a teacher. Kylo has been a student of the Force long enough to know that there are no coincidences in life and there is no such thing as luck. He stares at her long and hard, remembering her plea for mercy that only he could hear. In her most desperate hour, the Light had cried out in the Force to Darkness. That unexpected connection seems extraordinary to him. And so, he makes a decision. Kylo Ren is a calculating Sith, so he is rarely impulsive on things that matter. But today, he is weak for the Light and impulsive for this mysterious girl filled with the Force. It’s no great risk, for she is no one. No one will care what he does with this girl. And no one will know. He’s Kylo Ren and he can take whatever he wants. In all the galaxy, he only answers to one man. “Sir?” The interrogator by his side is looking at him expectantly. “Did you discover anything?” Kylo ignores the question. Instead, he growls his orders. "Take her to the medibay, put her in a bacta tank, and heal her completely. NOW!" "But, Sir--" "This interrogation is over." She is in Hell. It's an old-fashioned fire and brimstone version of Hell with flames and the smell of sulfur. Here is a place where sinners pay dearly for their crimes and emerge forever changed. Where men are mutilated and burned alive as they writhe in agony and scream out their hate. Where the righteous look on resigned and grim before they turn and walk away. You were my brother, but now you are your own victim. This is a place where people are forever lost and left to suffer and die alone. Only sometimes they don't die. They live on in torment with a broken body and a broken soul. They become a creature in a mask. More machine now than man. And this might just be the worst fate of all. Because when hate is all you have left, it is very hard to let go of it. The nightmare is disturbing and strange. Rey is repulsed. She comes awake suddenly and sits up to find that she is actually in Hell. It had not been a dream. Or maybe, she thinks, she is not yet awake. Rey lays on a bed in a dark unfamiliar room that glows eerie red with light from a wall of windows. The view looks out on a sea of lava. It is all shades of molten red and yellow, rushing past in a dizzying torrent. Fascinated, Rey climbs to her feet and approaches the windows. Even with the super thick transparasteel, Rey can still feel some of the intense heat. It reminds her of the desert and Rey leans forward to press her palms against the glass to experience the warmth. It's comforting because Rey is very disoriented. And probably still asleep and lost in her dream. She's not wearing her desert togs, Rey realizes as she looks down at the institutional looking medical gown she now wears. She hugs the voluminous gown close as she realizes with shock that she has nothing on underneath. She's barefoot and her hair is loose. Rey runs a hand through it and feels that it is clean. The gesture causes her hand to brush her cheek and Rey touches a bandage. And now, it all comes rushing back to her. The stormtroopers surrounding her AT-AT in the wee hours, no doubt tipped off by an angry Teedo who had probably wanted the First Order's bounty on the droid. The troopers taking the droid and taking her. The questions, so many questions for which Rey has no answers. They suspect that she is Resistance, that she is hiding something. And so they try to beat the answers out of her. But Rey knows nothing about a map, she's never heard of anyone named Poe Dameron, and she's not stupid enough to believe that Luke Skywalker is actually real. She can't convince them that she is just a scavenger. And as her questioners grow increasingly frustrated, their methods of persuasion become more brutal. Still, Rey remains stoic through it all. She's taken more than her fair share of punches through the years. But over time, it gets hard to maintain her outward calm. Rey has never been more scared in her life. So she screams but only in her mind. She won’t give her jailers the satisfaction of hearing her pain. Stop! I don't know anything about a map. I'm not part of the Resistance. Owww! That hurts. That really, really hurts. I will survive. I am Rey of the Desert and I will survive. I will survive until I die. I don't know anything about Luke Skywalker. I don’t belong to that hokey religion. Oh, Gods, what is that? Owwww! I think you broke my arm! No! Not again—please! I can't scavenge with two broken arms. I'll starve if I can’t work. Have mercy please! And that's the last thing Rey remembers before waking here. There's a mirror on the wall and Rey stumbles over to it. She peels back the bandage on her cheek. It's a bacta bandage--expensive stuff to use on a prisoner. Beneath it, her cheek and jaw look normal. Rey pulls at another bandage on her forehead and one on her shoulder and finds the same. There are fading bruises on both her forearms, barely visible in the dim light. But nothing hurts. Nothing is broken. Someone has healed her. Rey is more confused than ever now. She turns back to the mirror for another look when she sees movement reflected there. It’s a man. He steps from the darkened recesses across the room. Rey whirls. Instantly, she is on alert. She casts her eyes around for something to use as a weapon but the bedroom is sleek and sparsely furnished. She finds nothing. And she sees that the stranger is standing directly in front of the room's only door. Neither fight nor flight is a good option now. "Don't be afraid," the man says quietly. The dim, reddish light reflects on his pale skin, giving him an otherworldly appearance. Her first impression is that he is tall. Many inches taller than she is. "I won’t hurt you." "Where am I?" Rey demands. "Is this the F-First Order?" "No. This is my home. On the planet Mustafar.” The man nods encouragingly at her. Rey sees that he is young. He has flowing dark hair and sharp cheekbones. He's dressed casually wearing a loose V-neck black tunic and slacks tucked into boots. “You are safe." She is wary. "Who are you?" “My name is Ben." "Ben?" she squints and echoes stupidly. "Yes. Ben Solo." Chapter 2 : Chapter 2 As the girl stares at him, Kylo stares back. Without the bandages on, she is even prettier than he had hoped. She has an intelligent face with classic features and strong brows. The red glare of Mustafar highlights the hollows under her cheekbones but he can't take his eyes off her pouty lips. Because despite her self-assured stance and strong voice, those alluring lips of hers are trembling. The girl is a mix of confidence and vulnerability and it slays him. She lifts her chin and boldly announces, “I don't know you, Ben Solo. I want to go home. Now. To Jakku.” She is probably the only person in the galaxy who wants to go back to Jakku, he thinks to himself. But he strives to be understanding nevertheless. To keep the habitual tone of command from his voice. It doesn’t quite work. “There is nothing there for you now. You will stay here. You are my guest.” The girl is confused. Understandably so. “I was a prisoner of the First Order . . . “ “Yes,” he confirms. “You were released to my custody.” Her eyes narrow and he regrets his choice of words. “So I am your prisoner now?” she demands, looking askance at him. “No, you are my guest.” He means his words to be welcoming but she’s looking at him now like they are a euphemism for something tawdry. “I don't understand. How did I get here?” She demands answers. “I rescued you. The First Order would probably have killed you. At best, you would have ended up in one of their work camps. My home is far preferable, I assure you.” She looks unconvinced. “How did you do that? R-Rescue me, I mean. I was on a First Order star destroyer--” “I know people in the First Order,” he tells her cryptically and then shrugs. “They will do what I say.” He sees that she is growing more suspicious now, not less. “Why? Why would you help me?” she demands. “Why did you help that droid in the desert?” he counters. “It got you arrested.” “I felt sorry for it,” the girl admits softly. “It was lost and alone.” “Well, there you have it.” He smiles to reassure her. “I felt sorry for you. You too were lost and alone. It would be a terrible waste if the First Order were to destroy you, Rey.” She blinks and takes a step back now. “You know my name? How do you know my name?” “The First Order told me when they gave you to me.” “G-Gave me to you??” The girl’s eyes widen now and she scowls as she misunderstands. She’s looking at him like she fears she is one of those unlucky women who gets trafficked across the galaxy. “I am not yours! I am a free woman! I am not a slave! I have the papers to prove it back on Jakku. The First Order cannot sell me and you cannot buy me. I am free! I own myself!” “I know,” he says quietly after her heated outburst subsides. “There will never be slaves at this castle. Ever. Rey, you are safe. I will not hurt you. There is nothing to fear.” Again, she looks unconvinced. “What do you want from me?” she asks with much trepidation. “I want to teach you. You need a teacher. Come. I will explain.” He beckons her forward through the door. She hesitates a long moment of indecision and then complies. His Jakku gamine wears nothing but a hospital gown but still she strides forward with shoulders back and her head held high like a queen. Rey has innate grace, he realizes, as he walks her to the dining room. It makes him think she could be marvelous with a sword. Not that he’s going to teach her that, of course. The dining room is an intimate space arranged for the comfort of a few and designed to meet the peculiar tastes of one. And so, like the rest of the interior of his castle, the dining room has windows overlooking the terrain of Mustafar. This time it’s the rocky riverbank next to the main flow of lava. Rey takes one look outside and raises a hand to her mouth. “Oh,” is all she says and she exhales softly. Kylo walks over to the dining table. It is set with two places. He removes the covers and gestures Rey into a chair. “Come. Sit and eat. It’s been days since you have eaten.” Tentatively, Rey sits down. She seems uninterested in the food for she keeps glancing back at the window with the dramatic volcanic landscape. He sees it troubles her but he ignores this. She’ll have to get used to lava scenes if she is going to live here. Kylo seats himself and raises his glass in a salute. “To you, Rey. Welcome to Mustafar.” Her brow furrows, but she dutifully picks up her glass. He watches as she drinks the water. She tips her head back and gulps it down as fast as she can. He can’t help but wonder at all the years of thirst that must lay behind that greedy gesture. Truly, this desert girl has lived a wretched life so far. Rey looks intimidated by the food. She blinks at it a moment. Finally, she takes up a spoon and starts shoveling food in as fast as she can. As if she’s worried he will snatch her plate away. It’s pitiful, Kylo thinks, like feeding a stray and hungry animal. But he says nothing as he silently watches her hasty gobbling with her hands and a spoon. From the looks of Rey, scavenging had not been particularly prosperous. She is rail thin. He remembers that on the medical report the doctors had given her vitamin shots in an attempt to correct the worst effects of her chronic malnutrition. Extreme poverty is the scourge of the galaxy’s Outer Rim, but Rey’s experience has been worse than most. He sees that she’s not even enjoying the food. Food is sustenance to Rey, he guesses. She probably has had no occasion to be discriminating. Between bites, she alternates between looking at him and looking out the window. He can feel her deep mistrust and fear in the Force. Kylo concentrates a moment and the water pitcher on the table levitates and moves across to where Rey is seated. Then it tips to refill her glass. Rey watches with rapt attention. But as the pitcher nears her she bolts upright and leaps back in fear, sending her chair crashing to the ground. “W-What is that? W-What are you doing? Are you doing t-that??” The pitcher settles back down on the table. “That is the Force,” Kylo tells her quietly. Then he reveals what he has been waiting to share, “Rey, you have the Force. It is a rare gift. It is why I brought you home with me. I would not let the First Order destroy you.” “The F-Force?” She’s still staring at the water pitcher with alarm. Like it might hurt her. She is awkward and embarrassed as she rights her chair and sits back down. “Yes.” He locks eyes with her. “Rey, you need a teacher. I can teach you the ways of the Force.” She says nothing in response. She just repeats herself again. “The F-Force.” “What do you know of the Force?” Kylo asks plainly. Rey’s eyes again find the water pitcher on the table. “I thought it was a myth,” she admits and he can feel her honesty. “Like the stories of Luke Skywalker. And the tales of the Jedi and the Sith.” He’s not surprised by her response. But still, it irks him. He hates to hear the Force disrespected. “It’s not a myth,” he informs her in clipped tones. “The Force is real. The Jedi are real. The Sith are real. Luke Skywalker is real.” She stares at the water pitcher, thinking. “How do you know this?” she challenges finally. This girl is not the passively accepting type. She wants answers. “How do you know the Force?” Kylo looks her in the eye. “Because I am a Sith.” “Oh,” is all she says. And that tells Kylo that she has no idea what he has just revealed to her. Again, he’s not surprised. The Sith are secretive by nature and even the Jedi know little of them. Plus, in the sixty years since the Old Republic fell, first the Empire and then the First Order have waged effective propaganda campaigns against the Force. It’s a dangerous religion, the conventional wisdom has it now. A leftist cult that should not be revived. The Jedi attempted to take over the galaxy once before and if allowed to exist, they will do so again. Don’t believe their high-minded rhetoric, they don’t believe in democracy. They want a theocracy run by their own priests with their magical Force. Fear is a marvelously effective strategy, Kylo thinks to himself. Clearly, it has worked with Rey. But he’s going to have to get past that if she is to learn. “The Force is in all of us, Rey,” he tells her. “It’s an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together. Some people are more sensitive to the Force than others. Those people can be taught to control the Force, to use it at their command.” “To move the water pitcher,” she whispers aloud. He nods. “Among other things, yes. Close your eyes,” he instructs. “Feel it flowing through you. It’s in you. It’s in me. It’s everywhere.” Rey closes her eyes and stays that way for a long moment. “Do you feel it?” he whispers. “I’m not sure,” she admits. "Try to move the pitcher," he suggests softly. That prompts Rey to open her eyes and peer at him like he's crazy. But Kylo persists. "Go on. Try. See what happens." "How?" "See the pitcher in your mind. Feel its weight and its shape. And then lift it with your mind." Rey looks skeptical but dutifully she tries. Predictably, nothing happens. Rey doesn't believe that she can do it. Committing to the Force is a prerequisite for using the Force. If you don’t believe it, you will fail. But Kylo is patient. It’s not in his nature, but he will be patient with Rey. Mostly because Luke Skywalker had never been patient with him. And Kylo will be damned if he can’t outdo Luke Skywalker as a teacher. He’s competitive like that. "Try again,” Kylo encourages. “Try harder this time. Try like you have been three days in the desert and you desperately need water." This time, the pitcher moves a little. Very little. But it moves. "Hey!" Rey looks amazed and it brings a smile to his face too. For he remembers what it felt like to take those first steps into a larger world. “Wow,” she marvels breathlessly. “Wow.” It’s a small thing, but it’s a start, he thinks. And seeing Rey’s broad grin makes him think that he will enjoy teaching this girl. "I knew you could do it. Rey, you are brimming with Force. It's there, waiting for you. Every time you connect with the Force, it will get easier. Soon it will be effortless. Like breathing." Her beaming smile now fades as quickly as it had appeared. "This knowledge is dangerous, isn't it?" Rey raises fearful eyes to his. "This is why the First Order wants a map to Luke Skywalker. Because he has this power." Rey looks down and mutters, "I'm in enough trouble with them as it is." As usual, Rey's instincts are spot on. But she doesn't know that he will protect her. She doesn’t know who he is. "Rey, the First Order will never know what we do here." He nods at her with encouragement. "Trust in the Force, Rey. All things are possible in the Force." "Where did you learn about the Force?" Rey asks suddenly. This girl is sharp and she doesn't miss a beat. "How did you learn this power? And why isn't the First Order looking for you if you use the Force and you’re a Sith?" Those are very good questions. "Rey," again he waits until he can look her in the eye. "I have studied the Force from both sides. First I studied the Light from the Jedi Master Luke Skywalker. Now I study Darkness from my Sith Master Darth Plagueis the Wise." Kylo has just namedropped the two most preeminent figures in the Force for the past hundred years. But Rey’s mind goes first to his grandfather. “Darth like D-Darth Vader?” she asks. And it charms him. He’s going to like this girl. “Yes,” Kylo can’t help but grin. In history, very few Sith have been openly known by their title, but his grandfather Anakin Skywalker had been one of them. Everyone in the galaxy knows who Darth Vader was, even if only a few know what his title had actually meant. “Vader was a Sith the same as I am.” "And you know Luke Skywalker? He is real?" "Yes.” Kylo repeats, “The Jedi are real, the Sith are real, the Force is real." "Then why does everyone believe it's all fairytales?" Rey wants to know. Kylo answers with a time-honored maxim of the deceptive Sith. "Because few people recognize the truth when they hear it. Usually, it's easier to believe a lie than to know the truth." Kylo leans forward in his chair now. He coats his words with a dose of the Force to give them the gravitas she needs to hear. He wants Rey to understand how important the forbidden knowledge he offers is. “Be one of the few who know the truth, Rey. The Force will set you free in ways you can’t possibly imagine.” Rey doesn’t yet know the romance of the Force and its legends and lore. She doesn’t know the intoxication of its power and the heightened awareness it brings. Watching her now, Kylo can’t wait to introduce her to it all. To see those bright eyes of hers widen with surprise at each new skill. To see her expressive face burst again into a smile at her newfound comprehension. Rey is a blank slate, with no preconceived notions of Dark or Light, no prejudices about the Jedi or the Sith, no teachings to unlearn or bad habits to break. Everything about this girl is raw and unpolished, from her table manners to her power. But she is a diamond in the rough. His diamond. And Sith that he is, Kylo covets her. Wants to shape and to mold her, to manipulate and to control her. Locked away in secret here on Mustafar. Yes, he thinks, Rey is what he needs. The daily grind of his war has become especially tedious of late. Rey is the project he has been looking for. Something that will capture his imagination and engage him anew. And she will be a way for him to make a contribution to the Force and to the future. But first, he has to convince her. And convincing people is not a skill Kylo Ren employs much. Usually, he just issues orders. “You can do this, Rey,” Kylo urges. “Your potential is amazing.” Rey thinks a moment and then she levels with him. “What are you really after? Why do you want me to learn the Force? I know you say you know people in the First Order, but if you're trying to recruit me to learn the Force for the Resistance, I won't do it.” That irony makes him smile. “Rey—“ “I'm not fighting for the Resistance! And I'm definitely not fighting for the First Order. I don't like politics and I don't care about this war. I just wish it would stop so that no one else will die.” She looks away and mutters, “I don’t like violence. I have lived among it my whole life, but I don’t like it.” “Rey—“ “I don’t need to know how to move things with my mind. I can move them with my hands. This is only going to get me killed.” “That’s your fear talking.” “Yes! It is. Because before I woke up in that bedroom I was in a First Order cell with two broken arms! That’s worth being afraid of! I didn’t survive on Jakku by taking foolish risks, Ben Solo.” Kylo ignores this argument because he’s not sure how to explain that she is safe from the First Order without explaining that he is the First Order. And that information is a definite deal-breaker just now. He tries another tactic. “Moving a water pitcher is only a rudimentary skill. But we all start somewhere. In time, you will see the power the Force opens to you--” “Power?” she interrupts. “I’m a scavenger—I have no power! And I have no education and no family and no resources. I have nothing, don’t you see?” “That all ends today, Rey.” “Yeah—why?” she retorts sullenly. “Because you have me.” She looks down and away at the window again. Kylo presses his case undeterred. “Do not let the First Order keep you from realizing your potential, Rey. You have been robbed of so much already. Take this for yourself.” “Why can't I go home?” she mutters. “I just want to go home.” “You’re afraid and so you want to run home. That’s what a child does. You can’t run home. Rey, it's not safe. My friends in the First Order may have released you to me unofficially, but you are still believed to be a prisoner. Now an escaped prisoner. Don’t forget that the First Order knows where you live. Jakku is the first place they will look. That guy who informed on you will only do it again.” Kylo watches as she frowns. “Rey, I will keep you safe. You will be well cared for here. This will be a gentle, easy life compared to Jakku.” “Yeah? And what’s in this for you?” she demands. Her Light, that’s what’s in it for him. The chance to experience and to be near her gorgeous, beautiful Light. Plus, the opportunity to control and to teach. Kylo Ren has been a student for many years and now he wants to try his hand at teaching. One day, if all goes well and eventually he trusts her, Kylo will explain everything to Rey. But for now, Kylo tailors his pitch to her ears. “I love the Force, Rey, and I don’t want its knowledge to be lost. Even the knowledge of the Light is precious.” “The Light? What’s the Light?” “It’s a convenient fiction,” he tells her. “The Force is the Force. But there is a Light Side and a Dark Side to the Force. How someone in the Light connects with the Force and uses the Force is different from someone on the Dark Side. Historically, the Jedi used the Light and the Sith wielded the Dark. But the distinctions are far more blurred than many would like to believe.” Kylo can see that he has gotten too abstract for Rey. Unlike him, she was not raised to believe in the Force and steeped in the lore of the Jedi and the Sith. This is all very unfamiliar to her. “It comes down to this: I have a responsibility to pass on what I know of the Light, Rey. And I want to pass it on to you. You, Rey, are my chosen heiress to the Light. When the First Order tracks down Luke Skywalker and kills him, you will be all that is left of the Light. You will matter, Rey, in a way that you can never matter as a scavenger on Jakku.” “But then the First Order will come after me!” Rey reasons, no doubt remembering her ordeal. “No, they won’t. Not if you have my protection.” He smiles reassurance at her. “Give me two months to teach you, Rey. And if you or I are unhappy, then we will part ways. Amicably.” She’s considering. “Does that mean you'll give me back to the First Order?” “No. I will drop you on the system of your choosing. Even Jakku, if you insist.” He sees Rey looking out the window again. Here he is making the offer of a lifetime and she’s distracted by the lava. Really distracted. For now, she stands and walks to the window. She’s pointing outside with her finger. “He was right there,” she whispers. It’s annoying. Kylo Ren is not used to people walking away from him while he’s speaking. “What are you doing?” he demands gruffly. “Can we talk about this later?” she complains. She’s agitated. “There is a man out there somewhere—I think he is hurt. He needs help. We should go to him—we should help him— “ “What man?” Kylo asks. “What are you talking about?” “I don’t know him,” Rey replies as she turns back around. “I only saw him in a dream. He is burned. His friend watched him burn and would not help. He walked away and left the man to die. It was a . . . a . . .” She searches for the right words before settling on, “It was terrible.” Rey fixes a determined look on Kylo now. Her Force imprint blazes forth with shining Light. Here is the compassionate nature that took pity on a lost droid, he realizes. “There’s a man out there who needs our help. We should go help him.” It only takes a moment before understanding dawns on him. Kylo knows this story well. He sits back in his chair to digest what she’s telling him. He marvels at this strange girl, staring at her anew. For now, Kylo is certain that he has done the right thing by sparing her life. Because this vagabond scavenger is having visions of Darth Vader. Quietly, he explains, “There is no man out there now, Rey. That was not a dream. What you saw actually happened here long ago. You saw a vision of the past through the Force.” “But the man—what happened to the man?” she wants to know. Rey looks miserable in the moment. She’s got her arms crossed hugging at her shoulders. “It was so awful! He was in such pain.” Kylo nods at her reflexive empathy. It fits her Light. Oh, how this girl is full of the Light. “The man lived,” he reassures her. “He was horribly scarred and maimed, but he lived. He became a great leader despite all his misfortunes.” “Oh.” Rey turns back to peer out the window again. Now that he understands, his annoyance with Rey has evaporated. It pleases him that she is so wrapped up in the drama of his grandfather. Kylo gets up from the table and crosses to her side. Now he too looks out on the rocky riverbank. “The Force is strong in this place, Rey. The surroundings here are very evocative for a Force-user. It’s why I love it here. It clears my head.” Beside him, Rey is still processing her vision. “He was a-abandoned . . . poor man . . . left to die alone.“ Of course, Rey fixates on the aspect of the story that resonates with her own life story. But this is not how Kylo prefers to think of Darth Vader. He honors the powerful, fearsome Sith who ruled the galaxy with his Master Darth Sidious. Kylo tends to avoid dwelling on the costs his grandfather had incurred along the way. So he reveals to Rey, “We are standing in that burned man’s castle. He built it here to remember the betrayal that occurred here.” “Why?” Rey frowns. “Why would he want to live here? After all he went through? Why would he want to be reminded of what happened here?” Hers is an innocent question, for Rey does not yet know that the Sith gain power from emotion. Most especially rage and pain. And if there was ever a place that represented rage and pain to Darth Vader, Mustafar is it. Kylo instead settles on a softer version of the answer. He doesn’t want to scare her about the Sith. About himself. “It takes courage to face your worst fears, Rey. We grow stronger from our adversity. Especially a Sith. The man you saw in that vision lived every day afterwards in pain. He was encased in a life support suit and wore a mask in public. But still, he ruled the galaxy for twenty years with Emperor Palpatine.” Her brow furrows and then Rey meets his eyes and Kylo sees awareness dawn. “Darth Vader??” she asks tentatively. “That was Darth Vader I saw burn?” “Yes.” And Kylo is actually a little jealous that she saw this vision and not him. Visions of the past are quite rare. “So this is Darth Vader's castle?” Rey nearly squeals. Then her mouth hangs open as she whispers, “Wow . . . Just wow . . . " He is pleased to have awed her so. And then she leans in conspiratorially. “Ben,” she asks him in a stage whisper. “Do your friends in the First Order know that you own this place? They love the Empire, right? You should be careful,” she warns with a knowing look. “They might come take it from you.” Her concern is genuine and it makes him grin like a fool. “They won't take it. They wouldn't dare.” Her eyes widen at this boast. And she challenges him: “Who are you that you can stand up to the First Order?” “I'm a Sith and I’m Darth Vader's grandson,” he reveals proudly. And he’s not sure why he’s telling Rey this. Kylo usually keeps his secrets very close to his chest. But he wants her to trust him. And some part of him also wants to impress her. Because when he’s not in his uniform and mask with his sword playing the part of First Order Sith prince, Kylo doubts that plain old Ben Solo is very impressive. As it is, this girl is way more impressed by Darth Vader than she is by Ben Solo offering to teach her the Force. But one day, he thinks, he will live up to his grandfather’s legacy. Maybe even surpass it. “Rey, visions like this are the reason why you should learn the ways of the Force. Because whether you want to or not, these visions will keep coming. The Force can be very persistent in getting your attention.” “I have had other dreams like that,” she confesses to him. “Mostly about an ocean and an island with an old man who waits.” “Learn the ways of the Force, Rey,” Kylo urges. He can’t tell if she is tempted or not. So he presses again. “Learn the ways of the Force. It will set you free.” “Two months? Only two months?” she confirms. “Yes.” “And I will be safe? Safe from the First Order? Safe from you?” “Yes.” “Can I trust you, Ben Solo?” “Yes.” “Okay. Then, I’ll do it.” Chapter 3 : Chapter 3 Her strange host Ben Solo disappears later that night because he has 'business to attend to', whatever that means. But first, he introduces Rey to a man called Vanee who is the caretaker for the castle. Vanee is surely the creepiest guy in the universe. He is very old with strong, almost leonine features and bright, sharp eyes. The old servant is very pale like Ben and dresses in flowing black robes that remind Rey of pictures of the old Emperor. Vanee will see to all your needs in the morning, Ben tells her with breezy nonchalance before he departs. Sure enough, there is a knock at her door the next morning and it's Vanee. He ushers Rey into the dining room for breakfast. Her eyes linger for a long moment at the full plate of food that a droid places before her. Food is plentiful in this household, she sees. Everything looks plentiful, clean and well maintained. Like in the shows she watches on the holonet. It’s nothing like what Rey is used to back on Jakku. Vanee sits at the table, pours himself a cup of caf and starts talking. Despite his intimidating appearance, the old man’s demeanor is surprisingly warm. Rey's standoffish attitude begins to thaw as she senses more friend than foe in this servant. “Now, my young friend, where do you come from?” he asks. “From Jakku on the Western Reaches.” “Ah, yes, the Rim. And how did you meet the master?” Rey’s ears perk up at this form of address and her eyes narrow. “The master? Are you his slave, Vanee?” Rey asks point blank. She is worried. “He told me that I wouldn’t be a slave. Did he lie to me?” The old man smiles kindly at her obvious alarm. He takes no offense at her blunt words. “I am not a slave. I serve the master. And long ago, I served the master’s grandfather. There has only been one slave at this castle, miss. And that slave was the master. There will never be another slave at this castle.” His answer has Rey completely perplexed. She has no idea what he is telling her. “Oh.” “How did you meet the master?” Vanee asks again gently. “I don't know,” Rey confesses as she nervously tears apart a muffin. It’s a fancy muffin with fruit baked into it. Not the dry protein muffin she’s used to. “I was a prisoner of the First Order. And then I woke up and I was here.” “What were you arrested for?” Vanee keeps asking his probing questions in a quiet, soothing way. As if asking a girl about her arrest record were the same as commenting on the weather. “I don't know. There was never any charge.” Rey frowns at the ugly memories. She would rather forget her time with the First Order. In her mind, that experience is all a haze of bright lights, loud voices and pain. “I’m no one, Vanee. I’m not with the Resistance. I am just a scavenger who picked up a droid in the desert. I didn't know that the droid had some map the First Order wanted.” She pauses and looks away. “They took me. And they hurt me. But I had nothing to tell them . . . ” “Yes, I saw the bandages when you arrived. The master said that you were interrogated.” Rey looks down and blinks back the flood of tears that threatens. Her voice is a husky whisper. “I just want to go home.” “Rey.” The old man waits for her to look up. “Whoever you are, you are definitely not no one. And you are most welcome here. This castle is a place of refuge. It has long been a place of healing. A place to reflect upon suffering and to gain strength from it. No one will harm you here. The master will not allow it.” Somehow, this dignified old man’s words give her more comfort than her whole conversation with Ben Solo last night. And for the first time, Rey feels safe. Sort of. “Long have I served the Sith,” the wizened old man continues. “This family has a difficult path. The master comes here to be away from the pressures of his life. To gain focus and perspective in private behind closed doors. Like his grandfather before him.” Once again, Rey senses that the old man is telling her the truth. But she has no idea what his words mean. Clearly, there is a great deal about this man Ben Solo and his strange castle that Rey does not appreciate. “First things first, miss. Let’s get you some clothes.” Vanee produces a datapad and hands it over to Rey. It's open to a holonet portal for a famous Coruscant-based luxury department store. There are page after page of outfits to swipe through and Vanee wants her to choose. After a few swipes, Rey settles on an ankle length simple casual dress and boots. It's a lovely pale blue and Rey has never worn a dress. Plus, the model in the picture looks fancy and important wearing it. Like she’s not no one. Like she might belong at Darth Vader’s castle eating a fancy fruit muffin. Vanee smiles his approval at Rey’s choice. Then he hands back the datapad. “Choose more than one, Rey,” he tells her. Really? “How many?” she asks. “Eight or ten will do.” “Oh.” So, Rey gets to work selecting an obscene amount of expensive clothes. Afterwards, she scans herself. The clothes will be made to her measurements, down to her shoes and bra size. And they will be brand new. Not the usual second-hand thrift items she saves for back on Jakku. It all seems very decadent, even if new clothes are a necessity. But it's also fun. Rey has never had the luxury of choice before. And, well, she has never owned more than three sets of clothes before either. Eight or ten sounds simply indulgent. And now she’s back in last night’s bedroom taking a hot shower and enjoying all the fresh running water. This too is a luxury. Maybe, Rey thinks, two months with the mysterious stranger Ben Solo won’t be so bad after all. She could get used to regular meals, hot showers and pretty clothes. And the creepy old guy isn’t so bad. Rey thinks she could grow to like him in time. All in all, last night and today feel like something out of a fairytale. With a prince of the Force come to whisk her away to his castle to care for her like some improbable Jakku Cinderella. But then, Rey remembers that all fairytales have a darker, hidden meaning. There’s always a sharp twist or some danger in those stories, she recalls. And now, Rey can’t shake a feeling of unease. Because she feels like there is something she’s not privy to. Like there is an explanation here that is lacking. Rey is not a trusting soul. Abandoned children who raise themselves on harsh Jakku do not trust easily. Rey knows next to nothing about the tall, dark and unconventionally handsome man who has saved her from the First Order and wants to teach her the Force. But she wants to trust him and she has no reason not to. And maybe every reason to do so. For hasn’t he healed her wounds, fed her, washed her and now clothed her too? Who is this Ben Solo? Is he the savior Rey has longed for come to rescue her and change her life for the better? Or has she fallen into the sway of a dangerous man with his own agenda who will get her killed? Ostensibly, her benefactor offers her comfort, security and forbidden knowledge. But there has to be more to this, Rey reasons. He calls himself a Sith and he lives in his grandfather Darth Vader's bizarre castle on an uninhabited industrial world. She remembers him as a strangely compelling man. Oddly charismatic as he speaks of the Force with deep reverence. Clearly, he’s a very serious, determined person. And one used to being in charge, Rey guesses. The way he had handed her off to Vanee makes her think that Ben Solo decides and other people implement and follow. But maybe that's fitting for a man descended from Darth Vader. Curious about her host, Rey grabs the datapad she used to shop and starts googling Ben Solo on the holonet. She can't find anything on him. The closest thing she finds are references to Han Solo the smuggler and one-time Rebellion general. And that's clearly not relevant. So Rey tries a different angle and researches Darth Vader. There are tons of entries on the Imperial warlord. And that poses its own difficulty because Rey is interested in the man's personal life and family, not military history. She spends an hour sifting through information before she gives up. She finds no references that connect Darth Vader to Mustafar or to this castle. There is no information about a wife, children or grandchildren. The only potentially relevant data she finds are old published but unsubstantiated rumors that Darth Vader is the biological father of the Rebellion heroine and New Republic leader Leia Organa. And that's ridiculous, Rey thinks. Just then, Vanee reappears to give Rey a tour of the castle. She sees that the living areas are all intimate. Nothing is grand in scale or in decor. But everywhere is the monochromatic look of quiet, lived-in luxury. Almost all the rooms have floor to ceiling windows that make the castle's dramatic exterior surroundings the focal point. By contrast, the interior furnishings are unremarkable and soothing in color, shape and texture. It is a strange and oddly zen place, Rey begins to understand. She’s starting to appreciate why Vanee had described it as a refuge. Because for a castle in the middle of a volcanic Hell, it’s strangely homey. “Does the master bring home girls a lot?” Rey asks Vanee. It’s an awkward question that comes out wrong. The old retainer just smiles shakes his head no. “You are the first, Rey.” And that's sort of a relief. At least she's not living in Bluebeard's castle for the next two months. “The current master is a very private man, Rey, when he is not at work. This place is a haven from prying, curious eyes. No one comes here but him. You are the exception, miss.” And that comment just deepens the mystery as far as Rey is concerned. So, she starts asking more questions. “How old is the castle?” “It was built the year the Empire was declared. It was a personal gift to Lord Vader from the Emperor. Lord Vader lived here until his death. I came to this castle to serve him and then I returned again to serve his grandson.” “Did the master grow up here?” Rey wants to know. “No. The castle skipped a generation. Lord Vader was estranged from his two children.” “Oh. How sad.” “Indeed. Lord Vader had few regrets, but his children were one of them. And his wife. My old master deeply regretted his wife.” Vanee glances over at Rey and urges her, “Come, let me show you something in the master’s chambers.” Rey follows him down a hallway to a locked door and watches as Vanee keys in an entry code. Behind the door is a suite of rooms--a bedroom, sitting area and office. Each one is every bit as dark and as sleek as the pictures Rey has seen of Vader’s mask. She has no difficulty imagining the Imperial warlord inhabiting this space. Vanee beckons her into the bedroom to stand before a large portrait that hangs facing the bed. It shows a young woman dressed in an intricate white lace gown. She wears a matching lace cap with veil that covers her hair. Long brown curls trail out from beneath. The woman is facing forward with her head turned aside and her eyes slightly downcast. She looks more sad than demure. Her hands clasp a bouquet of flowers. “Who is she?” Rey looks to Vanee. “Lady Vader on her wedding day. Padme Amidala Naberrie was her given name. She was the junior Senator from Naboo during the Old Republic days. For years, she was the secret wife of Lord Vader.” “She is beautiful.” “Yes, very beautiful. It was painted posthumously, but I’m told it is a remarkable resemblance. You should look Senator Amidala up on the holonet. She was a minor public figure in her day. Very accomplished. She died about the time the Empire was founded. This castle has never had a mistress, Rey, only two masters.” “What happened to her?” Rey feels compelled to ask. “The details are lost to time. She died shortly after the birth of her twin children.” “Oh. Did the children grow up here?” “Oh, no, Rey. Lord Vader's children were stolen from him at birth. They were adults by the time my old master found them. Hence, they were estranged.” Vanee gives Rey a pointed look. “Through history, the Sith have lived dangerous lives, Rey. And, like Lord Vader, they sometimes lost the people closest to them. And that reminds me,” Vanee remarks as he ushers Rey out of Vader’s rooms and back down the hallway. “There is a safe room in the castle that you should know about, Rey. It is available to protect us should we experience hostilities.” Rey’s expression hardens. “Do you mean a First Order raid?” Vanee looks to her. “This is a First Order system, Rey. It would more likely be a Resistance raid.” “Oh. Yes. Of course.” The safe room is in the kitchen hidden behind a supply pantry. "It's magnetically sealed and blast safe when the door closes, Rey. The air is filtered and the water is drinkable. There are rations here that will last a week.” Rey must look intimidated because Vanee rushes to assure her that the room is strictly a precaution. “No one yet has ever resorted to it, Rey. The master intentionally keeps a low profile when he arrives at the castle. As it was during Lord Vader's day, very few people know that we are here. The existence of this castle is kept very private to reduce the risk.” “But still, you are prepared to be invaded?” Rey raises an eyebrow. “The master is a Sith. He has many enemies,” Vanee answers simply. “Only a man who doesn’t stand for anything has no enemies, Rey.” “So what does the master do exactly, that he has so many enemies?” Rey probes. Vanee turns to look her in the eye. “He does what his family has always done—the Force.” “Oh.” If that answer is supposed to illuminate Rey, it fails utterly. The tour continues and Rey learns that there are only a few bedrooms, a dining area and living area currently in use. There is also an elaborate medical wing that Vanee explains was necessary for the constant care and rehabilitation that Lord Vader required during his lifetime. That’s where Vanee now resides. A sizeable landing platform, an adjacent gloomy reception area with a carved and vaulted ceiling, and state of the art communications equipment round out the tour. As far as Rey can tell, she and Vanee are the only beings on site although there are quite a few droids for housekeeping and kitchen tasks. All in all, this place seems very solitary. "Does your master have his own wife and family living elsewhere?" It suddenly occurs to Rey that there might be a Mrs. Ben Solo and little Solos somewhere. But, apparently not. "No. If the master did have a lady, no doubt he would keep her here for safety given we are at war. The master has living parents and an uncle. But the rest of his family are gone." "Oh." And now, despite all the information old Vanee has given her, Rey is more in the dark than ever about the man who has rescued her. All she knows is that he is solitary and has enemies. It’s kind of foreboding, actually. Rey is disappointed to see that there is no shuttle kept onsite. That means she has no ready escape route. When Rey asks Vanee where he gets supplies for the castle, he tells her that Mustafar is a First Order controlled system so all deliveries and pickups are arranged through them. We have very good relations with the Order, Vanee tells her. And that makes Rey think that Ben Solo must be influential indeed to have convinced the First Order to supply his personal castle. Whoever Ben Solo is, Rey can tell that he is both important and rich. And that's fitting if he is truly Darth Vader's grandson. Rey is told what she already knows: that Mustafar is a volcanic planet and its surface is dangerous and unpredictable. Do not venture outside, Vanee warns her sternly. Between the heat, the intermittent poisonous gases and the lava, you will be killed. Remembering her dream about the man burned alive, Rey is happy to heed this warning. By the end of the tour, Rey comes to the conclusion that she is stuck where she is. Whether she is a guest or a de facto prisoner is probably a question of attitude more than anything else. She dearly hopes that Ben Solo intends to keep his bargain about a two month trial period. Because if he doesn't, Rey is not sure how she's going to get off this world on her own. It occurs to her that this hidden, luxurious castle might be just as much a prison as her cell with the First Order. And that is unsettling. Chapter 4 : Chapter 4 Rey is waiting for him on the landing platform with Vanee as his shuttle descends to the castle. That’s a good sign, Kylo thinks. He is careful to shed his surcoat and helmet before he arrives. But it turns out that isn't necessary. Because when Kylo exits the ramp, Rey is far more interested in his shuttle than in him. The first time he met Rey, he had been upstaged by Darth Vader. And now he’s upstaged by his own ship. Kylo watches amused as Rey walks the shuttle, looking it up and down with a mechanic's experienced and appraising eye. Kylo catches Vanee’s attention and the sly old retainer winks at him like they share an inside joke. Which they sort of do. Kylo crosses his arms over his chest and drawls out to Rey, "Do you approve?" He’s in a good mood. He has been looking forward to this. Rey nods. She's impressed. And curious. "This shuttle looks like it's military grade. You have a lot of heavy shielding and weaponry here. And is that a small ventral canon I saw off the back? I didn’t know you could support that sort of firepower on a ship this size. Is that legal?" "Who cares? There's a war going on, remember?" Kylo reminds her. Rey is looking at the landing struts now. "There's some carbon scoring here,” she calls over her shoulder. “Looks like you have seen some action during liftoff and landing." She raises her eyebrows and looks to him for an explanation. He just shrugs. Much as he would love to tell Rey some war stories, that’s not an option yet. "Now and then I come upon hostiles. Not all my dealings are amicable." Rey puts her hands on her hips and looks to him. “People shoot at you in your business deals?” she asks point blank. “What are you—an enforcer for the Hutts?” He smirks at this and shrugs again. “It can be rough out there.” And that’s the understatement of the year from the Master of the Knights of Ren. But Rey doesn’t know that. "So how did you get your hands on this ship?" she wants to know. "You can't exactly buy this sort of thing off the lot. This is heavily customized. Are you some sort of arms dealer?" He laughs and at his side Vanee smothers a chuckle. Rey keeps talking. "I do like the color. The black is very fearsome. Slick too." She cocks her head. "It's very First Order looking. Don't they fly black TIEs now to confuse visual scanning in space?" "You are very perceptive, Rey," Kylo acknowledges with more truth than she knows. "There is only one other shuttle like this in the galaxy. It's owned by the Supreme Leader of the First Order." “Really?” Now Rey is very impressed. "I knew your ship looked very First Order. So that redheaded screaming Leader guy has this ship, too? Nice. You’ll get great resale on yours then, I bet.” Redhead? Screaming? He frowns. “The guy you’re thinking of is General Hux. He is not the Supreme Leader of the First Order,” Kylo informs her stiffly and sternly. But Rey isn’t listening. “I wonder if screaming guy has this same souped up hyperdrive,” she muses aloud. “This looks like you could go point eight beyond lightspeed." "Point nine, actually." And that's a point of pride for Kylo. He likes a fast ship. "This ship could make the Kessel Run in less than nine parsecs," he brags. Because, well, he’s Han Solo’s son, like it or not. "The Kessel Run?" Rey grins. "So now you're a drug smuggler and not an arms dealer, is that it?" "No. I am definitely not a smuggler, Rey. I am not a criminal," Kylo grumbles as Vanee suddenly succumbs to a dignified coughing fit. Rey doesn't seem to notice, she's still so awed by his ship. His scavenger girl is quite a techie, he's learning. And the random thought occurs to him that Han Solo would love this girl. They could talk hyperdrive motivators and power couplings for days, he suspects. Vanee interrupts to announce that dinner is ready, if he wishes. That sounds good to him so they all troop into his castle. Kylo busies himself looking Rey up and down as they follow behind Vanee. Evidently, her new clothes must not have arrived because Rey is wearing a workman’s jumpsuit that looks suspiciously like a First Order uniform with the rank patch and insignia torn off. But evidently, Rey doesn't know that. Vanee must have improvised for the interim. The results aren't pretty--the jumpsuit is huge on her with both arms and legs rolled up--but it's an improvement over her hospital gown. And this girl could wear a paper bag and still be attractive, he thinks. There’s something about her. A few days at his castle have made Rey much more relaxed and at ease now, and he likes it. It emboldens him. "So, did you miss me?" he leans in to ask sotto voce. He’s doing his best to be smooth. He has limited experience with women. And usually they are trying to please him and not the other way around. "Miss you?" Rey looks amused at this suggestion. And then she shoots him down. "Mostly, I have been missing Jakku." "Which part--the isolation, the starvation or the thirst? Or the sand?" Kylo makes a face. "I hate sand. Please don't tell me you miss the sand." "It's my home. I miss my home." She gives him a plaintive look. "I still want to go home." "Yes, I know. But it's hot here, just like the desert. Let the heat remind you of home." "Yes, it's hot here like living inside a volcano. An angry, erupting volcano." "You have to admit that it's dramatic," he says offhand. "I think my grandfather must have had a flair for the dramatic." Vanee excuses himself to check on dinner and Kylo turns back to Rey. "I missed you," he says softly. And it’s true. He can’t stop thinking of this girl. Rey looks skeptical. "Did not." "Did too." He shoots back like they're six years old and bickering on the playground. Rey changes the topic. "So, how long are you here this time?" Is she anxious to be rid of him? "Just tonight. Duty calls." "So what do you do exactly?" Rey asks. "You never did tell me. Vanee just told me that your business is the Force.” He gives her a cryptic but true non-answer. "You could say I'm in the family business. And, yes, everyone in my family has the Force." Half an hour later, he and Rey are eating dinner. She's gobbling her food just like he remembers. Her table manners ought to be off putting, but they're not. Because Rey doesn't know any better. It will be a long time before he erases the bitter legacy of Jakku, Kylo realizes. And maybe he will never erase it and these peculiar habits will just become Rey’s eccentricities. He’s fine with that, he decides. He has his own eccentricities. And besides, for a girl with a nearly feral upbringing, Rey has a strange nobility about her. She is very self-possessed. Kylo decides that he will take the bad with the good. And he’s never been one for prissy girls. But quietly, he tells her, "Rey, there will always be plenty. You never need to worry that there won't be enough." It’s gently said, but it’s still the wrong thing to say. Rey looks down. Suddenly, she looks like she's about to cry. He hastens to smooth things over. "Rey, you will never want for anything. I did not bring you here to harm you." "Yeah, ok," she mutters. She looks embarrassed now. He changes the topic. "Did you practice the Force any while I was gone?" Rey brightens at this. "Yes." Then she closes her eyes and the water pitcher at the center of the table raises and floats over to hang in the air before him. "Good, Rey, good." He is impressed. His words break her concentration and the pitcher starts to shake a bit. But then, she regains control and pours water in his glass. Now, he is really impressed. He's about to tell her that when suddenly the pitcher crashes down. It hits the tabletop and the dishes jump and clatter. While the pitcher lands upright, the water inside sloshes out to splash him. "Oh!" Rey leaps out of her chair and over to him. She's biting her lip and looking awkward as she weakly offers her napkin. "I'm sorry!" She looks horrified, but he's laughing as he dabs at his face. "You have been practicing." "I have," Rey admits sheepishly. Her face is flush from her accomplishment. “It was fun actually.” "When I was younger, my Master used to make me uncork and pour his wine with the Force,” Kylo suddenly shares. “He drinks a lot of wine. I would pour two full bottles worth each night as a kid." "Was that your Jedi Master or your Sith Master?" Kylo shoots Rey a look. "What do you think?" "The Sith," she decides as she sits back down. "Definitely, the Sith. Drunken Force-using sounds kind of wicked." "Correct,” he chuckles. “Although, Luke Skywalker probably would have been more fun if he drank," Kylo adds dryly. “Tell me more about the Light,” she asks. “Tell me more about the Force.” Yes, he sees that Rey’s practice has piqued her interest. It is as he had hoped. “The Force is a continuum from Light to Dark. People are like that too. We are each a mix of Light and Dark. The two sides coexist in the universe and in ourselves. None of us is all Light or all Dark.” “But you said that I was the Light.” Rey looks puzzled. “You are. But there is some Darkness in there too, I’m sure, if I look hard enough.” He smiles absently at her. Rey looks girlish in her ponytail with her elbows on the table and her chin propped up in her hand. She's cute like that as she listens closely to his words. “We all are a mix, and the mix can shift over time. When I was younger, I had more Light. But Darkness has overtaken it as I have matured as a Sith.” “What does that mean exactly?” she asks. “To lose your Light?” “It means that I feel the call to the Light. The Darker the Sith, the stronger his call to the Light.” And that truism is his lifelong struggle, his forever weakness, Kylo knows. Rey shakes her head. “I don't understand.” “The Force defaults to balance, Rey. In the aggregate and in an individual. When you get too far to one extreme of Dark or Light, the Force calls you back to the center. And so a Dark Sith like myself is moved now and then to mercy and compassion. Maybe even forgiveness now and then.” He flashes her a wry smile. “And to whims like saving a tortured innocent stuck in a First Order cell.” “Oh.” “It's also why the purest among the Light are drawn to show compassion for those in Darkness. Find any prison or slum, Rey, and you will find agents of the Light ministering there. Social workers, teachers, the religious, the do gooders among us. They are compelled to try to help, to forgive humanity's worst examples, to save souls and soothe hurts. It's a fool's errand, for the sins of the world persist. But hope springs eternal for those in the Light.” Kylo learns forward in his chair now, holding her attention. “You, Rey, are the Light. And that's how you appear in the Force to me. Gleaming and pure. Radiant and strong. Your power is blinding in my mind's eye.” “And you like the Light? You like my Light?” “Yes,” he admits plainly. “I am Dark, Rey. But still, I can admire the Light and appreciate it.” “What does it mean to be Dark?” He can see Rey struggling to understand these abstract concepts. “Darkness is the triumph of emotion, Rey. The Dark Side embraces the full range of experience and desires. From love to hate, from anger to sorrow, from pride to shame, from power to helplessness.” It’s best understood as a comparison, he thinks. So, he explains: “Historically, the Jedi served the Light and the Sith wielded Darkness. The two traditions were a counterpoint to one another. The Jedi commune with the Light Side of the Force through calm patience and understanding. The Sith do not cultivate calm, instead we encourage passion. We draw our power from our feelings. Our goals are different too. The Jedi prize self-sacrifice and community. They put the needs others before their own. We Sith prize power and ambition. We extol the virtues of the individual. And, of course, our means are not the same. Occasionally, the Light is righteous. But usually, it is peaceful and defensive. The Sith are aggressive. We can be obsessive and relentless.” He cocks his head at her, realizing that this speech is a lot to take in. “Is any of this making sense, Rey?” “Sort of,” she hedges. “How am I to know the Light from the Dark?” “You will know. Trust me, you will know.” She looks skeptical now. Kylo rushes to be clear that there is no forbidden knowledge in his version of the Light. “Rey, I will never limit how you use the Force. You may experiment as you wish. There are no rules for you. Luke Skywalker and his precious Jedi have lots of rules for the Light. They are unnecessary burdens. I won’t ask you to be a nun.” “A nun?” Rey looks flabbergasted. Like that is not at all what she thought she had agreed to. “What rules are you talking about.” “Stupid rules leftover from the Old Republic Jedi Order. Members of their cult were taught to avoid emotion. To bury their feelings deep and sublimate the personal for the universal. It's a prison, Rey, and a recipe for unhappiness. The Jedi tradition was extreme. They went so far as to forbid all attachments.” “What does that mean?” “It means that Luke Skywalker would make you a lonely nun, Rey. Jedi are not supposed to love. They can’t love their family, love a partner, or love a child. It is a life of sacrifice for the good of others. All of their teachings reinforce this. They even call the Force the 'Force of Others’ because they only want to use their power to achieve happiness for others. Never for themselves.” “I don’t want to be a nun,” Rey grumbles and it makes him smile. “And if I find my family, I intend to love them, Ben.” “Then stay away from Luke Skywalker,” Kylo tells her pointedly. “There is no need to limit your life experiences like the Jedi teach. Study the Light with me, Rey. Only with me.” “And what about the Sith?” she asks. “Do they forbid--what was that word?” “Attachments. No. The Sith permit attachments.” He grins as he tells her, “We are a possessive, obsessive and emotional bunch. Our tradition has long had allegiances to lovers, wives and families. I think my old Master Darth Plagueis has had something like five wives already.” “And is it true that the Jedi and the Sith are ancient foes?” Rey wants to know. “That’s how it is in the fairytales.” “Yes. Our views and our goals are generally in opposition, even if Dark and Light must forever coexist.” Kylo watches now as understanding dawns on Rey's face. It’s a eureka moment as she puts it all together. "This is why the First Order lets you carry me off and supplies your castle--because you are a Sith who will can help them find the Jedi Luke Skywalker!" she accuses. “Yes,” he agrees to that half-truth. “The First Order wants my help.” “Is that what you do when you are away--search for Luke Skywalker?” “Sometimes. Mostly, it's more routine work. But yes, I have searched for Skywalker. It’s how I came to know you, Rey. Because I was helping the First Order find the map.” Rey looks down now and mutters, “I knew there had to be a reason the First Order would do you favors.” When she looks up, she demands, “Why are you teaching me the Light if you want to kill a Jedi?” He tells her the truth. “I can kill a Jedi, but I can't kill the Light. Light and Dark are eternal. Each will exist in some form forever. The balance between them shifts with the times and cycles over and over. But there is always some form of rough balance to the Force. When you learn the Light, Rey you will be an important part of that balance.” There is a long silence as a subdued Rey absorbs what he has told her. And he has told her a lot. In time, she will see for herself the meaning of his words. But today was a start. He moves on to a less metaphysical topic. "Tell me more about what you have discovered about the Force, Rey." This question draws her out once more. "I can feel when Vanee is in the room. Sometimes I think I can sense when he's near." "Good,” Kylo approves. “Everyone has their own unique imprint in the Force. The closer you are to a person--either in emotion or proximity--the easier it is to recognize them in the Force." "Then how come I don't ever feel you in the Force?" she asks, puzzled. Ah, she has noticed this. "The Sith cloak their Force imprint,” he explains. “For defense and for stealth. It is a longstanding tradition from the Old Republic era when the Sith were surrounded by hostile Jedi. Hiding in the Force is the first lesson of being a Sith." “Are you hiding from Luke Skywalker?” she asks. As usual, Rey is sharp. “Yes. I prefer to have the element of surprise when we meet again at last.” Rey nods at this. Then she challenges him: "So show me your real self, Ben Solo." He grins and gestures expansively "What you see is what you get, Rey." "I find that hard to believe," she observes with more accuracy than she knows. "Come on, show me. I want to see how differently you feel to my mind than Vanee." "I'm a Force-user so I will look different than Vanee. Force-users usually have a larger, stronger imprint. More vibrant in your mind. And I am Sith, so I will look Darker." "What does Darker mean? Show me." "Careful," he teases with a smile. "Some find the Dark Side to be seductive." "Really?” she blinks. Then she looks devilish. “Well, now you have to show me." And how can he resist? He's curious to see how she responds. "Very well then, feel my power." Now Kylo uncloaks his power and lets his Darkness blaze. Rey closes her eyes to concentrate and then she gasps aloud. Yes, it’s an ego rush to see how his power impresses this girl. Ordinary women cannot appreciate his Darkness, but Force-sensitive Rey can. He sees her fingers spread wide as she presses her hands to the tabletop to steady herself. Her eyes are still closed and now her head is thrown back and her lips part slightly as she inhales a sharp breath. But he grins to see the effect he has on her. Clearly, she is awed. Rey is fully clothed and seated across the table from him, but in the moment she’s quite possibly the most erotic thing he has ever seen. She’s not hot for him, she’s hot for his power and that’s something a Sith can appreciate. He dampens his power now and the moment is gone. Rey blinks her eyes open. She looks bewildered and then scared. “D-Don't do that again!" she warns him. And he thinks he knows why. Kylo smirks at her now. He’s enjoying her discomfort. "Light and Dark coexist, Rey. Sometimes they repel. Sometimes they attract." "Don't do that!" she repeats with frosty insistence. And perhaps this girl would make a good Jedi nun after all, he thinks. Now Kylo can’t help himself. He just piles on more provocation. "I better not let you anywhere near my Master, Rey. Because if you felt his full power, you would probably melt in a puddle to the floor." He flashes her a crooked grin. "I'd be jealous, Rey. We Sith are the jealous type. And then he might take you for himself," Kylo adds with a sudden frown. Rey is recovered now and her self-assurance—and indignance—is back. "No one gets to take me, remember? I'm a free woman." "Oh, Darth Plagueis wouldn't steal you by force. He would lure you, Rey. That's more his style." The old Muun wouldn’t need to resort to violence. Rey raises her eyebrows at this. "Lure me? Huh,” she sits back to consider this. Then leans forward to ask, “What’s he look like?" "What?" Really?? She’s teasing him. She must be teasing him. Now Rey looks wicked. And a little like a boy crazy teenaged girl. "So . . . is this powerful Darth Plagueis guy hot?" Hot? Only if you are into three-hundred-year-old Muuns. "Gods, no!" Kylo squirms in his seat. How had they gotten on this topic? "Oh, so he's no Ben Solo, then?" What? "You think I'm hot?" The words fly out of his mouth before he can stop them. “Forget I said that,” he amends stiffly. Rey grins good-naturedly. Yes. He’ll take that as a yes. So, she’s impressed by Darth Vader and she thinks he’s hot. He’s going to like Rey. He may even grow to really like Rey. Kylo files that thought away for future consideration. And then he returns to teaching. This is supposed to be about teaching, he reminds himself. “Let’s talk about meditation,” he begins. Chapter 5 : Chapter 5 Rey's ears perk up to the sound of ion engines. "Is that Ben?" she asks Vanee. She doesn’t know when Ben will come and go. And from what she can glean, Vanee only knows some of the time. The old man shakes his head no. "It's delivery day, Rey. That’s the First Order with supplies." "Oh." She’s disappointed. And wary too. Vanee sees this. "There is nothing to fear. But stay inside. It would be best not to attract unnecessary attention." So Rey watches from a second floor window as a military transport lands. Uniformed men disembark and Rey is relieved to see that they are not stormtroopers. These men don't even look to be armed. They push several levitating crates into the castle. Then the men return to the ship and it departs. Rey breathes a sigh of relief. Then she rushes downstairs to Vanee who is supervising the ancient household droids who unload the crates. "So . . . what did we get?" she asks with interest. “Anything good?” The old servant is checking off an electronic packing list. "It's mostly fresh food and household items for you. But your clothes are finally here." Rey perks up at this. "Where?" Vanee gestures to an open crate and Rey practically dives right in. Inside is one fancy grey beribboned box after another containing her new clothes carefully wrapped in pink tissue paper. "Oh!" she says softly, overwhelmed by just the elegant wrapping of it all. Luxury is not something Rey has ever seen before. She pauses, suddenly intimidated. Vanee looks over her shoulder. "Well, let's see. What do we have here?" "Uh . . ." Rey hesitates. "I didn't know it would be so fancy," she mutters. Old Vanee sees her discomfort. So, he reaches for a box and begins to open it. Untying the bow and tearing through the extravagant paper with clear relish. "I feel like it's my birthday," he laughs as he turns back to Rey. "Unwrapping is half the fun of a present," he says gleefully with a twinkle in his lined eyes. His good humor is infectious. And Rey joins in. But she's still a little uncomfortable. "Is that what this is? A present? I've never actually received a present." "Then you have lots of unwrapping to catch up on," Vanee decides. And together they unwrap all fifteen boxes. One by one, Rey pulls out her new wardrobe. It's mostly simple day dresses and long, casual tunics to go over leggings. But there is also a blue nightgown and matching robe that didn't look anywhere near as gossamer sheer and voluminous on the holonet as it does in person. Rey also opens two pairs of boots and some dainty slippers. A slightly embarrassed Vanee is the one to open the box of lingerie. He stops abruptly, telling her that she should be the one to inventory the unmentionables. Rey just giggles. She starts holding up the clothes against her when Vanee instead orders her to her room. He demands a full fashion show. I'm an old man, he tells her, and it's been a long time since I have seen a pretty girl in a pretty dress. Indulge me, Vanee insists. Happily, Rey obliges. She even throws in a twirl or two. Everything fits. Everything is perfect. It's amazing. It's just not her. Rey looks down, self-conscious now as she tucks some of her wild chestnut hair behind one ear. "What's wrong, Rey?" Vanee asks gently. "I don't look like the models on the holonet," she sighs, blushing at her foolishness. Appearance has never been a concern for her before, so she's not sure why it seems to matter now. But it does. Maybe it's because every girl wants to feel pretty now and then. Maybe it's because Rey wants to feel at home in the castle’s luxurious surroundings. And maybe it's because now that her days are not solely devoted to subsistence, Rey wants to indulge in some frivolousness. And so, she had looked forward to these new clothes. But when she looks in the mirror, Rey sees pretty clothes on plain old Rey of Jakku. Looking like she's playing dress up. It’s not quite the Cinderella style transformation Rey had imagined. "Well, for one, those women are all as tall as the master, Rey,” Vanee points out. “And that's not typical. I think you look lovely. I'm sure the master will agree." Rey brightens somewhat at this praise. "Now go look in the last crate," Vanee urges. "There is something else there for you." Curious, Rey investigates. "It's a droid," she discovers. Then she hauls it out for a better look. "Oooh!" She grins. "It's a grooming droid! Like the fancy ladies have!" Vanee chuckles. "I thought that a lady resident in Lord Vader's castle should look the part when she so desires. Be as fancy as you wish, Rey. This place could use some beauty." And that's all the encouragement Rey needs. She starts playing with the droid that very day, having it copy hairstyles and makeup looks from holonet actresses. She even has the droid paint her nails. The scavenger Rey of Jakku worked with her hands and usually had a mix of sand and engine oil under her fingernails. But the lady of leisure Rey of Mustafar Castle has elegant pink fingertips and toes. And soon she has tweezed eyebrows, waxed legs, a perfumed neck and moisturized skin. Yeah, it's girly overkill. But Rey is having fun. And, yes, she feels pretty. On a whim, she even decides to copy Lady Vader’s hair and makeup from her portrait since Darth Vader’s wife is the closest thing the castle has to a mistress. Does pretty make her a better person? No. And it doesn't make her smarter, more capable or educated. It will never erase the deprivation and hardship of Jakku. But it does lift Rey’s mood. Youth and beauty are not accomplishments, she knows. But they are an ego boost. She may be nothing compared to the gorgeous Lady Vader in the painting, Rey thinks to herself, but she's not half bad to look at now. This unwanted orphan has received more than her fair share of scorn over the years. But if Unkar Plutt and his gang could see her now, she's sure he would be impressed. Other than primping with the droid, there's not much else for Rey to do when she's not practicing the Force and meditating. But the next day, one of the household droids breaks and Rey finds a new vocation in maintaining and updating the castle's decades old fleet of droids. Vanee welcomes the help once he sees her skills. It turns out that tools are plentiful because Lord Vader himself liked to tinker. And suddenly, Rey feels more than just decorative. She's useful too. And that's a great combination. She's a week into life at Vader's castle and so far, so good. About the only thing that Rey has trouble adjusting to at the castle are the dreams. Ben had been right when he warned that her dreams in the Force would keep coming. They wake her from sleep some nights and Rey finds herself wandering the castle staring outside at the lava as she tries to make sense of it all. Ben had told her she had seen the past in the Force. But it’s someone else’s past and so it is an unfolding mystery to Rey. And the meaning of the conflicts she sees are lost on her. Tonight, with her hair still in the Lady Vader curls she copied earlier, they seem especially unsettling. It’s very late and yet again Rey wanders the castle as her mind wanders the Force. This planet is scary hot with boiling lava and maybe she was wrong to come here. But she needs to see him and to find out the truth for herself. Obi-Wan has told her terrible things . . . What are you doing here? The man starts out annoyed with her and then quickly progresses to angry. Now is not the time for this discussion. But they have it anyway. She wants to run away, but he's tired of living a lie. He is who he is, and he is not ashamed of it. He will not apologize for it. This slave boy turned Jedi hero turned Sith is a man who is going to get everything he wants or die trying. You will understand in the end, he tells her. Once things settle down and he can make things the way he wants them to be, she will understand. But most importantly, she will be alive. His new powers will save her. But the new powers are the problem. I don't know you anymore! The man she loves would never have turned on his friends and killed younglings. She keeps arguing with him and he doesn't have time for this now. They turned against him and now she is turning against him too. She tells him she loves him but he thinks it's a lie. Because she has unwittingly brought a Jedi here to kill him. It’s not what it looks like, but he doesn’t believe that. And her beloved husband is livid now. And violent. He has become a very great threat. It's been a bad day. Kylo can't wait for it to be over. He shrugs out of his surcoat as his shuttle lands at the castle. His uniform is still damp from the driving rain that had marred today's raid. Normally, Kylo likes the element of surprise under cover of night. But not in a driving rainstorm. Just when his cut and run strategy had been almost flawlessly executed, things started going wrong. First, he had lost his newest, most junior knight to a blaster bolt to the head. Then things got worse and Nestor Ren had slipped in the mud and taken two close range shots to the leg. Kylo had thrown beefy Nestor over his shoulder with the help of the Force and made for the shuttle. They had gotten a tourniquet on him fast but still Kylo’s trusted second in command will likely lose his left leg. Nestor had been a trooper through it all, even joking some through the pain. But it’s a serious wound and with now another knight lost, the Ren are down to five men again. To top it all off, the raid had yielded no real useful intelligence despite all the Bothans they had slaughtered. And so, all in all, this day feels like a defeat. Coming on the heels of the bungled Jakku raid, this is two frustrating missions in a row. Kylo sighs heavily. He’s tired, wet and annoyed. And so he has decided to come home to Rey. Just the feel of her Force imprint soothes his mind as he tromps down the shuttle ramp. There’s no one to meet him, of course. It's the middle of the night on Mustafar and no doubt Vanee and Rey are fast asleep. So Kylo sheds his damp and blood-soaked undertunic as he trudges unannounced and weary into his castle. By the time he’s inside, Kylo is stripped naked to the waist in muddy boots as he makes for his room and a hot shower. He's almost there when he feels a sudden jolt of the Force. It's like a thunderclap in his mind. It freezes him in his tracks. And then it beckons him forward to investigate. Intrigued, he follows its call and then he sees her. It’s a woman standing with her back to him in the main living area of his castle. She wears a diaphanous blue nightgown that flows down and out from her figure. Her chestnut brown spiral curls spill over her shoulders and down her back. Instantly, Kylo is reminded of the portrait of his grandmother. Yes, this is a vision in the Force of Padme Skywalker, he thinks, as he looks on in rapt fascination. Tentatively, he approaches the figure. He sees that she has her hands covering her face and her shoulders shake with emotion. She is upset. But oh, how beautiful she is and he can't even see her face. He just sees her dramatic pose and romantic tresses. He walks close enough that he can even smell her faint perfume. Then, she drops her hands and turns to him and his breathe catches. This is not a vision of his grandmother, this is Rey. Looking exquisitely feminine and soft and completely unlike her scavenger herself. This sight arrests him. He has not expected this. "Anakin," Rey turns to Kylo and pleads. "You're a good person. Don't do this." And now, Kylo realizes that he is not the one having a vision of his doomed grandmother, it is Rey. She's lost in the Force and reliving the past, like before when she had witnessed his grandfather’s defeat and torment. Only this time, she thinks Kylo is his grandfather. Kylo stands transfixed as Rey rushes up to him, her arms raising to brace against his bare chest. "Rey?" he says softly. But she cannot hear him. Her mind and her senses are in the Force. "Anakin, all I want is your love," Rey cries. She sounds desperate and scared. "Come away with me. Help me raise our children far away. Leave everything else behind while we still can!" Blazing Light shines out from Rey in the Force now. Here is acceptance, reconciliation and forgiveness offered to him. A second chance to start again. “Stop! Stop now and come back. I love you!” Kylo watches with eyes wide, wondering at what he is seeing. Trying to make sense of what it means. For here standing before him and being offered to Darth Vader is the path back to the Light. It’s a decision that Kylo himself has fantasized about now and then in moments of self-doubt. For the call to the Light is his forever weakness. Does Rey see this about him somehow? Kylo wonders as she nods up at him. Her eyes not seeing him, but seeing a time long before he was born. She steps closer to whisper, "I truly, deeply, love you." Then Rey reaches up to pull him down for a searing, passionate kiss. Kylo is taken by surprise for a moment. And then he commits himself completely to the moment. Reveling in this sudden unexpected and stolen passion that belongs not to he and Rey but to his grandparents. Kylo drops the bloody tunic he's holding to the floor and buries his hands in her hair. Plundering Rey’s mouth and claiming it for his own. Finally, she pulls back to lay her head against his chest. "There's good in you. I know there is," she whispers. And for a moment, Kylo wonders if this is Padme Skywalker talking about Darth Vader or Rey talking about himself. For the words are disconcerting. Kylo stands there relishing the feel of Rey against his bare chest as his befuddled mind grasps at the meaning of all this. The ways of the Force can be mysterious. Then to his horror, Rey starts choking. Her hands are at her throat as she gasps out “Anakin, no!” Kylo stares, stunned by what is being revealed to him as Rey crumples to the floor. That spurs him out of his shock and Kylo follows her down, shaking her and calling her name to call her back from the Force. "Rey! Rey!" Her face has gone white and her eyes are bulging as if she is truly being choked. “Rey! Rey!” She blinks fast and then wakes from her trance. “B-Ben?” she stammers. “Are you alright?” he demands. She looks to be alright. “Yeah,” Rey exhales. “I think so. But you are hurt.” What? Rey reaches a tentative hand up to his left shoulder and neck and Kylo’s eyes follow her movement. She’s looking at the smeared, dried blood from Nestor Ren. “I’m fine, Rey,” he tells her as they both climb to their feet. “That’s not my blood.” “Oh. Good.” Rey looks relieved. “What did you see in the Force,” he needs to know. She looks up. “How did you know?” “I felt the disturbance in the Force. Tell me about your vision. Tell me what you saw.” “The tall man from before—“ “Darth Vader.” “Yes, he argued with his wife. Then he tried to kill her.” “Kill her?” What? “No, Rey, that’s wrong. The Jedi killed my grandmother.” “He choked her with the Force.” Rey shakes her head. “He was so angry, Ben. So angry.” “That’s not what happened—“ “That’s it, Ben—the portrait he kept of her—the one in your bedroom. It’s just like the windows to the lava. It was here to remind him of his pain. His wife was a different sort of pain, but she too was pain.” “That’s not what happened,” Kylo corrects her again sharply. He knows the truth—his Master had told him long ago the truth of his grandparents doomed love. “He loved her! My grandparents defied the Jedi Order and the Naboo royal house to marry in secret. They were together for years before she died. That portrait is there because he missed her.” Rey looks away, still a bit dazed from her vision. “Maybe he did love her, Ben. But he tried to kill her all the same.” “Force visions can be confusing and unreliable,” Kylo informs her curtly. As far as he’s concerned, this topic is closed. And she quietly agrees. “I don’t think he killed her, Ben. But I know he hurt her.” Rey looks down and blushes, as if suddenly realizing that she’s in her night clothes. Her very sheer night clothes, Kylo notices. Then she looks up at his bare chest and her face flames red even in the dim light. “It was long ago,” she mutters. “It doesn’t really matter.” Yes, it does matter, he thinks. Darth Vader matters a lot. But Rey looks so traumatized by what she has seen that he doesn’t pursue it further. Plus, the details of his grandmother’s demise are murky—even Snoke will admit to that. Much of his family’s tragic past is a mystery to this day. His parents and his uncle would rarely speak of it, and then only in lies. Looking down now at the girl who moments ago had been channeling his grandmother in the Force, Kylo marvels again at what he had found in that random prison cell. This remarkable girl sees the past, not the future. To what end, Kylo doesn't know. But moments ago she had been kissing him breathless, soft and yielding in his arms as she called him Darth Vader. It hadn't been real but it had felt good all the same. And seeing her now so pretty in her enticing nightgown, he is sorely tempted to flash his Dark power at Rey’s mind and carry her off to his bed. And then he can bury his mind in her Light and bury his body in her flesh and lose himself to pleasure. And maybe she will call him Darth Vader again. Oh, Gods, that sounds so tempting. And he’s a Sith so he can take whatever he wants. Kylo stares at her now and forces himself to resist. He's supposed to be teaching this girl, not seducing her. But it’s hard because her Light beckons to him. And after a bloody, demoralizing day, he could use the comfort of the Light. "Ben?" she peers up at him, uncertain. "Go to bed, Rey," he rasps. "Go to bed. Now." Chapter 6 : Chapter 6 The next morning, Kylo is up early and multitasking his way through breakfast. He's got the newsfeed from Coruscant playing on the large wall screen as he begins the task of responding to the morning flood of messages on his datapads. All three of them. Nestor Ren's message is the first one he opens. It reports what the medics have already informed Kylo: his best knight has lost most of his left leg and now has a mechanical prosthetic. Kylo starts to respond. It's official, I'm a peg leg. On the DL for at least a month. Sorry boss. You're in good company--Vader had two peg legs. Vader was an overachiever. I'm not aiming for two. One hurts enough. Don't be a wuss. You’re not exactly General Grievous. And you're welcome. Fuck you. And thanks for saving me. That’s two I owe you. Three. Then, it's on to intelligence reports and a laundry list of decisions that require his approval. Kylo is on his second cup of caf and his second datapad when Rey wanders in. Kylo glances up and does a double take. Rey's tight curls are tied back loosely to the side. She's wearing a fluid looking pale blue dress that covers the top half her grey boots. The dress is simple with a wide, high neckline and three quarter sleeves. It is plain but in a luxurious fabric. And is that makeup Rey is wearing? Rey looks like the pampered daughter of a business magnate home from university. Kylo exchanges an approving look with Vanee across the table. He's going to enjoy spoiling his scavenger girl. She looks nothing like her true self and that appeals to him. For Kylo too is not all that he appears. Not to Rey and not the galaxy. "Good morning," Vanee says in his pleasant, formal tone. “Rey.” Kylo nods hello. She grumbles something about not being a morning person and pours herself some caf She takes it black, Kylo sees, and that's fitting. His Rey isn't much for amenities. Watching her, Kylo wonders for a moment whether Rey remembers their kiss last night. It doesn't look like it. And that's probably for the best so that there is no awkwardness between them. He intends to teach this girl, and not to take her to bed. After Rey takes a few fortifying sips of caf, she looks up to ask him with concern, "How is your friend? The one who is hurt?" Vanee shoots him a covert questioning look and Kylo responds. "Nestor." Then Kylo turns back to inform Rey, "He lost his leg." She makes a face. "Oh, I'm sorry." She truly is sorry. So compassionate is this girl. "You are kindhearted, Rey. I like that,” he approves without a trace of irony. Then he shrugs with the nonchalance of a fighting man used to injury and death. “It's no surprise about the leg. We all knew it was bad. At least he’s alive. I depend on him a lot. You could say he’s my second in command." Rey still looks troubled. "How did he get hurt?" It's an innocent enough question. Kylo tells the truth. "Two blaster shots to the leg." She frowns at this. "Do your business deals always end in violence?" "Things did not go as planned." His tone is curt. Kylo is still smarting over yesterday’s losses and he has no wish to discuss it. Rey takes the hint. She glances over at the wall screen with the looping Coruscant newsfeed. Now it’s playing a clip of General Hux making a speech. He’s his usual overly emotive self. Rey eyes the general with distaste. "I don't like that guy," she announces. Vanee blinks. Kylo smirks. "No one does. He’s is a loudmouth ass." "I hate the First Order," Rey scowls and shoots the newsfeed a dirty look. “Especially that screaming Leader guy.” Vanee catches his eye but Kylo just shrugs. "That screaming guy isn’t the Supreme Leader, Rey. He’s just General Hux. He’s their fascist front man.” Kylo sits back, crosses his arms and gives Rey a measuring look. “I’m not surprised that you don’t like the First Order. That's understandable given your experience. Are you ready to go sign up for the Resistance now?" Kylo raises one eyebrow. "No,” Rey shakes her head and takes another drink of caf. “I'm not much into politics. And I don’t want to get sliced in half by the sword of Kylo Ren." Vanee speaks up now and deftly changes the topic. "The droid is charged, Rey. I checked it this morning. Today, we will see if your hard work is rewarded." "Droid?" Kylo asks. Vanee explains. "Rey has taken on the task of rehabbing some of the old household droids. Many were long overdue for some maintenance. Rey has even managed to reassemble one of the older models she found." "I like fixing things," Rey explains. Yes, he knows. And no doubt she is a bit bored. Kylo is all for droid fixing and whatever other innocuous tasks Rey wants to do around his castle in between learning the Force. "It will be good to have someone who's mechanical around here,” he tells Rey. “Vanee has many talents, but fixing things isn't one of them." The old man nods his agreement at this assessment. Rey smiles happily. She looks over to Vanee. "So, it's fully charged now?" The servant nods yes and Rey leaps up and excuses herself to go investigate. While Rey tinkers with droids, Kylo spends his morning occupied on com calls in his office. It's one strategy session after another to update him on the First Order's plans to continue its march across the galaxy. Kylo doesn't see Rey again until midafternoon when he wanders into the kitchen for some water and finds her disassembling an ancient mouse droid on the table. "It's got a bad motivator," Rey informs him when she looks up. "And it's so old that it might not be worth replacing. Imperial-era parts can be hard to find." "I wonder what Vader did with a mouse droid," Kylo muses aloud as he watches her work a moment. "I hate those damned things.” Actually, he’s kicked more than a few of them that have crossed his path on the Finalizer . “I wouldn’t have taken Vader for a droid guy." "Vanee says that Darth Vader was very mechanical,” Rey muses. “Supposedly, there's an old pod racer he tinkered with stored away somewhere here." "Yeah, I knew he liked the racers," Kylo tells her. "He was famous for always testing out new TIE prototypes himself. Even his foes would admit that Vader was the best starpilot in the galaxy." Rey smiles over at Kylo as she attacks the droid with pliers. "Then, I'll bet he would have loved your shuttle, Ben." That comment gives Kylo an idea. He has an hour before his next com call. Hux has scheduled another long update on Snoke’s pet Starkiller project. It’s approaching completion and the general is far too personally proud of that technological terror, as far as Kylo is concerned. Privately, the project is Death Star 3 in Kylo’s mind. He gives it one, maybe two, uses before the Resistance finds it and blows it up. Their general Leia Organa is good at blowing up Death Stars, as everyone knows. Kylo leans over Rey's shoulder to whisper suggestively in her ear. "Want to take a ride in my shuttle?" Rey drops her pliers and whirls. "Really?" Kylo grins and nods. "Really." She abruptly stands up. "Well, yeah!" Five minutes later, his command shuttle is powering up and Rey is next to him in the copilot's seat, running her hands over the dashboard like another woman might appreciatively finger the fabric of a fancy dress. "I've only flown simulations," she confesses sheepishly to him. "But I've flown a lot of simulations. There wasn’t much to do at night on Jakku." No, he bets not. How lonely and wasted her life was on that Hellhole planet, Kylo thinks. "Now is your chance, Rey," he tells her. And once they are aloft, he turns over the controls to her. She expertly puts the ship through its paces. Testing its maneuverability, acceleration and braking. He sees that Rey does indeed know her way around a spacecraft. "We don't have time to do the Kessel Run today,” Kylo tells her and he’s half serious. “But let's take her into lightspeed someplace close by. I want you to feel the full point-nine." He makes a few quick calculations. And then the ship shudders briefly as it enters hyperspace. Now the shuttle’s windshield looks out on the undulating blue swirls he knows so well. But this is all new for the girl from Jakku. "Oh, I love it," Rey says softly as she stands to take it all in. Kylo watches as the blue light reflects on her face. She looks somewhat solemn in the moment. "It's so beautiful. And it's nothing like the simulations." Hyperspace is a commonplace thing for Kylo Ren. But it is brand new to Rey. Seeing her reaction now makes Kylo want to show her other things just to relive this charming moment. Rey is so unaffected. And that’s a breath of fresh air for Kylo who spends his days among the competitive, posturing and preening senior officers of the First Order. This girl has seen the worst of life but has managed to keep herself largely unstained by it. And that makes Kylo wonder if Rey might be able to endure him and remain unsullied too. For as his world grows ever Darker, he craves the Light more. To be close to it, to experience it and, yes, to win it's approval. Watching Rey so girlishly lovely and sincere, Kylo wonders for a moment what it would be like to be more than her teacher. He’d be lying if he said he hasn’t fantasized about it once or twice already after last night’s kiss. But they have a lie between them. A big lie. It is only temporary, Kylo thinks. Once he trusts her, he will tell her the truth. And it will be the whole truth of Ben Solo, warts and awkward relatives and all. And then he will explain about Kylo Ren. Someday—hopefully soon—Rey will know the truth. It's a short hyperspace jump and the reversion comes fast. Kylo forgets to warn newbie Rey that reversion at full speed can be a bit of a jolt. She doesn't know to brace herself for the sudden deceleration. She stumbles, loses her footing and starts to fall before Kylo reaches for her. He has fast Force-attuned reflexes and Rey quite gracefully ends up in his lap. "Oh!" She yelps as he catches her and breaks her tumble, preventing her from crashing into the port side instrument panel. Rey laughs out loud now. "Whoops! I'm sorry!" He's not. As she twists in his lap, it suddenly titillates him and the memory of last night’s secret kiss rushes up to him again. “I’m clumsy,” she whispers. And he disagrees. “No, you’re not. You’re lovely.” Rey blushes red and looks down. “I forgot to thank you for the clothes. Vanee had me buy a lot of clothes—“ “I like the clothes. I like your hair too.” She reaches up self-consciously now to smooth her wild curls. “Yeah?” she asks tentatively and it’s clear to Kylo that Rey has no idea how beautiful she is. He doubts she ever looked in a mirror back on Jakku. And, well, she had other priorities then. She makes to stand, but gently he prevents her. “Now you look as beautiful as your Light, Rey. Inside and out, you are beautiful,” he whispers. And then without thinking he kisses her. It’s a soft, chaste kiss full on the lips. It lasts just a moment before he releases her. Rey jumps up and sinks back into the co-pilot’s seat. She says nothing. He says nothing. He can’t decide which of them is more surprised by what just happened. So Kylo busies himself reversing the jump calculations on the navicomputer. “Put your seatbelt on this time,” he says a little too gruffly like he’s complaining. “We’re headed home.” Then they are back in hyperspace and back on Mustafar in ten minutes. As together they walk back into the castle, Rey turns to him. “What happens to me if you get killed while you're away on one of your dangerous business deals?” Kylo starts to respond, but she raises a hand to forestall him. “Mustafar is a First Order world and I know that you don't keep a ship here while you’re gone. So the First Order would have to come for us to get off world. And then they would find me, Ben.” Rey’s voice sounds a bit shrill with fear now. “Then I would be back in a cell . . . or worse.” “There's no need to worry,” he tells her. But she's really worried about this, he sees. “Rey, if something happens to me then Vanee will contact my Master. It will all be fine. And I'm not planning to die anytime soon.” And since Kylo is farther than ever from finding Luke Skywalker, his risk of death isn't particularly high right now. She doesn’t look very convinced. “I promise to keep you safe, Rey. The First Order can't hurt you.” “Not as long as you’re alive and they still want your help,” she qualifies. “I will keep you safe,” he reiterates. And she just looks away, unconvinced. Three hours later, Kylo has heard all there is to know about Starkiller Base. Hux keeps brushing off his questions about the thermal oscillator. That’s the obvious weak spot to the weapon, Kylo argues. And then Hux goes off again on his diatribe about shielding and defensive measures and stop calling this Death Star 3, Ren, ad nauseum. General Hux doesn’t know it, but Kylo Ren grew up with stories of Death Star trench runs and Endor commando raids. He’s Han Solo’s son and he knows that shielding is only a mild deterrent to leftwing fanatics with bombs. For no matter how expert your engineering, there is always some version of a small thermal exhaust port right below the main port that is a weak spot. History has proved this twice already. Kylo won’t be surprised if it proves it a third time. He’s on the record today pointing that out several times. But Starkiller Base is Hux’s command and the general makes the final decisions there. And if he thinks Kylo’s critique is motivated by a desire to make him look inept rather than to protect the First Order, then that’s Hux’s mistake. I’d hate to be you, Kylo had told his would-be rival smugly, if you ever have to tell the Leader that Starkiller Base is no more. Hux had ended the com call abruptly after that remark. So Kylo goes in search of Rey and in search of dinner. He finds her laughing with Vanee in the kitchen. She must have moved on from the mouse droid because now she's at work on an equally ancient looking Imperial protocol droid. It’s one of those old ‘six million forms of communications’ type droids like one his mother had. As Rey tinkers with the control panel on the back, the droid keeps switching mid-sentence between Standard Basic and Shyriiwook. Whenever the droid lapses into the grunts and howls of the wookiee language, Rey collapses into giggles. Even dignified old Vanee has given up keeping a straight face. And that alone makes Kylo smile. "How are you at cooking?" Rey calls out to him. "Never done it," Kylo admits. "Why?" "Because if I can't get this droid working soon, one of us is going to have to cook." "I think we have some cereal somewhere," Vanee volunteers without enthusiasm. But just then Rey succeeds and the droid reboots and pops to its feet. It asks for instructions in Basic and dinner is saved. Rey shouts in triumph and high fives Vader's ancient old manservant who his Master has kept alive in the Force for decades past his normal lifespan. The sight of prim old Vanee making such a casual gesture makes Kylo grin. In the few days Rey has been here, clearly she's turned his household upside down. He and Rey spend the next half an hour meditating in the Force. Across the room from him, Rey is struggling to center herself and find the Light. That's her inexperience showing, he thinks, and maybe the Darkness of Mustafar. For this is a wonderful place for a Sith to connect with the Force. His grandfather's castle is steeped in the shadow Force. And the absence of the thousands of surrounding Finalizer crew members crowding his head is freeing. All he has here is peaceful old Vanee and Rey. And, if anything, Rey helps him. Her Light is a counterpoint to his Darkness. She's not an adversary, her power is a complement. And that's unexpected. For this is a stasis, a balance, he could never find with Luke Skywalker. When dinner is prepared, Vanee excuses himself to eat in his room so it's just he and Rey. Before he departs, Vanee hands Rey a bottle of wine and winks. Something is afoot, Kylo sees. Rey takes a deep breath, sets the bottle before her and concentrates. She's opening it with the Force, he realizes. He grins and it distracts her. "Stop," she tells him sternly without opening her eyes. And now he's really grinning. But he says nothing, waiting while his dinner grows cold until he hears the distinctive pop of the cork releasing. Her face is triumphant. Kylo nods his approval. "Well done. Now pour us both a glass." Rey keeps concentrating as she completes the task. She’s a bit shaky and the wine sloshes over the rim of her glass one or twice, but all in all she does well. Rey is grinning with pride as he tips his glass to her in a salute. “Well done, Rey. Well done.” “I have never drank wine before,” she confesses with a mischievous look about her lips. “Does that mean you’re a teetotaler or that you go straight for the hard liquor,” Kylo drawls. Rey laughs a little. “Neither. It means that I couldn’t afford it.” Kylo doesn’t want to think about how bad the cheap wine on Jakku must taste. It’s probably a good thing she never drank it. “Well, drink all you want tonight, Rey. But you have to pour it with the Force.” She’s giving a thoughtful look now and it prompts him to ask, “What do you think of it?” “It’s very sweet. I didn’t think it would taste so sweet. But I like it. I think.” “I was fifteen the first time I drank wine. I stole a few bottles from my parents and snuck them back with me to the Jedi academy. A couple of us got drunk that night for the first time.” Kylo frowns at the random memory. His younger self had tried too hard to fit in with his classmates. In the end, his bad attitude had only gotten worse when he failed time and again to impress his peers. “How did you go from being Jedi to being Sith?” Rey asks. Kylo thinks a moment how best to explain this. He settles on vague brevity. “My Jedi Master was a lousy teacher. And he lied to me about the Force and about my grandfather. Over time, he lost all credibility with me. Finally, I was through being his padawan.” Rey is lost in this terminology. “What's a padawan?” she asks. “It's the traditional name for someone training to be a Jedi. I was a very bad padawan learner, Rey. I am a much more successful Sith apprentice.” “Should I be concerned,” she teases as she gulps at her wine just like she gulps at her water. “Do I need a better teacher than you, Ben?” “You definitely deserve a better teacher,” Kylo concedes. “I have never taught anyone before you. But I like having you as my padawan, Rey.” “So, does that make you my master?” Kylo thinks a moment. “Yes, it does,” he decides. Then he smirks. “I might be the first Sith to ever have a padawan.” “Well, I think you're a far better choice than Luke Skywalker,” Rey tells him. “I would never want a master who lied to me, Ben.” And now Kylo wishes they had never gotten on this topic. So he changes it. “Pour me another glass, Rey.” And she does. But it’s a bit rough this time around. “I think I must be tired,” she makes her excuse softly. “I think you’re a little drunk, Rey,” he corrects with a grin. “No one gets drunk on one glass of wine,” she scoffs. Then asks, “Do they?” “They do when they have no experience with drinking and they eat as little as you do, Rey.” “Does this mean you’re cutting me off?” she complains with pursed lips. “Because I’m starting to like it.” Kylo snorts. “I think you’re starting to get buzzed, Rey. But if you can still pour it, then you can drink it.” And she does. Newly refilled glass in hand, Rey looks at him for a long moment before telling him, “Thank you for saving me, Ben. I don’t think I have ever told you that. Thank you for saving me from the First Order.” No, she hasn’t told him that. And something in the serious, admiring way she says this makes him feel like a hero. He’d had his own motives for saving Rey, of course. But he undeniably saved her from a lot more pain and perhaps even death. It’s one of the few win-win decisions Kylo can remember making. His decisions usually result in him winning and others losing. He looks across at her and responds to her earnestness in kind. “Rey, it would have been a terrible waste to let them destroy you. I wasn’t going to let that happen.” She hiccups, then giggles. “Yeah, well, who else would you have to pour your wine with the Force then?” “Do you think you can pour me another glass?” he challenges Rey now. She looks a little dubious, but she sets down her glass and stands to walk over closer to him. “I think being closer will help,” she explains as she gingerly weaves her way to close the distance between them. “Rey, you’re tipsy,” he accuses. “Yes and drunk Force-using sounds a little Dark Side, right? But let me try.” And sure enough, with enough intense concentration, Rey refills his glass. But the effort depletes her. And now she sways a bit and hiccups again as she attempts to high five him and fails miserably by inches. Kylo laughs out loud and stands to intercept her sloshing glass before she spills it all over him. He decides that it really is time to cut her off now. “That’s enough, Rey. One more glass and you’ll be on the floor. Wine is new to you, so take it slow.” “Today was a day for new things,” Rey muses and now she truly does look a bit drunk with a lopsided smile and unfocused eyes. “Three new things . . . three in one day.” He thinks a moment. “The wine and hyperspace, right?” She nods. “What else am I missing?” “The kiss,” she whispers. “You are my first kiss, Ben.” Oh, he should have guessed as much. And now he’s thinking of her forgotten passionate kiss in his arms last night. If that was Rey’s first kiss, then she’s a fast learner. And, really, that’s not surprising given how fast she catches on to the Force. “Kiss me again, Ben. I like kissing you.” “Rey, that’s not a good idea—“ And that statement is a triumph of Kylo’s reason over his baser instincts. Because his Jakku waif looks very alluring standing next to him. He would definitely be up for a repeat of last night’s kiss. “Please, master.” What did she just call him? And, oh, he hopes she calls him that again sometime. When she’s not drunk. “Rey—“ he starts to object when she reaches up to sweetly peck at his cheek. It’s like a kiss a little girl might give him. And it reminds him just how young this scavenger girl truly is. Despite her gritty life on Jakku, she remains very innocent in certain respects. Or maybe that’s just her Light. Because while the lonely years of hardship may have left their mark on her, they don’t seem to have stolen her happiness. Watching her delight in hyperspace and now in wine, makes him smile. Then he remembers her goofy snort laugh over the droid speaking wookiee. Yes, this girl is fun to be around. He needs more fun in his life. “You need to go sleep it off, Rey. Tonight you had your first taste of wine and tomorrow you’re going to have your first hangover,” he laughs. “You may decide to rethink this whole wine business.” “Yeah, well, good night,” she tells him and sets off staggering across the room. Only she’s headed the wrong direction. “Other way, Rey,” he smirks and suppresses a grin. “That’s the way to my room.” “Oh, uh, yeah. Whoops.” She flashes a sheepish smile and then whirls to promptly stagger back the other direction. The next morning, a groggy and slightly worse for wear Rey appears just as Kylo is ready to head out. He's got his surcoat slung over his arm hiding his sword. His helmet and gloves are stashed in the shuttle. "Come, walk out with me," he tells Rey and she heads to the landing pad with him. "Practice your meditation while I'm gone,” he instructs. “The goal is to improve your concentration. To be able to focus in the Force quickly and deeply. Practice will make it easier. One day it will be effortless." She nods. "When I return, if you have progressed enough, we will work on mind reading." "You can do that?" Rey looks impressed and intrigued. He likes her enthusiasm. “Yes. All things are possible in the Force." At least, they are for Darth Plagueis. And maybe someday they will be for Darth Ren too. Just not yet. They are at the shuttle now. "When will you return?" Rey asks and her eyes look hopeful. War is not an easy thing to predict, so he hedges. "It depends. Probably, in a day or two." She looks relieved at this answer, she must have been expecting him to stay away longer. Kylo can count on one hand the number of people who truly like him and look forward to his return. He's a Sith so he doesn't concern himself with being liked. But Rey likes him, he sees. And she is concerned. "Be careful, Ben. I don't want you to get shot like your friend did." Blasters are not much of a threat for Kylo Ren. "I won't get shot,” he assures Rey. “I can freeze blaster bolts with the Force." It's his signature move, actually. "You can do that?" Again, Rey looks impressed. "Yes, one day I will teach you that too, Rey." He looks down at her and smiles. "Practice, Padawan, and when you're ready I will teach you everything I know." She grins. "I'd like that." He will too, Kylo realizes. And then on impulse, he leans in to kiss her chastely on the lips like he did in the shuttle. It makes her smile. "Take care, Master," she whispers. And then he boards his ship, dons his surcoat, mask and sword and heads off to war. Watching as Rey's figure becomes smaller and smaller as the shuttle pulls away.