Same Sea "War is an obligation to take in the name of freedom." Poe Dameron looked down at his shoes. He knew the sacrifices of war, but he didn't understand why he had to be the one to deal with loss. General Leia Organa had finished speaking with him. They were standing quietly at the MedBay, watching Finn's unconscious body float inside of a bacta tank. He looked so peaceful. Poe wondered if Finn was internally screaming. Probably. "Is everything alright, Commander?," Leia asked him. Poe looked up to face her. He gave her a fake smile. "I'm fine! I'm just thinking. You know, Finn has alot of potential. He-" "Commander. Don't change the subject. I know you're nervous but don't act as if I'm stupid enough to not see your facade. You're clearly worried about something. What is it? You can tell me," Leia said. Poe was slightly surprised. He hadn't expected that type of response, especially from such a kind woman like Leia Organa. "I...I don't know if I can live through this war, much less be able to find Kylo Ren's secret location," he said. Leia nodded. "I understand. That's why I'm assigning Finn to come with you," she said. "Wait what?! Pardon me if I sound rude but-" "But no excuses, Commander. Like you stated, Finn has potential. Besides, wouldn't you enjoy spending time with him?," Leia said. Poe stood stiff. He wanted to be happy but deep down he was paranoid. Kylo Ren was a monster. He had left Finn in a coma. Poe didn't want him to be in danger because of that evil man. "Please, General. Rethink this. I can't have Finn die at the hands of that...that man," he said. Leia gave him a sad smile. "I'm sorry, Commander. My decision has already been made and you're not going to change my mind. I feel something in Finn," she said. Poe stared hard at Finn's comatose body. He had to protect him at all costs, even if it meant possibly dying. Leia was starting to speak again. "I will be at the-" She was interrupted by the sound of an explosion close by the MedBay. "What's happening?," Poe asked. He pulled out his blaster and turned around. Leia peered outside. The ground was shaking due to the explosion. They heard heavy footsteps from stormtroopers. "It's an attack from the First Order. I should have known this was going to happen. Poe, get Finn out of the tank. I'll evacuate my base. In case any troopers shoot at you, keep running. Stormtroopers always miss their targets," she said. She pulled out her blaster and ran towards the base, shooting at troopers who were running towards her. Poe glanced at Finn. "Alright buddy. Let's get you outta here!" He aimed his blaster at the glass. The ground was still shaking. He shot at the tank and noticed a hole with water leaking out. Alright then! Time to get a bigger blaster. He frantically searched for one and found a Renegade pistol. Without thinking, he lunged the heavy weapon towards the glass and heard it crack. He continued to hit the glass until the cracks became wider and wider. The glass shattered and Poe quickly jumped back to avoid getting cuts. Water came pouring out of the tank and as soon as Finn fell into the floor, Poe ran to pick him up. He lifted him up and carried him by the shoulder. "Kriff! You're heavy, buddy." Poe was heaving. He jogged out of the MedBay with the Renegade pistol in his left hand and started shooting at troopers running blindly towards him. Rey's POV Rey was dreaming again. She saw herself standing at a beach, staring at the water. "Rey." She turned around and saw him. The boy who she already adored. "Finn? You're here! And you're awake!," she said excitedly. She ran to hug him. Just like she did in the previous dream. It was the same. Rey was dissapointed every time she woke up, because she had to register the fact that Finn wasn't there with her. They held on to eachother for what felt like hours. She didn't want to let him go. Ever. "Finn. Where are you right now?," she asked him. They finally separated. "Rey. You know I can't answer that. You have to figure it out by yourself. I want to tell you. I really do, but I can't give you an answer to something I don't know," Finn said. Rey always asked him that question and she got the same response over and over again. She couldn't take it anymore. "You're lying to me. I want to find you. If you don't tell me, I'll search for you myself and I'll take Master Luke with me," she said. Finn widened his eyes. She was controlling her own dreams. "I can't tell you. Please, Rey. Don't look for me. There's a war going on and I can't let you-" "Endanger myself? Finn. I'm doing this for you. I can't let you slip away from me again. I need you," she responded. Finn gave her a longing stare. "If you try looking for me, you won't find anything," he said. "That's what you think. I'm willing to surprise you," Rey replied. Finn frowned. Rey felt like she was lying to him. As if she was just giving him false promises. "I trust you enough to not seek me out. Please don't. I promise you I will find my way to you instead. Please," Finn said. Rey didn't listen to him. "Stop it. Stop lying to me. You know where you are. Tell. Me." Finn turned to face the ocean. "No. I want you to surprise me instead," he said. Rey did just that. She tilted his face towards her and kissed him softly on the lips. She didn't know how much time had passed. It was probably insignificant, considering she was dreaming. "Rey! REY!" She woke up kissing the air. Master Luke was sitting on the floor, staring at her with disgust. He must have finished his meditation. "If you're going to have wet dreams, go sleep somewhere else. That's my kriffing bed," he said. Notes: This is my first fic ever. I'm kinda nervous. This is the first part of a 2 part series I call Under the Skin. I will warn y'all, the chapters will slowly become darker and darker. Also the beach rey dreams of is the same one you see in Rogue One. Series this work belongs to: Part 1 of the Into The Skin series