The twins stand in front of a funeral pyre, side by side, just as they’d done so many years ago. Leia’s grief isn’t fire; it’s a flood. The Force rushes around her in grief stricken waves, and she’s certain she would drown if not for Luke’s hand in hers. They’d already held a grand memorial for Han the war hero, Han the smuggler, Han the champion racing coach. People came from every corner of the galaxy, and they all told stories of his glory days late into the night. Leia had kept a calm facade then; she’d dutifully played the widow who was an acceptable amount of sad; she’d played the role of general, reminding others that hope is essential, even in the face of this terrible loss. Now, though. Now she stands next to Luke and she is only a sister, only a mourner. Not a general, not a politician, not the appropriate widow, grieving in just the right way for the world to see. This pyre is symbolic - Han’s body was lost in the Starkiller explosion - but sometimes symbols are all you have. Sobs wrack Leia’s small body, and waves of sorrow swirl around her, and Luke pulls her close, lets her bury her face in his warm, solid chest. “I’m here, Leia,” he says. I should have been here sooner hangs between them, unspoken. Leia shakes and sobs and eventually stills, finding a moment of peace in the storm. Luke leads her to sit down, and she does, watching as the flames as they burn low. “Does it ever get easier?” Leia asks. Luke looks at her sideways, surprised. “Grief?” “No. Life.” Luke’s mind offers unhelpful images of people he’s lost, trials he’s failed, and burdens he’s born for too many years. From the look on Leia’s face, she’s seeing the same. Luke lets out a shaky sigh. “What do you want me to say? You know the answer as well as I do.” And she does. She watched the Empire fall, only to see it rise again as the First Order. She spent her whole life in politics, doing her duty, only to be cast out in an instant. She lost her only son. The truth is suffocating, so she lays her head on his shoulder and says, “lie to me.” Luke chuckles darkly and plays along. “Of course life is easy,” he says, just a little too lightly. “The light side is always stalwart and true, and we always win the day. “Everyone gets to be with the ones they love. No one ever dies, and everyone lives happily ever after.” Leia snorts a little, pulls back from his shoulder and gives him a teasing shove. “Liar.” Notes: The idea (and many of the words) here are taken directly from S2 Ep5 of BTVS ("Lie to Me"). It's a great episode, and it's been on my mind a lot lately. Worth a watch. I'm sorry this is so sad. I'll return to my regularly scheduled Finnrey Fluff soon! PS I'm on tumblr come say hi!