Warfare Following the destruction of the Starkiller Base, General Hux had been busy aboard the Finalizer. To make up for his mistake, for his failures, he had to increase his workload ten-fold to please the Supreme Leader, as well as diminish that nagging guilt of his own pooling in the pit of his stomach. Researchers were working their hardest under his command, giving him new blueprints every other Primeday, but it was not soon enough. Engineers were becoming frazzled under the cold general’s insistence, so any new ideas coming in were hardly up to his standards. Hux needed another weapon, something that would be up to par with the Death Star and carry the destructive capability as the former Starkiller. He needed this level of success. Hux needed his name to go down in history to prove himself to him. He was not as weak-willed as that man thought, and he was going to prove it. Kylo Ren had been tended to carefully and Hux gave weekly visits to ensure that the med droids were fixing him up to Snoke’s standards. He was improving, if his constant pouting and insufferable nagging meant anything. The general was almost relieved that Kylo Ren was back to his usual self after sustaining such grisly wounds, not that he doubted him and his power in the least. Months after his recovery, and many trysts along the way that stalled it, Kylo Ren was ready to return to his maser and complete his training, which didn’t go without any hesitation on his part. Evidently, he had no choice but to go and he pried at Hux to keep in touch with him over the holocron as often as he possibly could. For the most part, Hux made good on his promise. Whenever the two of them found time, they spoke to one another—or rather sent each other explicit videos and messages in order to tease the other until Kylo Ren and General Hux were getting themselves off while watching one another attempt to do the same. It was a good cycle they had going until Hux started losing the time and motivation to continue doing so. A new weapon was in the process of being built, this time on a moon to create a series of lasers meant to entrap inhabitants of the planet it orbits as well as destroy anyone who try to leave. The moon chosen was orbiting a system currently causing problems for the first order since they were fairly new to the resistance. Snoke gave his permission. Hux intended to utilize this issue to spread a message, to cease and desist rebellion. Resistance was futile. A scouting legion was sent out to be undercover, however, General Hux was unaware that the Stormtroopers had been compromised before their return to the Finalizer. The troopers had made their way to the deck in order to meet with Captain Phasma and General Hux to turn in their reports, when two of them produced bombs that released a thick cloud of smoke. Hux’s hand flew to his blaster, as well as Phasma, and the rogue troopers were dealt with. Alarms and panic ensued in their location. Luckily, the ship was designed to deal with such a siege and the vents made do with dispelling the toxic gas. Anyone in the room wearing their helmets, were deemed perfectly safe, as their equipment was made to filter such things out. However, Hux’s body was compromised. It was insisted upon that he get to the med bay to be checked out, only for the droids to not detect a single anomaly. He was free to go and his report merely described the event as a means of distraction and assassination. Days had gone by since the attack, but Hux was slowly deteriorating. He blamed his inability to sleep, how the kriff one could manage to sleep with so much work to do, Hux was unsure. Ren was right, he was indeed a workaholic. If only he knew why this was so important to him. He would not understand in the slightest, he believed. Their relationship was complicated. There were no feelings. Feelings only compromised their working relationship and created conflicts of interest. To Hux, their meetings, their intimate moments, were just a means to resolve tension and relieve pent up anger and frustration. That was all it was. The red-head was contemplating contacting Ren that night while he made his daily rounds on the observation deck. Three Centaxdays ago was the last time he was in contact with him, and that was to tell him about work progressing on his new weapon, before their habits ensued. His thoughts lingered on that, looking forward to a dirty thing or two that night when he felt almost…weightless, dizzy even. His vision grew fuzzy, so he attempted to blink it out, only to collide to the floor with his body failing to respond to anything he was trying to tell it to do. “General!” Was one of the only things he heard before his consciousness ceased. ~ ~ ~ Kylo Ren was growing anxious, almost impatient, with Hux. The karking nerfherder should have responded to his calls by now. It had been three weeks straight and he heard nothing from him. Was the general avoiding him? Ren hardly recalled doing anything out of the ordinary to deserve such neglect. Maybe if he sent him some lewd holos, that would teach him a lesson. Five nude holos later, and nothing. Not even a disgusted response. Now Ren was furious. In fact, the moment he received word to go back to the Finalizer and oversee the progress on the weapon, he was on that ship within minutes. Kylo Ren will teach the stubborn general a thing or two about ignoring him for sith’s sake. What the dark jedi did not expect, however, was heartache. He demanded to speak to General Hux, only to be met with hesitation. For an empath like him, it was almost too much for him. Some responses disgusted him, others tugged on his heartstrings. It was best that he go straight to the medics and ask the droids himself. Ren felt as though he were in a dream as he made that trek down the hallway with his helmet on in order to hide the flurry of emotions pooling in his chest, burning all the way to his fingertips. Once he reached the med bay, he walked straight to the bacta tank Hux was sealed inside, unconscious and unmoving. The report from the droids came out to him in a humming sound as he focused on the sickly general. His skin was deathly pale, black patches had formed on various places of his body, tubes hung around him and stuck to him everywhere. All he heard was something about a re-synthesized version of Aorth-6, a gas intended to kill. It went undetected and the general’s lack of sleep and stress seemed to have worsened his condition. The general was dying and the droids could not seem to find a way to stop it. His organs were going to liquefy and cause him to melt from the inside out, killing him slowly and painfully. Sealing him in a bacta tank was the best way to ensure the process was painless. “Out.” Ren muttered to the droids, who looked at him with perplexed lenses before the room started to rumble. “I said out!” he demanded, causing them to scurry out of the room without him having to ask a third time. He stared at Hux’s body through his helmet for a long time before he removed it. The face plate made a hiss as it clicked upwards and thick, dark curls fell out of the helm, hanging around his face, now forever marked with a ghastly scar. The helmet was set on top of a nearby counter and his eyes went back to Hux. “Armitage.” He whispered, his gloved hands reaching out as red energy emanated from him. “I will fix this.” Chapter 2 : Devastator Summary: The motivation and history behind why these rebels had targeted General is revealed. A mysterious figure had begun the idea of a rebellion and the natives jumped at the opportunity when it was discovered that their rights were to be ripped away from them as the First Order looms in their orbit. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The Altiri/Annaris system extended into one of the more unknown reaches of the galaxy. The planet was often at war with one another, always in constant fighting over complete control over the system. When the Galactic Civil War crippled their planet, causing their desperate fighting for resources, eventually the Altiri and Annarian natives created a truce. Each native had their own aspect to their culture that made them thrive. The Altiri had their knowledge and creativity. Annarians had their military prowess. Together, the two societies worked to restore their planet and grow to side with the Resistance once word of the First Order reached them. The Starkiller Base had wiped out the Republic, the most prominent ally of the Resistance, and that was something that caused most rebels to withdraw and conform to the First Order. Luckily for the Altiri and the Annarians, they had inside help. A new leader, a wise and powerful woman named Lady Draylin, had resided among the natives for years. She slowly had begun gathering a group, sending signals out to Ileenium system to inform the general and her troops that they had allies expanding out into a hardly explored region of the galaxy. With people flocking to the Altiri and Annarians to immerse themselves in their culture, it was easy for word of the resistance to spread—extending the idea of rebellion out into a corner of the galaxy the First Order had not been able to touch. That is, not until recently. An imperial soldier had made a remark about a visitation to said system, noting the propaganda and messages spreading to encourage nearby systems and tourists to rebel against the First Order and all it stands for. This was not something Supreme Leader Snoke would tolerate, and the discovery was quickly given to General Hux. Upon learning of this system coming out to join against him, he ruthlessly had engineers and scientists develop a weapon designed to entrap them. Thus, the Devastator was created. This new weapon was intended to be planted on the moons surrounding Altiria/Annaris, Priva and Secava. With these moons in constant orbit, it acted as a sort of barrier once the trigger was activated. If a ship had triggered the sensors, powerful lasers would be deployed and the target would be destroyed, unable to escape the web of lasers. This idea was based off of a Separatist design from the days of the Clone Wars, and it was more than effective then as it will be today. Snoke green-lighted the idea, intrigued by the idea on entrapping the natives and those intending to flock there. Hopefully, that would also keep any potential rebels from ever leaving. With the weapon in progress of being built, scout troopers were sent to the nearby planet to scout the area in question, search for any persons of interest, or anything that would pose a threat to the First Order looming over the planet. A base had been secretly established, but it wasn’t long before Lady Draylin had started to poke around and discover what was really going on. Timing was now of the essence, these people absolutely refused to be entrapped by the First Order to give a message to any other potential rebellions. For that, they converged and decided to capture the Stormtroopers, reporting back to the Finalizer disguised as them, and make an attempt on the General overseeing this potential destruction. This plan took a while to orchestrate, and a lot of effort to come up with the best way to quickly and effectively assassinate as much of the First Order troops as possible. One Altiri scientist had picked up an old virus that had once been used to murder the Emperor before the Battle of Yavin. Aorth-6 was something meant to disintegrate the victim’s organs once inhaled, melting them from the inside. However, the virus was hardly active anymore, so the scientists had to work with the minute amount of remnants from this biological weapon in order to recreate it. With hardly any ability to test it out, they synthesized three gaseous bombs and the plan to invade the Finalizer was now put together. Lady Draylin’s blessing was given and the soldiers struck, taking out the small legion of Stormtroopers who were on patrol among the city. The armor was donned and they were able to slip in, undetected, on board the transport ship back to the Finalizer. These people knew they were not going to get out alive, but, to save their planet, it was a sacrifice they were all willing to make. Once the soldiers docked, they were given directions to head towards the mission debriefing room and give a full report to both Captain Phasma and General Hux about their current findings for that month spent on the system. This was their only chance. As soon as the doors were sealed, the bombs were released and the room was instantaneously filled with a thick, black smoke. Blaster fire echoed throughout the room as Phasma reached for her blaster to take out the assassins, leaving exposed people like General Hux and other nearby Imperial officers to attempt to cover their faces and try their hardest to not breathe it in. Of course, with panic settling in, it was difficult for Hux to do so and wound up coughing violently until the fumes had been vented from the room. “General.” Phasma immediately turned to him. “I suggest you seek medical attention immediately.” “I’m fine, Captain.” He sputtered and used the back of his hand to wipe the corners of his eyes where wetness had gathered from his coughing. His response was met with silence and her posture made Hux know for a fact that she was glaring at him from under her helmet. How she managed to convey that look, he never got to understand. “Alright, alright. If it makes you feel better.” “I will investigate further into this situation. I will forward you my findings as soon as possible.” She spoke immediately after, pleased that he relented. “Noted. Refrain from relaying this to the Supreme Leader or Kylo Ren. I will deal with either of them personally.” He ordered and turned to head towards the med bay. It felt like hours as the droids did routine checks on him. Needles were poked into him, drawing blood and other tissue samples that they could in order to be as thorough as they possibly could. That was the best part about having droids as doctors these days. After grueling minutes of invasive check ups, Hux was finally given the clear that nothing was wrong with him—other than the fact that he needed more sleep and to cut back on alcohol. General Hux wanted nothing more than to personally vent those droids after wasting his time, but he abruptly left to return to his duties, and stubbornly break into his whiskey stash as a means to spite those infernal droids. What did they know about taking care of themselves and stress relief anyway? The ruthless general headed straight to his quarters following the whole charade. What he was definitely not looking forward to was the mountain of reports he was going to have to sift through for the next 24 hours before compiling his own. It wasn’t like he needed to sleep that night anyway. Notes: This chapter acted more as something that builds up more to why General Hux had the attempt on his life in the first place. I was inspired by an episode of Clone Wars and added that into here for Hux's weapon in the making. I also looked into planets that were not very well known or noted much in the movies, or canon novels, and adapted them to fit post-TFA as nothing really was mentioned beyond the original trilogy. Luckily TFA provides with enough room to create my own background for planets not necessarily mentioned. "Lady Draylin" is also an OC of mine, but she will not disrupt the Kylux relationship in anyway. She's merely a political figure, if anything. Hope you enjoyed, next chapter should be coming soon.