Establishment Forsaking extraordinarily vivid yet immensely perplexing sights in favor of returning to a bittersweet reality has always been something of a relieving experience since she would customarily enter a persistent state of restiveness come nightfall during her numerable days on the austere planet on which so much changed without warning. The informative process is one that remains second nature to her despite the glaring fact that a hazy island no longer haunts her slumber. It begins with subtle movements. Nimble appendages tentatively navigate silken tides, and that sumptuous fabric is what calls a significant truth to the attention of a now alarmed adolescent. Sable bristles and fleshy lids hastily lift to reveal scintillating pools that ravenously consume all that they encounter. Strangely, an ash colored expanse with ornate engravings haphazardly scattered about it noiselessly greets her vision. A stark contrast to her living conditions on Ahch-to. Inexplicably abducted from a misty island that she thought to be untouchable due to the calming presence of a revered legend, she’s engulfed in complete unfamiliarity and it effortlessly unsettles her. With a sense of urgency, she repositions herself only to come across the identity of her brazen kidnaper. Similar to the sable sea ‘neath her sinewy form, the solitary figure is swathed in heavy garments that are evocative of impenetrable darkness. This time, the grim mask that once aroused palpable trepidation within her is nowhere to be found. A conspicuous blemish - a symbolic scar - stretches across a familiar countenance. Like before, he’s comfortably seated and it’s quite apparent that the homicidal knight has been waiting for her inevitable return to consciousness. Fervent interest is housed in fathomless optics, but his lips form an indecipherable line. It’s almost as if he’s trying to figure out who should speak first, but the consequential decision is not his to make anymore. “Where am I?” Those unpredictable lips subtly twitch with mild amusement. He’s undoubtedly discovered the irony that she herself has already become aware of. “The location is of no consequence to you. You’ll be here for quite some time.” Raw indignation swells within her, but an audacious smirk merely appears on his marred visage. Her unarticulated sentiments - these unconveyed emotions - cannot escape his notice as the two of them are irrevocably connected. A loathsome fact that she came to comprehend because of her sagacious teacher and the despicable man who is currently in her presence. 'Speaking of him …. ' “You’re wondering how I found you. You’re wondering what happened to Luke Skywalker.” 'How coldly he speaks of his own uncle. Then again, should I really be surprised? This is the same monster who ran his father through.' A pompous smirk quickly becomes a feral sneer. Unsurprisingly, he’s detected her merciless thoughts. “I should have killed him. Left him for dead. You’ll be pleased to know I didn’t. Not then .” The ominous implication doesn’t escape her, but he speaks before she can tersely address it. “I went there with a specific mission in mind. Naturally, I completed it.“ A discernible frown slowly forms on camellia lips. "You took me . Why? Because I need a teacher? I already have one.” Equipped with a forthright rebuttal, he acknowledges her words with unwavering conviction. “Not the one that you deserve . You’re strong. You’ll only squander your time and power if you remain there. I’m prepared to offer you more.” Feminine features embrace unbridled hostility as dismissive words are angrily spat at her ambitious enemy. “I want nothing to do with the dark side or you .” Her unblushing acrimony is automatically met with a presumptuous smirk. “I know you feel it.” At that, vigilant optics begin to assess a seemingly aseptic environment. Free of heated sand; free of irremovable stains. This is the spitting image of cleanliness. A total of two cream doors, a set of windowed double doors leading out to what appears to be a balcony, an onyx wardrobe, a spacious desk, and the lavish bed on which she is presently seated occupy the palatial room. Though she rises to begin inspecting them, the engenderment of untempered pride within her - a feeling that she cannot honestly claim as her own - reminds her that she has yet to rebuff his somewhat ambiguous assertion. “I don’t know what you’re getting at.” Brusquely gripping a gold knob, she opens the door to her right only to find a picturesque room designed for bathing. Among other things, an actual bathtub - not a ‘fresher - welcomes her. “You do , but you don’t want to admit it.” Whilst en route to the other door - the one that is inconveniently located beside him, a sizable extremity resolutely captures one of her smaller ones. The unbidden moment of physical contact causes her expressive eyes to instantly widen as electricity runs up her spine. While he purposefully positions himself in between her and the mysterious door - doubtlessly an exit, she is forced to meet his incisive gaze once more. "Let go of my hand ." Her crisp command is blatantly disregarded. “We’re connected. A Force bond. Usually formed between Jedi masters and their padawans, but exceptions can arise. If anything, it proves that I’m meant to teach you.” Unwilling to think of that pestilential inconvenience as anything more than an odious anathema - a bothersome hindrance to be despised and neglected, she vehemently shakes her head from side to side. He’s deliberately reached out to her before - mentally planted tempting whispers in her imperfect mind and allowed his invidious presence there to disrupt training sessions, but never before have they conversed about their inseverable link. Not until now, and she’s not exactly pleased with the unforeseen change. “I didn’t ask for it. I don’t want it.” His other hand - encased in coarse leather just as its counterpart is - triumphantly overcomes the sheer defiance that her other extremity demonstrates and firmly grasps it. “The will of the Force isn’t for you to decide, and it doesn’t make mistakes . You also feel the darkness. Though you cling to the light, it’s futile when the dark side calls to you - when your anger runs so deep .” While she desperately tries to liberate herself from his tenacious hold, she inquires about the meaning behind her unanticipated abduction. Maybe - just maybe - if she can gather enough information, she can foil whatever schemes he has concocted. “Why am I here?” An asseveration departs from his lips in a timely manner and it is as clear as cloudless skies that he believes it to be unassailable. “You can’t escape what you can’t destroy . You can run - you’ve been running, but you can’t escape . It’s time for you to face it.” He’s right, she doesn’t want to acknowledge the terrible fact that they are eternally tied to one another. Not with him around or in her mind. She isn’t ready to face him when she still hasn’t figured out what to do about him. Killing him is not the appealing option that it had once been. “For fifteen days, you’ll spend your time doing exactly that by being here with me.” So taken aback by this preposterous idea - an invention of his insanity, she momentarily ceases resisting physically. “Absolutely not.” An audible chuckle is elicited from him, but there’s a minute trace of something rather peculiar in his complicated heart. Pain , perhaps? Impossible . “You assume walking away is an option. You’ll soon come to realize that you’re mistaken.” She has half the mind to kick him in order to free herself, but she knows that she could adventitiously exacerbate this pressing dilemma. Without her hands, her sense of balance is already distorted to a extent. “This is going to be pointless. If you don’t keep me locked in this infernal cage, I’ll keep myself locked in it. Or I’ll look for a way out.” Mirth freely tugs at his mouth. “I can come in whenever I want. If you won’t come out, that is an option. You can try to look for a way out, but you won’t find one.” Though her precarious existence has had no tangible significance until recently, it feels undeniably surreal to be partaking in a negotiation like the one at hand. The impeccable ease with which he attempts to control it - to determine precisely how and where it is that her time will be spent - is absolutely infuriating. Teeth that she has still not become completely accustomed to cleaning properly are forcefully grit behind chapped lips. “ Ten .” It seems generous . Considering she’d much rather leave this instant , but she knows that the pleasant taste of freedom will not return to the tip of her sharp tongue so soon. He only procures that which he craves and he has obviously not grown tired of her. A traitorous part of her that she keeps suppressed wonders if he ever will and genuinely worries about it. Though the intensity of his unswerving gaze remains redoubtable, those fiery pools are narrowed as if to wordlessly convey the dissatisfaction that her unpremeditated act of insubordination has enkindled within him. There’s this uncomfortable pause during which she cannot help but contemplate the existent possibility of a scorching red abruptly illuminating the room. That awful moment of recklessness does not arise, however. Instead, a single word - a number - is grudgingly uttered. “ Twelve .” Umber arches are instinctively elevated in response to his unforeseen magnanimity - if it can truly be called that since he’s still technically acting on selfish desires. It’s still more time than she’d like to spend in his presence. Unfortunately, she knows that she’ll receive no better. A reluctant nod is stolen from her and an audible echo is made to accompany it. “ Twelve .” Masculine features forsake the coarseness that they had adopted so precipitately, and the ghost of a smile - one bespeaking smug satisfaction - finds itself a temporary home upon his lips. “We have a deal . You’ll stay for twelve days. At the end, if no part of you wishes to stay, you can leave . I’ll provide you with a ship on which you can return to the thieves, liars, and traitors that you continue to call friends. Or you can foolishly return to the solitude of that desolate island.” Viridescent eyes are indecorously rolled. The likelihood of her wanting to linger is absolutely inconsiderable, but the bait that has been served is unignorable. So, a single query is posed. “If a part of me does ?” That confounded smile of his shamelessly widens. Clearly, the abhorrent notion enraptures him. So much so that she can practically taste his immeasurable satisfaction in the air. So much so that she can feel it through the accursed link that perpetually binds them. “If one part of you - however small it may be - wants to stay, you’ll stay with me indefinitely . All that you see before you and more will be yours just as much as it is mine. I’ll be your second and final Master.” Though she’s quite sure that he will not succeed, knowing how much she would sacrifice were she to somehow be unsuccessful unnerves her. The knowledge itself is profoundly disconcerting. "I’ll be your prisoner forever .” Without hesitation, he ‘corrects’ her. “You’ll be my willing apprentice and eventually more . You can’t call yourself a prisoner if you want to be by my side. For now, although I do intend to teach you while you’re here, you’re my guest . Your fate will ultimately be up to you , but I’m confident that I’ll get what I want.” With that, charcoal gloves release her dexterous extremities. With an obdurate glare, she repudiates his bold prediction. “You won’t .” All that greets her is an arrogant smirk. “We’ll see. I’ll leave you to freshen up and familiarize yourself with your home . I’ll return for dinner .” There’s so much - too much - that she wants to yell at his retreating form as he quickly takes his leave, but none of it comes out. She’s left to her own devices. Enlightened yet concerned about the future, which is ridiculous since she should be absolutely sure of herself. If she knows that victory will be out of his reach, why then does a faint trace of uncertainty lurk in her heart? Notes: So it begins! Not only is this my first Reylo fanfiction piece, but it's my first work on AO3 in general. For months, I've been reading Reylo fanfiction on my phone without having an account and I finally decided to join in on the fun after this idea came to me while I was at a local convention. I'm truly fascinated by this character connection. Due to various things, I won't be updating regularly, but I do intend to do my best to not let too much time pass in between chapters. If you've made it to this point, thank you so much for reading! As a disclaimer, I own nothing ( the characters, SW, etc. ) but the fic idea and my writing style.