Wrong. This was wrong. Wrong, wrong, wrong. He tries to fight down the panic. Tries to remember to breathe. To not fly into a complete panic. Oh Force he can’t breathe! Everything is suddenly too loud. Too bright. He has to get away! Get away before he hurts someone. Before he breaks something. Before he’s Ren instead of Ben . He collapses on the floor of his small room, gasping for breath. Gulping the air down like he’s almost drowned. Perhaps he has. Perhaps he’s dead and this is all a dream. No. Even that wouldn’t explain the change. Explain the difference. It’s just so wrong . “Ben? Shit, Ben!” Hands are on him, pulling his own hands off himself. Someone is shaking him now. He blinks and suddenly the world comes back into focus. His name is Ben. He’s lying on the floor of his room, in the Resistance base on D’Qar. That was right, he’d been helping Poe work on his X-Wing. It was at that strange moment he’d felt the change in himself. It was a subtle shift, but enough of one to inspire introspection. That was when he’d noticed the difference. That was when the panic had consumed him. Fearing the worst, he had run. Had put space between himself and others, not trusting this shift within his own damaged mind. Just because the ankle monitor was off, didn’t mean that there wasn’t danger in being around the man who had once been called Kylo Ren. Even though he could feel himself having more good days than bad ones. Even though Poe and Finn told him he was doing better. It didn’t mean that things couldn’t go wrong. Even on good days the fear was always there. Lingering in the back of his mind. Even though it had been six months now. It was always too good. He kept waiting for the inevitable terrible things to happen. Had they finally started? He looks at the man crouching over him. Finn. It was Finn who had come to check on him. Oh Force, did that mean that in his panic he had- “Calm down Ben,” Finn’s voice is firm. “You’re fine. No one is hurt.” “But-” “All you did was Force-push ‘3PO into a wall,” Finn offers him an amused grin. Ben feels a bit of his panic subside. Finn hasn’t let go of his hands and Ben can see why now. He’s pushed up the long sleeves he normally wears and now his arms are covered in red welts. He’d been clawing at himself, some of the marks are purpling and bruising, a few have tiny droplets of blood welling up against his skin. His nails too blunt to dig in and draw blood properly. When he panics, when he disassociates as Leia has called it in the past, Ben has a tendency to harm himself in a misguided effort to redirect his energies. If it is some sort of self conscious punishment or a poorly developed coping mechanism or both, no one is really sure. Slowly Finn releases his hands and Ben pushes himself up, drawing his knees to his chest and resting his head against them. “Want to tell me what happened?” Finn asked. “I… I don’t even know myself,” Ben whispers. He’s afraid to glance back inside himself, but he knows it is still there. That change. “Can you show me?” Finn presses. When Ben can’t talk he can usually show. Something Poe sometimes quietly laments. The pilot, as warm as his heart is, feels frustrated that he can’t help the man he has loved since boyhood. He doesn’t have that Force Bond that Finn has developed with the other man, and it has put him at an agonizing disadvantage when it comes to their relationship. When it comes to helping Ben recover from the darkness that threatens to consume him. Ben looks up at him, bites his lip and then, after a moment of consideration, nods. “Okay then.” Ben stands, taking Finn’s hand and leading him to the bed. They sit, cross-legged and facing each other. Ben rests his hands, palm up, on top of his knees. Slowly, Finn rests his palms over Ben’s and their foreheads press together. It’s a strange ritual, but one that Finn doesn’t mind. The physical contact helps their connection. It stabilizes what should in all honestly be quite a volatile experience. Ben hesitates. “I’m afraid,” he admits softly. Afraid of a million different things. A thousand terrible possibilities. Each one more horrifying than the last. The admission is one he makes quite often. It is a way of asking for help, fear doesn’t even have to be a factor in it. Sometimes it is, like in this moment. Sometimes it isn’t. “I’m afraid.” I need comfort. “I’m afraid.” I’m panicking and can’t come down. “I’m afraid.” I can’t tell what is real. “I’m afraid.” Please don’t discard me. “Don’t be afraid,” Finn murmurs. He’s seen Poe do this. Poe who is Force-blind, yet at times knows exactly what to say. This serves as acknowledgement. “I’m right here.” This serves as reassurance. Then the world flips and Finn steps into Ben’s mind. --- Much to his surprise, Ben greets him in human form, not as the black vornskr beast. Typically within his own mind, Ben sees himself as more beast than human. As something feared and cast out. Usually Finn has to work to comfort the distressed creature, to humanize him again. To see Ben as himself right now is good. It is promising and makes the Finn feel a small swell of pride and happiness for Ben. He’d feel better about it all if Ben didn’t look so haunted however. What is it? Show me, he offers his hand to Ben. The fallen knight takes it without a word and leads him through the tattered halls of his mind. Finn is familiar with this place. He’s been here many times in the last six months. It makes him think of a fallen Imperial Cruiser. Full of rust and metal, in disrepair and unlikely ever to rise up into the sky again. There are hiding places in these broken halls. He knows many of them, has hidden alongside Ben from the monsters that lurk within the other man’s mind. Although lately there haven’t been many monsters. Ben comes to a stop and Finn isn’t sure why. Then he sees it. One of the walls, once so damaged and in disrepair, barely able to hold its own weight, was covered in a plaster. As if someone had come along with sheetrock and duracrete and repaired the hole that had gapped like an open wound. Now it was a smooth, grey surface. Ben looks absolutely terrified of it. Slowly Finn takes a step forward and brushes his fingertips against the wall. A tremor runs through the pale man next to him. Ben… he looks back at him. I… I don’t know why. How. I don’t understand! Ben’s words a tinged with barely contained panic. It was never like this! Not that I can ever remember! It’s changed Finn! And I-I- Ben, Finn takes the other man’s hand and brings it forward. Ben fights him, just a little, making quiet, distressed noises. Finn presses both their hands against the wall and the once-knight goes still, his eyes wide with astonishment. Can you really not remember a time before your mind was in ruins? Finn asks. Ben shakes his head, his lips trembling as he realizes just what this is. Ben, you’re healing ! --- There is quiet knock on the door. Ben waves his hand, unlocking it and opening it. He doesn’t have the will to move off his bed. He’s still turning things over in his mind. Still trying to understand what it means. He had sensed Finn’s excitement, his hope and joy, how it was all directed at him. Ben wished he felt as enthusiastic. The concept of healing though, it was frightening. Intimidating. He was repairing himself apparently. Like a droid’s subroutines can eventually fix deep seated damage, it takes a long time and happens subtly. But Finn’s words had bothered him. Made him really wonder, had his mind ever been whole? Been really his to begin with? Had been Kylo Ren before he even knew it. The bed sank slightly and a hand rests on his back. He can feel her. Feel the faint Light that she pushes to the side every time they interact. He feels her concern and her love. It gives him the strength to roll over and face her. Leia Organa smiles at him in the dim light of his room. “I’m here, Ben.” Those simple words mean so much. He huddles against her, his head going to her lap and his face pressed against her stomach. She’s warm. She smells the same as she always has. He’s struck in that moment by how much he’s missed her over the years as her arms go around him. His guard falls. It does a little each time he’s with her. Secrets spill out bit by bit. Sometimes more readily if she asks the right questions. But now she isn’t sure what to say, to ask. “Mom,” Ben whispered as she stroked his hair. It wasn’t a question, not really a statement either. It was more like he was speaking to himself. Reassuring himself that she was really here. Leia bent down and placed a kiss on his temple. “I’m here Ben,” she promised. He was still for a moment and then shifted slightly. She could feel him teetering on the edge of something. There was anxiety building up in him. He took a deep breath, closing his eyes as he let it out. “I heard the voices in my head before I could talk,” he whispered. “I could feel the coldness, the abyss pulling me towards it.” He bit his lip and glanced up at her. He was waiting for rejection, for her to push him away. He always waited for that moment when they spoke. And each time, it never came. If anything Leia held him tighter. Ben felt his heart jump. Felt a bit of relief fill him. “I wanted for so long to be normal. But… but I don’t think I ever was. The voices, the doubt, they were always there. Always whispering. The nightmares, the terrors-” he didn’t dare think he was free from them, but that smooth new wall in his mind. The repairs that were happening that he didn’t even realize where there. He wanted to show her, to show her like he had Finn, to make her understand what he had been and what he was becoming. One of his large hands gripped hers. “I know you and dad tried. I realize that now. I … I want you to know…” the words get stuck in his throat again. They seem to die as he tries to speak them. He swallows. “I want you to know that-that there were moments . Tiny spaces in time, when I didn’t hear the voices. When you and dad were close by, when we were happy ,” he’s choking on the words. On the bittersweet memories of the three of them together. Those are his most precious memories. The ones he guards with all his might. When for a few seconds he had felt like everything would be all right. Like they would all be okay. When he had been warm and safe. Untouchable by the monsters of the abyss. Leia doesn’t interrupt him, even though his words both break and heal her heart. She grips his hand tightly, letting him speak, in his own time and his own way. “I… I’ve made a mess of everything. But even so… I-I want to try to have moments like that again. I want to get better… Will you help me?” He raises his eyes to her, expression full of trepidation. “Yes,” she whispers, brushing at her own tears with her free hand. “Of course Ben. Anything.” Her words are oddly like his father’s from that fateful day on Starkiller. This time however, there is no voice, no dark urging. There is no danger. Only hope. Ben sits up and hugs his mother tightly. And within himself another part of the darkness lightens. It becomes a little more grey as hope fills him. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the To Gentle A Monster series Next Work →