Climb on board We'll go slow and high tempo Light and dark Hold me hard and mellow General Hux and Skylar were laying in bed, kissing and holding each other close. Their clothes were all on the floor, the blankets covering their naked bodies. I'm seeing the pain, seeing the pleasure Nobody but you, 'body but me, 'body but us Bodies together I'd love to hold you close, tonight and always I'd love to wake up next to you I'd love to hold you close, tonight and always I'd love to wake up next to you They kept kissing as if their lives depended on it, and before they knew it, he was inside of her. Skylar moaned at the feeling of Hux stretching her out. "That's it baby. Let the whole ship know who you belong to," Hux moaned as he slowly slid in and out of Skylar, making her moan a bit louder. So we'll piss off the neighbors In the place that feels the tears The place to lose your fears Yeah, reckless behavior A place that is so pure, so dirty and raw Be in the bed all day, bed all day, bed all day Fucking in, fighting on It's our paradise and it's our war zone It's our paradise and it's our war zone "You're so tight," Hux said to Skylar. "You're just so big. So long and thick," Skylar said. Hearing those words turned the redhead on even more, and he thrusts deeper inside of her. "Ah!" Skylar screamed as she gripped Hux's shoulders. "Can you guys keep it down?! I'm trying to sleep!" Kylo Ren screamed from next door, banging on the wall. "Babe I'm gonna fuck you so hard you won't be able to walk the next week," Hux said to Skylar. "Oh yes! Fuck me harder!" Skylar moaned. "Guys! Seriously!" Kylo yelled from next door. Pillow talk My enemy, my ally Prisoners Then we're free, it's a thriller I'm seeing the pain, seeing the pleasure Nobody but you, 'body but me, 'body but us Bodies together I'd love to hold you close, tonight and always I'd love to wake up next to you Hux then pulled out of Skylar and laid down on his back, allowing the blonde to straddle him. Skylar lowered herself onto Hux's dick until he was all the way inside of her. "Fuck babe! You're so fucking tight!" Hux moaned as he grabbed Skylar's hips. "You feel so fucking good inside of me!" Skylar said as she moved up and down on the ginger General's dick. Hux then placed his hands on Skylar's breasts, squeezing them gently. So we'll piss off the neighbors In the place that feels the tears The place to lose your fears Yeah, reckless behavior A place that is so pure, so dirty and raw Be in the bed all day, bed all day, bed all day Fucking in, fighting on It's our paradise and it's our war zone It's our paradise and it's our war zone "Let's switch positions," Hux said as he pulled out of Skylar again and got up. "Get on your hands and knees," he added as he went behind her. "Ok," Skylar said and did what she was told, then Hux penetrated her again. "Oh fuck!" she moaned as she gripped the bed sheets. "This is my favorite position," Hux said as he slapped Skylar's ass. "Oh fuck yeah!" Skylar screamed. "You like that don't you? You like having your sexy ass smacked? You naughty, naughty little vixen," Hux said as he spanked Skylar again. "Oh yes! Do that again! I've been a very bad girl!" Skylar moaned, earning another smack. "Ah!" she screamed. "Can you guys keep it down up there?! I'm trying to sleep!" Thanisson, whose quarters was right below Hux and Skylar's, said as he hit the ceiling with a broom. "I swear we deal with this shit almost every night!" Kylo yelled from next door. "You guys go at it like rabbits! Stop it!" Thanisson yelled from down below, hitting his ceiling with the broom again. Paradise, paradise, paradise, paradise War zone, war zone, war zone, war zone Paradise, paradise, paradise, paradise War zone, war zone, war zone, war zone "You're a naughty girl Skylar. A naughty, naughty girl," Hux said as he tugged Skylar's hair and spanked her again. "Yes General, I'm a bad girl," Skylar said as she felt her hair being pulled and gripped the bed sheets tighter. "I love it when you call me General, especially when we're fucking," Hux moaned as he fucked Skylar harder. "For crying out loud!" Thanisson yelled as he hit the ceiling with the broom. "Everybody calls you General!" Kylo yelled as he banged on the wall. So we'll piss off the neighbors In the place that feels the tears The place to lose your fears Yeah, reckless behavior A place that is so pure, so dirty and raw Be in the bed all day, bed all day, bed all day Fucking in, fighting on It's our paradise and it's our war zone It's our paradise and it's our war zone "I'm so close!" Skylar moaned. "Let it out Vixen!" Hux told her and rubbed her clit. "Oh yes!" Skylar screamed as she had an orgasm. "I'm about to come sweetheart," Hux moaned. "Do it in my mouth," Skylar told him. Hux pulled out and moved closer to Skylar's face and came in her mouth, the blonde swallowing it all up. "That felt good," Hux said as he went under the covers with Skylar. "Yeah, it was amazing," Skylar responded. "Finally!" Kylo and Thanisson yelled. "Good night Ginger," Skylar said to Hux. "Good night Vixen," Hux responded, then they kissed and fell asleep. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 8 of the The First Order's Sweethearts series Next Work →