Rey could not remember how long it had been since the monster that was Kylo Ren had saved her from certain death at the hands of one of the Stormtroopers that had been pillaging Jakku. Kylo had forced choked her would be attempted murderer until he fell limp on the ground at her feet. He had taken her from Jakku that day and made her his slave, keeping her locked away in his quarters on the First Order vessel, allowing no other to be near her unless it was a droid. “You don’t need to scratch lines in the walls anymore. Time does not matter, you will be here with me forever,” he had told her, running his hands through her wet hair as he bathed her. Though Rey never admitted it to him, she did adore the man who had saved her life. He loved her and took care of her in a way that Rey had never experienced. For the first time in her life, she went to sleep each night in a comfortable bed with no pangs of hunger or thirst ripping through her. She was able to take a relaxing bath each day and had clean clothes to wear, revealing as they may be sometimes. She had learned that she herself possessed the Force, Kylo Ren even began teaching her in ways of it. The only things she resented about her Master and her predicament were that he forbade her from leaving his quarters and took proper measures to keep her there when he was gone. “I promise I won’t try to escape,” she pleaded, begging him once again to take her with him on a mission. “I know you won’t, but it is still not safe for you out there. They will try to take you from me and they can’t have you,” he cautioned. “Who are they?” Rey questioned. “It does not matter who they are. They want you and I won’t let them have you. You’re mine,” he declared, leaving Rey with no room to argue. Rey stayed with the monster and the monster called himself her Master. They had established a routine since their time together. She would wake up in his arms and he would take her before the droid came to deliver their first meal of the day. He would insist she sit on his lap as he fed her fruit, licking the sweet juice off her skin as it dripped down her chin. When breakfast was finished he would bathe her, washing every area of her body. On the few days, that he did not have missions he would stay with her and teach her the ways of Force. Most days she would await his return as he led the Knights of Ren on missions throughout the Galaxy. When he returned, Rey was expected to greet him on her knees, head bowed, hands laid palms up on her parted thighs. On the days she was disobedient he would chain her wrists and punish her before taking her. It was Rey’s secret that she was purposely troublesome to instigate him, enjoying the roughness and the dominance it brought out in him. Kylo never said otherwise, but she suspected he knew her secret and enjoyed when she made transgressions as well. When Kylo had returned from his mission that evening, he had been covered in bruises and blood. Rey greeted him per usual and had been on her best behavior that day, knowing the mission he had been given was a difficult one. He came into the room and removed his helmet and gloves before standing in front of her. When Rey was given permission, she stood and faced him. “Undress me,” he ordered and Rey obliged, stripping him of his blood-soaked clothing. His muscular chest was covered in fresh bruises, painted along his skin along with the healed scars of previous battles. While Kylo would bathe her in the morning, she would shower with him in the evening. She would wash the blood and dirt from his skin and cleanse his wounds. Tonight was no exception, Rey started at his feet and made her way to his hair and made sure he was clean from the chaos she had not been witness to. They would share their last meal of the day together and Kylo once again insisted on feeding her. Rey could not understand why he did this, but she suspected it had to do with pleasure he derived from taking care of someone rather than destroying them. Tonight he fed her bread with meat and vegetables, he did not stop her when she held food up to his lips and allowed her to feed him in return. When they were finished eating they went to bed. He tore the sheer fabric of her clothing from her body, ripping the cloth and rendering the garment no longer useful. He pushed her onto the bed and forced her thighs apart. “You’re already wet for me,” he observed with amusement, seemingly pleased at the sight. “Always Master,” she responded and was rewarded with a smirk before he placed his head between her legs. This was one of the things she loved about her Master, he always made sure she was pleasured as well, more often than not making her orgasm multiple times before he took his. She wondered if he derived more pleasure from making her cum than did he having his own release. Rey moaned as she felt his tongue lap at her bundle of nerves, the pleasure causing her hips to buck off the bed. Kylo grabbed her hips and held her in place, his eyes connected with hers as performed on her. This was one of his rules when she greeted him her eyes must be cast to the floor, but when they intimidate her eyes must always be fixed on his. He would never break their gaze unless he was kissing her as he came. A few times, in the beginning, she had accidentally closed her eyes or looked away and he had stopped what he was doing and corrected her. She was much better now at keeping her focus on him even when climaxing. She felt his tongue circle her clit and cried out, lacing her fingers in his hair and tugging on the raven locks. She was close and he knew it, he stroked along her nub and Rey bit her lip, trying to contain herself. “Cum for me,” she heard his voice echo through her mind. She obeyed and climaxed on his command, something he had trained her to do since the first time they had made love. He unlatched himself from her heat and made his way up to her face, he kissed her lips and she could taste herself on his own. When he pulled away she looked up at him and whispered, “Thank you, Master.” He grinned and kissed her head approvingly. She knew what pleased him and what pleased him was her acknowledgment and gratitude when he gave her something. His dark eyes bore into hers as she felt him push his tip into her opening, spreading her for him as he pushed into her. When he completely filled her, he began to thrust rapidly into her. “I fit perfectly into you because we are made for each other,” he told her. “You fill me like no other could, Master,” she moaned, stroking his ego as he continued to pump in and out of her. “You’ll never know differently,” he growled, referring to the fact that he was the only man who had ever taken her. He kissed her and Rey gasped in delight as he increased his speed, savagely taking her. She ran her fingers through his soft hair as he continued to kiss her with as much passion as he could. “Cum with me,” she heard him order in her mind and she followed his command. They came together and he collapsed on top of her, his weight crushing her into the bed. She never complained, though, just held him to her until he was ready to reposition them. When he finally moved from her, he took her in his arms so that she laid on top of him, her head tucked under his chin. “You body is covered in more bruises than before Master,” she commented, tracing her fingers over the new bruises. Rey felt him tense and she silently hoped that she had not crossed a line. “The enemy was more brutal today, but I am more powerful,” he assured. “I could help you. If I was by your side I would obey you on missions as I do in your bed,” she offered, her fingers tracing the scars on his chest. “The answer is no, Rey. I love you too much to let them to you from me,” he snapped. “If I die protecting you then I shall die proud,” she told him confidently. “It is my duty to protect you, not the other way around. There is no guarantee they would kill you. They would take you and try to turn you against me.” “That will not happen, Master. My love and devotion for you are too strong for that to happen,” she promised. She heard him release a frustrated sigh and he replied, “Then we must rest well tonight, my love. We will begin your formal training tomorrow.” He kissed her temple and held her close to him, Rey fell asleep in his arms with a smile on her lips. Now everything was perfect. Chapter 2 They had just returned from a successful mission, resulting in the capture of two prominent Resistance members. It had been quite some time since her Master had agreed to allow her to train under him and accompany him on missions. She had done so well that she had become his second in command of the Knights of Ren, an honor she did not take for granted. “You did well today, my love,” Kylo remarked as she began to strip herself of her clothing, soiled with the blood of their enemies. She turned to him, the corners of her lips turning up into a small grin, “Thank you, Master. It is all because of your guidance that I am able to serve you so well.” He leaned down and kissed her, running his tongue over her bottom lip. When she went to deepen the kiss, he pulled away, his mouth pulled into a playful smirk. “How do you feel?” he asked, seeing the fire inside of her eyes. Rey considered his question and thought of the best way to answer it. She was feeling so many things at the current moment that it was almost impossible for her to describe just what it is. “Powerful,” she responded. It was simple, but it was the best thing she could come up with. “Together, with our power, we shall rule the galaxy,” he vowed. She stared up at him, her eyes staring up at him with childlike wonder and admiration. He had been hesitant to train her, but it has been the best thing he has ever done. As her power and knowledge grew, her loyalty to him did not waiver. She wanted to be powerful with him rather than alone and Kylo would not have it any other way. She was his perfect mate and they will rule together, then one day their children would carry on their legacy. She reached up and pulled his face down to hers then kissed him with everything she had. It was flowing through her, the power and passion that came from immersing one’s self in the dark side. She was lustful and needed to express the feelings that were coursing through her. Kylo understood exactly how she felt, the intensity surging through her entire body. He had returned from missions many times feeling such emotions. Those nights he had taken her continuously until dawn as he enjoyed the high that came from power. Although he was her Master, he decided that he would allow her to take the lead tonight. Rey scraped her teeth across his bottom lip and Kylo groaned in response. Without breaking the kiss, Rey began to lead them backward towards a chair in the corner of the room. She pulled him down on top of her, continuing their kiss. She was restless under him, he felt her rake her nails down his back, marking his skin as he had done to her numerous times. She pushed him off of her, her eyes wild and her breathing ragged. She looked up at him and announced, “I want to be on top.” A low chuckle escaped him, amused by her candidness. Kylo nodded and responded, “Whatever you want tonight, it’s yours.” Kylo allowed Rey to push him into the chair. She straddled his lap, their bare arousals touching. It took everything in him not to take charge of the situation, to let her be the one who was in control. “I’m powerful,” she stated, leaving no room for argument. “You are incredibly powerful. Every day I watch you become stronger and it fills me with pride,” he spoke, watching her eyes light up at his recognition. “That woman,” Rey spat furiously. “She does not feel I am worthy to be your right hand and your mate. She feels she would be better for you than me.” Kylo knew exactly what woman Rey was referring to, the one that filled her with rage, it was one of his Knights. He stroked his fingertips down her cheek and reassured her, “She is no match for you, my love. You are mine and I want for no other. You are perfection and she will never be equal to you.” “Next time she thinks those filthy thoughts about you or questions my place at your side, I shall drive my lightsaber through her chest,” she informed him. Kylo’s lips turn up into a wicked grin. Her jealousy and possessiveness pleased him to no end. Usually, it was him who felt these things, even going as far as murdering six of Hux’s men who had thought about Rey in a sexual manner. Kylo’s only loyalty was to Rey, if anyone thought they could take her from him then they would be destroyed no matter who they were. “If that is what you wish then do it,” he declared. Rey’s eyes lit up, overjoyed that he was giving her permission to take the life of one of his Knights because it would make her happy. Rey reached down and grasped his hard cock in her small hand then rubbed it along her wet slit. She placed the tip at her opening then slid herself down onto his erection. She placed her hands on his shoulders for leverage and began to push herself on and off his cock. Kylo watched as she rode him, enjoying the feeling as she took pleasure from him. Her eyes were fixed on his, something she had become accustomed to when he would take her. Rey moved her head so that her forehead was against his and increased the speed of her movements. With each rock of her hips, her back arched, the motion causing her breasts to move up and down. Kylo’s mouth parted, the stimulation as she repeatedly impaled herself onto his member was almost overwhelming. Her face twisted into one of frustration, he heard a small growl make its way past her lips. It took Kylo a moment to figure out what was vexing her, she could not climax. She was right there, right at the edge, but was unable to push herself over it. Kylo knew why this was, he had trained her to wait until he gave her permission to orgasm. From the movement he took her from Jakku, he had made sure to instill in her to associate all pleasure with him. Apparently, he had trained her a bit too well and it was not enough to tell her she could take what she wanted. “Cum for me, my love,” he ordered, satisfied in knowing that no matter how powerful she became, she would always need him. Her orgasm began to make its way through her, the intensity of it coupled with the raw energy coursing through her following the mission was too much. She leaned down and latched her teeth onto his collarbone. Kylo grunted as her teeth pierced his flesh, her bite caused him to climax, cumming with her with a violent yell. When her body had calmed, she let go of Kylo’s neck and looked at him with a doe-eyed expression, a small amount of his blood smeared across her lips. He cupped her face in his hands and pulled her down to meet him in a gentle kiss. They would do magnificent things together, he was sure of it.