// When Hux screamed and spat his farewells to the New Republic the First Order was watching (on a time-lag). Many raised their fists with those troops actually in assembly. Brendol did not. Brendol brought the glass of contraband moonshine back up to his lips with a trembling hand, had to wipe some off his chin where he spilled it in haste- Gulping isn't socially acceptable but it's just him and the bottle here, in a dark office, somewhere in space. The red beams go flying and his head sinks into his hands. He wont cry- he wont cry for his boy, nor for the countless lives being extinguished in the Hosnian system. So it's no surprise that he isn't crying when tears drip onto the desk and he isn't crying when he closes the holofeed and continues his drink in silence, considering passing out on his back. // Somewhere else, also in space, Kylo can't stop shaking. Two medical officers have him laid out on a bench, trying to patch up the wound in his side before they catch up to the Finalizer- and he's staying as still as he can but the pain, it ought to feed him but he's just combusting uselessly, fuel cells ruptured, quaking like a cowardly animal about to be gutted. Not for long, though, Master Snoke will cure him of it, this he knows. The shudders come in waves, and whines come with them- grating- he doesn't want to watch them fiddling with him, not when the collapse of Starkiller is imminent. Not the base, no- that's long dead, the Starkiller that's been staring at his own hands for the last 15 minutes without a single look of anger or contempt crossing his features. Something of a rarity for Kylo. He's never seen him sleep before- which is how he looks now, vacant- though he wouldn't be especially surprised if the man scowls while unconscious. Heartbroken, over a superweapon. He wonders if Tarkin would have looked the same, had he survived. Not likely, he thinks, gripping hux's weakness and forcing himself to dwell on it, squeezing it through the tight passages of his thoughts over and over until he hates- hates Hux's weakness more than his own failure. Maybe he'll cry. Kylo hopes so, wants to see him break down for how much he's failed them all today. How much he's failed the Supreme Leader. The Supreme Leader will cure him too- but- maybe kill him-- The thought stalls him, sets something other than gloved fingers twisting in his guts-- Dread maybe. Weakness, no-- Attachment. He stews and stews and stares at Hux who stares at his hands, bare but looking like he's switched black gloves for white, hardly blinking, hardly breathing. Attachment is acceptable and a huge 'screw you' to the Jedi ways. He killed his father today so maybe he's earned a treat. Maybe if he grovels Supreme Leader will let him have Hux for his own. Take him on missions and have him greet him into the shuttle. He wonders if Hux can cook anything more complex than a ration- Probably not. Maybe he could teach him. Maybe he could make a wife of him. A dishevelled uniform calls Hux to receive a call at the front, apparently from the Supreme Leader himself. Kylo bristles, Hux doesn't even spare him a glance. It would be rude to eavesdrop but Ren doesn't care much for social niceties, and Hux's sharp "Supreme Leader." as he answers the call draws his force-enhanced hearing in. Snoke purrs out some snide compliments, congratulating Hux on destroying the New Republic, on taking them a step closer to winning the war and gaining peace for the galaxy. Hux doesn't say thank you but "Yes, sir." and it pleases Kylo immensely, making a medic take a step back at the sight of his crooked grin. Then, not what Kylo was expecting, "General-- Hux, you have served the First Order well but your duty is done." Said clearly and without derision. Yes, sir. No begging. He's gobsmacked when Hux rejoins him, sitting back where he sat before. "Hux--" His throat is so kriffing dry it comes out as little more than a croak, but Hux looks at him anyway. They share a long moment in each other's eyes before his brows pinch in confusion- eyelids flutter. It makes Kylo start shaking again. Watching Hux break, he wanted this, he wants this. Hux needs to break so Kylo can fix him, so Kylo can keep him. He scowls in his sleep, Kylo thinks when Hux turns away, looking increasingly pained, when he folds in half to rest his head on his knees. The core is destabilised, he thinks when he falls head first to the ground in an ungainly slump, setting the other officers into alarm. Fainted, like a damsel. Mine The medic that wasn't flushing the burn on his shoulder rushes over, checks his head for bumps, frowns, checks for a pulse, looks frightened. No- no Hux doesn't get to just die . History wouldn't allow it. Hux should die either having seen peace in the galaxy or in a grand explosion. Not of "shock" on a dirty shuttle floor. He fidgets, both medics are on Hux now, moving equipment, panicking. They roll him on his back, press into his chest and breath into his lungs, trying to force his body to start working. They cut open his shirt to zap him with electricity, making his pale body arch. Nothing seems to be able to coax life back into him. Gone. The medics look distraught- like they've just discovered some horrid new disease. For all he knows they might have. Hux's face has a scowl on it, somehow, and Kylo feels a laugh crawling around inside him as they cover the man with a sheet. A tactical death, perhaps, or a heart broken over the death of a machine, it shouldn't matter- he should be glad but the shaking wont stop. Running in waves through his body, rattling things around him with the force. His eyes are burning and- kriff - he wasn't supposed to be the one crying. Something explosive builds in him, feels like an orgasm but angrier, like he's sucking the fear out of the air as staff clear space around him. The light flickers and he realises he's holding it, holding in the explosion as he holds the edge of the bench with white knuckles. All at once it bursts out of him with a roar, lightning crackles between his toes and in his hair as a large arc from his hands grounds itself on Hux- on Hux's pasty, sheet-covered chest. Probably only for a split second before Kylo slumps, huffs and keens through clenched teeth, hissing through spittle. There's a wheeze, a sputter, and Ren sucks in his breath to turn- craning his neck once again to look across the shuttle. The sheet twitches. Wheezes. He's stunned silent. A med officer clearly took the quiet as a sign to come back, crashes to their knees to pull the sheet off. Hux's chest is a mess of red branching marks, burns, but it's quivering- sucking in breaths. The medic's hands shake too when they touch- too much to find a pulse so put their head to his chest. Heart, lungs, working. Alive. A miracle. They have tears in their eyes when look to him and he turns away, if they dare to thank him he'd kill them- They're on thin ice as it is for groping his prize like that. He saved Hux's life so Hux belongs to him now. That's how it works. Let Snoke try to cure him later. // Notes: this one sucks, too superficial but look I wrote something. patting mysel f on the back now and you cant stop me. - implication: brainwashing killswitch trigger - further implications: hux will probably be wrecked if/when he wakes - chapter 2: might hapen - I liked possessive Kylo being like "u can't die because u belong to ME" before so I wrote some more. - if you get real drunk don't pass out on ur back, like, I'm sure they teach everyone this at school but I nearly choked on my own vom when I was 19 (*national anthem playing quietly in background*) and I do not recommend it.