The beginning The first time he witnesses her smile she has already slowed his time. This small creature had captivated him since she entered the worn down gym. Kylo knows he shouldn't stare, it's rude . But.. Kylo Ren enjoys peering and speculating at beautiful things. He has made it his occupation. He was paid a small fortune to captivate beautiful things in lens. He made a living taking pictures of all things. People, places, objects, that winy little teen brat that everyone loves , etc. Nothing compares to the perfection Kylo has seen. Nothing compares to the girl idling beside him on the treadmill. Once she entered the gym she had grabbed his attention immediately and it wasn't for the hideous orange backpack that hung on her back. Kylo had watched her pass along toward the lockers that hung on the back wall. Kylo gaze followed to the girl once more, he suddenly wondered why this kind of girl owned a membership here . Kylo gaze zeroes in on the chipped paint on the walls, and the nearly broken equipment. His own attraction to this particular gym was the gym bag hanging high in the corner of the gym and the owner was a grumpy old man. Who was speaking to the girl. "Kid, how are you?" Kylo rips the earbud out of his ear. His gaze lands on the girl, who is smiling up at the owner. Her smile is crooked. Kylo slows his pace on the treadmill. "Hi" She beams for a moment. "I'm okay-" A light shrug to her shoulder. "Working" She finishes with a roll of her hazel eyes. "Better be eating when your working, Kid" The owner half growls at her before trailing away. Kylo gaze flickers smoothly once the girl turns. And she is a girl. Kylo is nearly thirty years old, this girl is no more than twenty. Suddenly he seems very odd with himself. He has known many women. Been with a variety of women but, nothing was compared to the girl- who was turning on the treadmill right next to him. Kylo sees that she spares him a glance before stepping on. Kylo could tower over her effortlessly. He stares down at her copper hair musing over her bright blue hair tie. The brown hair sways side to side securely in her tie. Kylo watches until strands of hair fall loose. He runs with his full attention to the girl running beside him. She is active- Kylo notices as she keeps a steady pace. He allows his gaze to trail along her. He takes in her bright floral athletic leggings and her mis matched socks. He notices the shape of her- she is petite but firm in all of the right places. Kylo gaze roams taking in the shape of her ass- Kylo hand slams on the stop button hastily. He winces slightly inwardly thrashing himself for being that man- the gym creep . Kylo steps off the treadmill with a roll of his broad shoulders. Then- A tiny press to his shoulder as he attempts to turn away. He reluctantly turns at the finger pressing into his back. He is met with bright hazel eyes and his mouth opens dumbly- "Sorry" A blush is creeping to her cheeks and the sight is tormenting him. Kylo calmly meets the gaze of the girl who has had his attention the entire time he spent at the gym. She is holding his own towel to him. "Oh-" Kylo blinks and manages to meet her stretched hand. "I wouldn't want you to forget this" She lifts her rounded cheeks in a smile. She hands him the towel and he is purposefully brushing his fingers along hers. He wants to feel how she feels. The touch brings warmth and Kylo was praying she felt the jolt too. He flickers his eyes to her hazel ones. The smile is hovering over her lips effortlessly. Her hair is slight curls along her neck. Her breath is slightly panting and Kylo feels- "Thanks" He swallows and motions at the towel in his hands. The girl nods her head happily and offers another smile. She silently turns and continues on the treadmill. Kylo turns away in effort of not lingering. He stalks toward the lockers and reaches for his jacket hanging in the locker. He halts mid reach, his gaze landing on the orange backpack in the locker beside him. He stares at the buttons and sketches drawn on the Jansport. Kylo grasp curls around his jacket. He snatches it from the hook and turns toward the exit. The owner mops the floor in the middle of the gym. The light hanging low above his head. The dimly lit gym holds the assence of run down. Kylo keeps his gaze to the treadmills as he walks. "Goodnight, Kid" The owner grumbles. Kylo keeps his gaze to the girl running on the treadmill. Her lips are parted as she runs - Kylo realizes she is softly singing. Kylo gaze flickers to the man gripping the mop and he is lowering his head. Kylo pushes the door open and saunters toward the lot around the corner. He removes his keys from his jacket and rolls them. His attention is to the two vehicles in the parking lot. His Audi awaits for him and the vehicle belonging to the owner rusts in the corner. Kylo eyes narrow calculating the possibilities of the girl walking- Kylo slides into driver seat. The cool leather meeting his back causes a sigh to escape his lips. He turns the key in the ignition. He reverses in the spot smoothly with his gaze to the gym. Kylo grips the wheel tightly. His knuckles turning a numb white. "Fuck" He growls in the comfort of his own car. His hand rolls the wheel, and the Audi is know parked right across the street from the gym. Kylo breathes heavily through his nose. His glare settling on the windshield. The girl obviously walked here. Kylo gaze flickers to the parking lot. It's night. Doesn't this girl know what neighborhood she is in? Kylo muses tapping the wheel absently. Kylo has the inner turmoil of the girl until he distinctly hears a call of a 'goodnight'. His attention snaps across the street. Kylo glances at the dashboard and realizes it's been a fucking hour. He has been in his car for a hour contemplating over this girl. Her soft voice sounds from across the street- And Kylo is reaching for the camera across the passenger seat. He curls his fingers around the lens. His attention is brought back to the girl across the street. He can distantly see her smile from where he sits. His fingers flexes around the button of the camera. He captures it peering into the lens. Her smile appears and Kylo presses the button. He leans away from the camera and stares across the street. The girl waves her hand toward the owner and she twirls on her heel. The girl walks down the street. Eleven at night. In Brooklyn. Kylo presses his forehead against the steering wheel. "Fuck" He whispers before turning the ignition. He leans away from the wheel and grips the wheel. He drives the Audi slowly until he is turning the car in a U-turn. He drives along the street. His gaze to the girl walking along the sidewalk. The earbuds are still in her ear. Kylo catches his breath thinking of all the possibilities- The girl turns for a block. Kylo turns the wheel. A small huddle of men wait on the corner. There heads lift toward the girl approaching and something awakes in Kylo- he holds his breath as his foot is stilled on the pedal. He watches as one calls to her. The girl continues to walk. The earbuds are hold accountable. Kylo watches the mans displeasure of her rejection. Or what he thinks is labeled a rejection. The man steps away from the huddle of the men. Kylo hand turns swiftly and the ignition has turned off. His hand is already reaching for the handle of the door. It opens violently as Kylo unbuckles his seat- The man hand lands on the girls shoulder- Kylo is already approaching the man- The girl freezes under the mans touch. Completely taken aback over the man and his touch. She rips the earbud out of her ear widely. And meets the mans hand with her own. She clamps down on his hand and twist it effortlessly. She moves her body- flinging his hand toward his back. The man screams- Kylo skids right in front of the girl and the man. His chest contracting as he peers at the girl. "Sorry- I'm sorry- let go -" The man rasped. "You should be" The girl grits her teeth and shoves the man away from her. She scoffs peering down at him. She steals a steady breath before turning- "Hey-" She stares at Kylo tilting her head. "I know you" She concludes happily. Kylo swallows nothing. He tilts his head in imitation. His gaze landing on the huddle of guys. "Yeah-" He agrees and he is fully taken aback by this small creature. He gazes at her once more. "Actually I don't" She corrects. "I meant I just seen you" The blush is creating a blemish of pink to flow. She falters for a moment completely staring at the men. "Are you alright?" Kylo manages. The girl meets his gaze and Kylo is aware of his chest tightening. A weak smile is lifting her lips. "I think I'm okay" She nods. Kylo steals a breath and runs his hand through his black raven hair. "Are you sure?" He presses peering at her closely. "I can handle myself-" That much is clear "Thank you though for your attempt" A grin is plastered on her lips then. Her smile crooked as she peers up at him. "No problem-" Kylo furrows his brow at such a lame response. "Are you walking home?" The girl narrows her eyes to his. Her expression turns unreadable. "Yes" She nods. "May I drive you home?" Kylo burst suddenly. Her laugh sounds the Brooklyn street and it is the most precious thing to have ever sounded. Kylo flourishes in it for a moment. His hands clench at his sides. The girl smiles up at him. "I just attacked a man for harassment and now you want me to get in your flashy car with you?" It's the most she has ever spoke. Kylo loves her voice he decides. He turns his gaze to the girl , and realizes she is still smiling up at him. "Is that a no?" Kylo wonders. The girl laughs. "It's a polite no" She offers. "Understandable" Kylo agrees. "Hold on just a moment" He hands her his jacket. The girl accepts it sputtering a 'What?' and a narrow to her eyes. Kylo turns away from the girl and saunters toward the Audi parked right in the street. Kylo realizes he left it in the middle of the street. He gets into his car and starts the ignition. Kylo peers at the girl through the windshield. She is still standing on the sidewalk gripping his jacket at least. Kylo parks his car smoothly against the sidewalk. He locks the car with a hit of the button. He approaches the sidewalk and begins to approach the girl waiting for him- But- His grip lands on the man, who had put his hands on her when she was walking alone at night with headphones in her ears. Kylo pulls the man away from the group without cause or shout and throws him against the chained link fence. His friends react stupidly. Widely. They rush toward Kylo quickly. Kylo hand rolls in a fist. His clenched hand meets one mans jaw He pulls away only to just meet his fist in another's mans face. Kylo pulls away assessing the men. Their were only three of them. All of them clutching a facial body part. Kylo lowers himself directly to the man against the chain. "And you let's pray that I don't see you again or that she never sees you again" Kylo leans toward him murmuring. The man leans away from him closing his eyes- Kylo heaves to a stance. The girl is still waiting on the sidewalk. Her eyes wide from the scene Kylo portrayed. Kylo inwardly freezes at her being afraid of him . But she is still gripping his jacket and still planted on the sidewalk. The possessive beast in Kylo marvels at the sight. "Let me walk you home" Kylo said now standing right in front of her. "Where did you learn how to fight like that?" The girl eyes are very wide. Kylo winces at her tone. "And I mean you didn't have to do that. I have a extremely protective roommate" She is assessing him now. "It was my pleasure" Kylo insists. The girl laughs then. She begins to hand him his jacket. "Oh, you looked cold" Kylo shakes his head. "When I was beating up that guy?" She raises a eyebrow. A glint of humor has reached her hazel eyes. She doesn't bring up the season of temperature. The summer air is heavy against the nape of her neck. Kylo was expecting .. this girl overwhelmed him endlessly. "Yes" He nods meeting her gaze. "Can I walk you home?" Kylo murmured softly between them. "You already parked your car" The girl smiles. Kylo wonders who allowed him to meet this girl. What god put her in his path- he wants to thank the god responsible and worship them for all of his eternity. "Exactly" Kylo nods his head. "And I would feel much better if I knew you weren't beating up creeps who deserved it" Kylo said. He is a man of few words. Maybe even no words. He notes his own pleasure in speaking to her. And he only met her two hours ago. He lowers his head as his thoughts captivate him. "Sure" The girl said. "Okay" she smiles. But there is a slight giggle to her tone. The girl turns her body and begins to step down the block. Kylo immediately follows. He slows his pace. Her orange backpack hanging on her back steals his attention. "Would you like me to carry your bag?" Kylo wonders. His deep voice causing her to glance as she walked. "Now, you want to carry my bag?" The girl smiles. Kylo realizes he was stupidly referring to her as 'the girl' way longer than necessary. He wants to know her name. He wants to know everything. "What's your name?" He wonders. The girl stops walking and she is rewarding him with wide smile. "Now, you want to know my name" She sighs mockingly. "What am I going to do with you?" She laughs. Kylo can only stare numbly. He lost his vocabulary. He is no longer capable of forming a sentence. The treadmill partners stand closely outside a apartment building. The summer night air breezing between them. The girl never pulled on his jacket but still held it as they walked. "What is your name?" The girl wonders back. And it takes a moment for him to realize she was staring at him for a reply. "Kylo Ren" He answers without thought. The girl smiles up at him. "Sounds familiar" She scrunched her button nose. "Am I suppose to know that name?" She mutters more to herself. "And what is your name?" He challenges patiently. He is aware of his figure dwarfing her. "You have to guess it" The girl smiles. "You smile a lot" Kylo states staring at her lips. "Has it anything to do with a smile?" He asks murmuring. The blush is maddening to him. It flows all over her small face. Kylo stares until it is no longer present. "I don't think so" The girl hums. "Ashely?" Kylo pulls his eyebrows high. The girl laugh is more of a snort but it still causes reaction from Kylo. He stares intently down at her. "Oh, no" She winces. "I knew a Ashely and she was awful" Kylo decides "I hate the name Ashely" He nods. Kylo notices the girl inching away from him. He stares until she is grinning at him. "I live here" She points up to the fire escape. Kylo tries to hide his smile. The girl was something entirely. He never met someone like her before. "But now you know where I live" The girl eyes turn wide for a moment before she raises a dismissive hand "A lot a people in this building though and beside you look like a nice guy" Kylo watches as she climbs the few steps to the building. She turns toward him once she reaches for the door. "Thank you, Kylo" She smiles. "I'm not a nice guy" Kylo said from the sidewalk. He watches as her head tilts sideways. "You fooled me" The girl smiles in the doorway. "Goodnight" Kylo meets her gaze from the sidewalk. He stares at the jacket in her grasp and she follows his gaze. "Ah. Sorry" She rushes down the step toward him. He notes she is kind of clumsy in her footing. She halts right in front of him. "Here you go" "And if I told you to keep it?" Kylo whispered. "It looks expensive" The girl eyes the jacket for the first time. "Do you give all of the girls jackets and beat up creeps, and of course walk them down a block to their apartment?" "I want to know your name" Kylo stares down at the girl. "You didn't guess though" She smiles. "And you didn't answer my question" "Only the pretty ones" Kylo murmurs to her. The blush is slight pink on her cheeks. "That was a good one" She pulls away from him. "Does that work though?" She begins to approach her building for the second time. "Sometimes" Kylo calls. "And does this mean you allow strange man to walk you home?" He suddenly begins to really wonder. Kylo isn't sure if it would surprise him. She has exceeded his expectations. "Only the handsome ones" The girls calls back as she closes the door to her building. Kylo blinks as she waves a goodbye to him and entered the hall. Kylo stands idiotically on the sidewalk. He presses his fingers together. He takes a breath before hurrying toward her building. Kylo attempts to make himself appear smaller. He grips the metallic device of the building speakers. Beside it are names and door numbers written on it. A4 Glenn Frowned B5 Eugene/ Maggie Smith C3 Finn Storme/Rey Kenobi C2 Poe Dameron The names were endless as it should be in a apartment building. Kylo took in all of the names and sought it to the girl. Kylo couldn't picture a name that fit the girl. Kylo gaze hovered over Rey Kenobi he took in the name beside it glowering. "Your name is Rey isn't it?" Kylo whispered staring at it. His fingers brushing along the ink stained paper. Kylo was convinced. A slow smile was easing his full lips. Inside the apartment building the girl was fumbling with her belongings in the entryway of her apartment. She eased the keys in the bowl before stepping deeper into the narrow hall. "Peanut?" "Yes, its me and not a mad man trying to murder you" The girl called in return huffing a small laugh. Finn Storme appeared in the doorway of the living space. "Rey, that's not funny. You know that's a real fear of mine" Finn frowned sincerely. Rey smiled approaching him. She hugged him gently patting his cheek. "I will protect you" She teased. "All that gym time" Finn eyed her closely. "And you smell like that old gym too" Finn stepped away from her dramatically holding his nose. "Hey" Rey responded mocking outrage "I love that gym. Han is really nice and you would like him" She stuck her tongue out. Finn attempted to grab it. "Fine. I'll have to check it out for myself. Unless you don't want me to meet your boyfriend Han" Finn snorted. Rey rolled her eyes, and smacked him playfully. "The man can be my father" She hissed. Finn laughed at his closest friend and roommate. The friends entered the living room, and Rey took notice of the photo against the wall. "That's new.." Rey marveled. It was a basic photograph. It was a picture of Central Park in black and white. It was nice against the dark walls of Rey's living space. "Yeah, I picked it up for a good price. It's a knock off from the original one" Rey laughed turning her attention to Finn. "It's just a picture of Central Park. I can take it for you-" Rey chokes on her laughter. Finn rolls his eyes as he settles on the couch. "Sure but you're no Kylo Ren" Finn mutters into his beer. Finn finally takes notice of the men's jacket in Rey's grasp. His brow furrow slightly at the black sleek looking jacket - is that Prada? Finn wondered. Rey begins to hyperventilate and Finn wonders if she took something. "Who's jacket is that?" Chapter 2 : "May I be graced with a last name now?" Summary: Kylo Ren has crossed over the Brooklyn bridge every night since he met the girl Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Kylo Ren hates Brooklyn. He loathes the wait to get over a bridge to a borough where he can't wait to cross back over and into his town house in the upper east side. Kylo hates the traffic and unnecessary hipsters of Brooklyn. He grips the wheel to his Audi and drives through the streets of the borough he once grew up in. His gaze flickering all around the neighborhood of his childhood. He turns the wheel in time for the familiar street of the gym. Kylo Ren has crossed over the Brooklyn bridge every night since he met the girl . He tempted to see the girl at least once. He had turned his four day a week gym ritual into a seven day ritual and she was all to blame. He drove through the streets of Brooklyn absently peering all around. He hasn't seen the girl in the last two days. It left him in a unbearable mood. He knew subconsciously she was to blame for all of this. His gaze flickered taking in the neon of the time. It was close to ten at night. Kylo rolled the wheel and eased inside the gym parking lot. Kylo slid out pocketing his keys in his sweatpants. He walked toward the gym gripping his iPod carefully- his attention brought to the device as he reaches for the door. Kylo enters the gym pocketing the device in the comfort of his waistline. He stands in the entry way of the gym. His gaze drifting to the pin board of flyers. Kylo drifts in to the gym that somehow became his second home. Somehow. Kylo stalks toward the wall holding the lockers. He yanks the metallic door open and places his keys on the hook. He lowers his head and starts to unhook the chain that lives around his neck. He grasps the golden chain carefully and places it beside the keys. Kylo closes the locker door and turns- He is staring at the girl that has occupied his thoughts. Well, the back of her head at least. She is occupying the gym back in the corner of the room. Her gloved hands beating the bag as her brown hair sways from side to side- Kylo stares from across the gym. His gaze narrowing with every sway of her ponytail. His limbs begin to move toward her. He walks around all of the equipment in effort to get to her. His gaze intently on the copper hair- The owner appears in the corner of Kylo's eye. He watches from the counter. His furrow brow even furrowing deeper than norm but Kylo pays him no mind. Kylo halts right behind the swaying ponytail. The girl tenses as if she just knows someone is lurking- well staring helplessly at the beautiful creature. Kylo is choking at the notice of her tank top. It's purple and a soft thin fabric. Kylo is staring down at the freckles dotting her shoulders- "Oh, it's you" The girl voice snaps his attention. Kylo meets hazel eyes and he inhales gently at the sight. "Hey" Kylo watches as the girl tilts her head up at him. "Beat anyone up lately?" He murmured. He is rewarded with a smile. The girl chuckles gently "Just practicing" She raises her gloved hands toward his face. Kylo smiles against the red boxing gloves against his lips. The girl laughs pulling her hands away. "Then I should inform you you're doing it all wrong" Kylo flickers his gaze to her hands before settling his attention to her smirking lips. "Am I?" She wonders blinking her hazel eyes. Kylo nods his head forcing somberness. The girl peers up at him skeptical and Kylo is biting back his smile. "Han" The girl raises her voice and Kylo blinks taken aback as she calls for the owner of the gym establishment. Han Solo is shuffling toward the boxing corner. "What?" Han growls in return. "Kylo says you're teaching me wrong" The girl even points to Kylo. Kylo is refusing to meet the gaze of the owner. He keeps his expression polite in sake of the devilish girl in front of him. Kylo lowers his head scoffing at the floor. Han slowly turns following the point. He blinks several times and stares. "Ha" Han scoffs turning away from the pair. "That's funny" He grumbles walking toward the counter. Kylo raises his head in time to witness her frown. "What-" "You're standing wrong" Kylo whispers staring at her - orange socks- Kylo peers closer and realizes there are pineapples on her socks. He snaps his gaze up swallowing his laugh. The girl is thrusting her chin up stubbornly. Kylo is inwardly grinning like the prowling wolf that he is known for. "I can show you" Kylo offers her softly. The girl narrows her eyes to his. Her expression softening before a shy twitch of her lips. The girl peers away from his gaze timidly. Kylo stares at the blush deepening her cheeks. "You're a boxer" The girl stares at him. Kylo blinks taken aback by her claim. "I use to be" Kylo mumbles. The girl hums thoughtfully as her head is tilted sideways. "Did a villain defeat you? And you swore off boxing for good?" Her eyes dance with a playful banter. Kylo gives into the light of her hazel eyes. He purses his lips "Close". The girl giggles pressing her legs together and she is standing straighter in front of him. "Show me old wise one" She snickers below him. Kylo stares down at her and his mouth is twitching in a wanted smile. Kylo reluctantly gives in to the twitch, and he scoffs a laugh at the girl. "I suppose you won't tell me how old are you?" He wonders. "Oh, I'm twenty one" The girl answers. Kylo blinks taking in the information. He was close in guessing her age and he is wondering about her name now. The girl is smiling behind her gloves. "And how old are you?" She wonders to him. Kylo gaze softened peering at her. "I will be thirty in November" He informs. The girl deepens her smile "Autumn baby. I love the autumn especially in Central Park. Don't you?" She wonders and Kylo can actually see the glint of mischief in her hazels eyes. As if I know something you don't know . Kylo furrows his brow but the girl brings out all curiosity in him. "I do" He answers her odd question. The girl smiles shyly removing her gaze from him. Kylo is boring holes into her face. Kylo takes a small step toward her. "You want to have a stance like this-" He grabs her full attention by quickly furrowing in a fighting stance. His left leg leaning in. The girl nods her head at him and follows suite. Kylo nods his head gently praising her. Her body shifts and Kylo reaches for her hands but decides against it. His hands shake as they drop to his sides. "You want to hold the stance though" Kylo warns. "You don't want to loose your footing and fall face first into your opponent" Kylo lips curve. The girls nods her head reluctantly agreeing with him. "Han says all you have to do is move around fast enough and they won't be able to catch you" The girl grins up at him. Kylo is horrified at the idea of her fighting. Fuck, being taught alone. Kylo is inwardly cringing. Kylo flickers his gaze to the counter and glares pointedly to the man. "May I ask why you want to be taught how to fight?" Kylo flickers his gaze to the girl. "I know how to fight" She rolls her hazel eyes. "I just wanna do it right" She settles her gaze carefully on Kylo. Fuck I am so fucked He amends silently as a pray. "I would sleep better at night if you wouldn't" Kylo murmured to her. She peers to Kylo as if he startled her and he probably did. "I can teach you" He offers. She flickers her gaze toward the counter. "Han would be crushed" She sighed. Kylo is musing over her "He'll live" He grits out. "How can I say no?" The girl raises her shoulders helplessly. Kylo is smiling down at her. "I mean-" "You can't" Kylo interrupts her. The girl lifts her lips in a weak smile. "Have you seen Rocky?" Kylo grimaces at the mention of his childhood hero. He begins to groan "Yeah.." "Are you going to make me climb all of those steps?" She sheepishly teases him. Kylo flashes her a grin. "Maybe-" "Hey, Rey" Han calls from the counter. The girl shoulders drop and she peers to Kylo, her cheeks reddening by the second. So, it is Rey... . Kylo flickers his gaze to Han, who is gripping a old cord phone in his hand. "Hello, Rey, lovely to meet you" Kylo introduces softly toward her as he gazes back at her. "Who's Rey?" She wonders to him. She is swallowing her laughter as Kylo peers wickedly down at her. "Fine. You got me" A roll of her hazel eyes. I do. I do Kylo gaze follows her form as she walks toward Han. He silently hands her the phone and she begins to speak softly. "-I will be right home" She winces into the receiver and hesitantly hands the phone to Han. "Thanks Han" She lifts her lips weakly at the grumpy man. He smiles before shuffling away. Rey returns to Kylo, who is standing awkwardly in the corner of the gym. He steps toward her as she approaches. He meets her in the middle of the room. "Sorry. I have to cut our training sooner than later" She apologizes. "Is everything okay?" Kylo wonders sincerely. "Yeah, it's just Finn-" Kylo swallows a bitter taste at the mention of a man. "He's locked out and I have the key" Rey winces at the thought. "So I have to run home before he dies of paranoia" She laughs. Kylo takes a closer step toward her. "Let me drive you" He tries to make it a offer as it leaves his lips. He waits for a reply from the beautiful thing called Rey. He realizes he is holding his breath as she tilts her head. He allows a shallow breath to escape. "You want to drive me home?" She whispers to him. "I do" Kylo nods his head. "Well you already know where I live" Rey nods back a smilie lifting her lips. Kylo wonders how something who can be so god damn beautiful also be so - lethal. Kylo gaze travels to Rey as she unwraps her gloves. Kylo invades her personal space purposely. "Allow me.." he whispered between them as he unwrapped the gloves and pulled it. The red glove met Kylo's chest and he unlaced the other one. Rey lowered her head hiding the smile on her lips. Once he had both gloves in his hand Rey offered a smile of thanks. Kylo gaze shifted toward the lockers. "I just have to grab my things" He said to her gesturing toward the lockers. Kylo took a step toward the lockers and found her in step beside him. She followed him silently to the lockers but grabbed nothing out of the locker besides his. Kylo turned his body and clasped the golden chain around his neck. He turned his body and noticed his creature watching him. Her eyes landing on the chain around his neck. Kylo grabbed his keys and motioned for the exit. Rey blinked and tore her gaze away from the golden chain. She stepped with him shyly keeping pace with the tall legged Kylo Ren. Han stood lazily at the counter with his arms folded across his chest. "Good night, Kid". And it was Rey who answered. "Night night Han" Rey sang, hopping over the counter. She landed on her chest and lowered her head fishing for a item. Her head disappearing in a odd angle behind the counter. Kylo gaped from where he stood. Rey produced her keys with a smile. Han peered on completely humored by the girl. His gaze darted to the tall guy standing protectively behind her. "And a very good night to you too" He sand to the dark haired man. Kylo slowly dropped his expression. He scowled at the older man and owner of the gym. Rey peered on laughing at the pair. Han peered at the pair forcing suspicion. Kylo began to step out of the gym in hopes of the girl following after him. Kylo waited on the sidewalk and found her opening the door as he turned. "I had no idea you and Han were so close" Kylo said. Rey slowly patted up to Kylo. Her head lifting up to meet his curious gaze. "Yeah. I know Han for years now" Rey peered to Kylo with a challenging look to her eyes. Kylo began to walk toward the parking lot with his gaze to the person walking slowly beside him. He stares at her bare arms and noted the beauty marks. Kylo threw a frown at Rey as they walked. He would have remembered her lingering in the gym. "How do you know Han?" "He knew my grandfather" Rey snapped darting her glare to Kylo. She skidded against the sidewalk. Her running shoes scrabbling up pebbles. Kylo blinked by her reaction. Her gaze landed on the chain around his neck. A cloudy expression easing her face. "Why don't you like Han?" Rey wondered confusedly. She was protective of the owner. Kylo was inwardly musing over this realization. She actually likes the old man Kylo held the urge to run his hand through his hair in despair. "I am not a people person" Rey scoffed a quick laugh. "Clearly" Rey proceeded to walk toward the parking lot of the gym. Kylo narrowed his eyes following after her still rooted to the sidewalk. Kylo managed to jog in order to keep up with her. "May I be graced with a last name now?" He wonders down to her once he is towering beside her. I already know it Ms Kenobi he muses darkly. She glances up at him. Her lips twisting in a smile. "It's only fair" Rey nods. "I will grace you will my full name. Rey Kenobi" She shyly said even though she continues to walk beside him. Kylo smiles revealing his teeth to Rey, who smiles at the sight. Soft laughter eases between the two as they walk. "It only took me a week" Kylo slows his pace once the Audi graces his view. He glances to marvel at the sight of Rey approaching his car. "Audi R8?" Rey wonders admiring the black car. "5.2 V10" She finishes confidently. Kylo gawks over the car and she meets his gaze with a grin. Kylo recovers smoothly once her attention is on him. He unlocks the car with a press to the button. "Jesus Christ" He mutters to himself lowering himself into the car. He meets Rey as she slides into the passenger seat. Her gaze landing to the dashboard of the car. Her body slowly turns toward Kylo. Kylo wonders if his just huge compared to her. She settles against the leather comfortably. "Seat belt" Kylo whispers causing her gaze to flicker to him. He reaches for his own belt and hears the click of the passenger belt. He throws her a glance before starting the ignition. He can't keep his gazes away from her and she always seems to be meeting his gaze in time. He reverses out of the spot smoothly and handle the wheel carefully. He drives slowly with the mind of being cautious. "You smile a lot too you know" Kylo darts his gaze to Rey, who has spoken from where she sits. Her gaze solely on Kylo as he drives. He clears his throat. "Only when you're in the proximity" He smiles over to her. His full lips twisting at the sight of her smile in return. "You're a confident man aren't you?" She muses. "You speak with such confidence and yet you just met me" She raises a dark eyebrow. Kylo tempts to pay attention to the street but he is darting his gaze to the girl in his passenger seat. He grips the wheel carefully. "I have a excellent gut instinct, Rey" He said. Her name rolling off his tongue sent a heat of satisfaction to go through him. Rey straightened against the leather. "And what does your instinct say about me?" She wonders softly. "That I have to be near you" Kylo settles on the sentence he just spoke with purses lips. "My apologies. You're a very beautiful girl. But it's not just that-" He flickers his gaze to Rey. She holds her head against her open palm. She is leaning against the exterior of the car. Kylo peers down at her and inwardly growls at her peering up at him through her eye lashes- "Do you usually get what you want?" She whispers into her palm. Kylo smiles shifting his gaze to the windshield of the car. "We'll see" He promised. "Do you live in Brooklyn?" Rey wonders. Kylo snaps his attention to Rey. She is still leaning toward the arm rest. "No" His lip curls in distaste of the borough- That causes Rey to whack at his arm playfully. He feels her skin press against his bare arm. And he is feeling the jolt of her touch. "Brooklyn is the best" She scrunches her nose. "I live in Manhattan" Kylo laughs dodging her small hand. Rey gasps. "And you travel to Brooklyn for a gym? Are you a mad man?" Rey wonders scoffing her question. A slight giggle in escaping her lips. Kylo slowly turns his head to peer thoughtfully at Rey; possibly . Kylo shoulders drop though. "I grew up here" Kylo was surprised that information left his lips. "So you do in fact love Brooklyn" Rey giggles in the silent air condition car. Kylo muses. He has found a new found love of Brooklyn. "Sure" He said settling his gaze on Rey, who blushes somehow under his gaze. Kylo throws the gear in park as Rey realizes the Audi is parked right outside her building. "Oh, we're here" She said happily. "Thank you, Kylo-" She begins sincerely turning toward him. "When can I see you again?" Kylo is leaning toward her staring directly into green and brown. He smiles seeing the red appear in her cheeks. She slightly leans away from him. "You want to see me again?" She wonders. "I do" Kylo nods patiently. Rey smiles, lifting her lips in a weak curve. "The gym is a very -" "Outside of the gym of course" Kylo interrupts her smiling a little at her blushed cheeks reappearing. "I will love to take you somewhere. Anywhere" Kylo informs her. "That's promising" Rey lifts a eyebrow. "And when would you like to see me again?" She wonders the blush turning a gruesome red. "Tomorrow" Kylo answers almost immediately. "Possibly in the early morning perhaps" He chuckles as she presses her hand to her mouth stifling her giggle. "Kylo-" She breathes sighing "I have school you know". Kylo interest are peaked. "It is the end of the summer, Rey. And what school do you go to?" Kylo gazes down at her. "I attend a placed called NYU" Rey smiles. Kylo attempts to keep his expression natural. Rey continues through with her sentence. "I only attended one class. It was sculpting. But I do reside my time at Brooklyn college" Rey informs him. Kylo absorbed all of the information intently. "You're a artist?" Kylo asks intently with his gaze on her small face. He takes in her nervous weak smile on her lips. "A aspiring artist" She nods and raises her shoulders. Then, she is peering at him smiling a very knowing smirk. There it is again- Kylo shifts in the seat toward her. "I want to give you my number" Kylo said. Another smile deepening her lips. "I don't own a phone-" Rey laughs and Kylo is furrowing his brow at her. A frown etching his lips. "What do you mean you don't own a phone? Do you realize what century this is?" Kylo mocks from the drivers seat. Rey sticks her tongue out of him. "I don't want one" "You own a iPod for Christ sake" Kylo motions for the electronic device in her hands. Rey begins to laugh in spite of herself. "It was a Christmas gift from Finn-" Her hazel eyes turn very wide at the mention- and reminder. "Oh fuck" She starts unbuckling her seat belt hurriedly. Kylo enjoyed hearing a curse escaped her lips. She looks to innocent and he already knows there is a spit fire deep within this small creature. But he glowers at the mention of another man leaving her lips. "Wait" Kylo calls reaching for his cellphone from the inner compartment, he hands her his phone not fully comprehending his actions. ".. take this" He allows his eyes to narrow in thought. "I will just get another one" He settles happily. "You're giving me your iPhone?" Rey laughs at the big idiot. Kylo controls his expression. He lowers his head slowly. "I can afford a new one" He said "Think of it as a late Christmas present from me" He eyes the phone in her hand. Rey snorts leaning away from him. "I can't" "You should" Kylo urges. His mouth twitches hesitantly. "I would love a device that manages to get in touch with you" "I own a home phone" Rey informs. Kylo lifts his lips at his witty creature. "You can just ask for my number" "I did already. You told me you didn't own a cellphone. I will gladly fix that problem" Kylo settles all of his attention on the girl. She is assessing him carefully in the seat. Her grip gently grasping the cellphone. "But it's to much" Rey peers down. "Not at all" Kylo promises. "You may delete the contacts and all other things. I even know your number now" Kylo glances at her with a raised cheek. "You're impossible" Rey manages from the passenger side. "So unreal" "Will you accept the late Christmas present?" Kylo wonders softly gazing at the cellphone. "I am Jewish" Rey attempts to hand Kylo the phone. "I hope you truly are Jewish and not mocking the culture-" Kylo begins from the driver side. His so surprised at his light banter with this girl. "Fine" Rey brings the phone closer to her chest. "I never met anyone like you-" "I never met anyone like you-" Kylo agrees gently interrupting her- "Merry Christmas" Rey reaches for the handle to the passenger door. Kylo reaches for his own handle. She is attempting to storm off in hopes of proving a point. Kylo watches calmly completely smiling at her attempt to open the door. Kylo fingers hover over the lock buttons on the car. Rey glances back and huffs a breath of annoyance. "Is this when you drive away and hack my body up in a million pieces?" The Audi unlocks with a press of his fingers. "That is so absurd" Kylo laughs. "I was thinking another time" Kylo leans toward the passenger seat as Rey hops out of the car. Kylo rolls down the window as she peers inside. "Wow I'm alive" Rey mocks grinning at him. "I wish you would have allowed me to walk you to your door" Kylo frowns slightly turning to gaze at her building. "You didn't have to. You did to much already" Rey softly said with her lowered head to the passenger window. Kylo stares at her gentle expression. "I have a cellphone at my home. I will text you" Rey blinks glancing down at the cellphone. "Goodnight Kylo" "Goodnight Rey" Rey pushes off the Audi and steps onto the sidewalk. Kylo hadn't moved from where he calmly sat in the drivers seat. He stares at her through the open window of his expensive car. Rey turns for the building realizing he is waiting for her to walk inside her apartment . The Audi roars to life when her foot meets the stair. Rey turns her head and meets the headlights of the black Audi. Rey could practically imagine the intense expression on his unique face. She would describe him as beautiful. He had a beautiful face. Or what Rey thought so. Rey smiled as she keyed the locked to her apartment building. She pushed the door gently taking a small step inside. The Audi engine roared as the car sped down the street in law breaking speed. It turned abruptly around the corner swiftly. Rey gaze followed the black sleek car as it vanishes in the Brooklyn neighborhood. Notes: Hi! I couldn't help myself! Another chapter. I'm just to excited about this story. Eeeeeeeep. I have no idea why it was stated that it was a - one shot? Or 1/1 chapters. My mistake maybe. Sorry , I plan on writing so many more chapters. Notes: Hi! I desperately wanted to write a AU modern story and ... Ta-dah! I'm super excited and would love to hear your thoughts and love. Thank you so much for reading