Kylo lifted his face to the sun, breathing deeply as he pulled his apartment door closed behind him. A couple of early autumn leaves blew past him as he made his way over to the church door, though the day still held the summer's warmth. Laying his hand on the heavy wooden door, it gave easily as he pushed. It was never locked as a matter of principle: all were welcome, at all times. He left the door open now to encourage people in, even if it would mean extra work for him later in sweeping the aisle of leaves. Two of his congregation already sat in the church, and he stopped to speak with them, pressing hands, smiling with them as he was told of grandchildren and troubles. Easy things to pass the time before they spoke to him privately. With the church so empty, he tried to ease his heart as he completed his path, pausing to kneel and offer a brief prayer in front of the altar, before crossing to the private room set to one side to begin his preparations. The small room was as old as the church building itself, and suffered an appalling lack of heat; something he was grateful for during the summer, and grateful again for the calm the cold tiles would bring him. Kylo's hands steadied as he began to undo the buttons on his shirt. He pulled it off gently, wincing as the fresh scars pulled at the skin along his back. He folded the shirt, setting it down on the single chair in his personal chapel, before opening his belt and trousers, sliding them down his legs before adding them to the pile of clothing on the chair. Naked but for the small wooden crucifix he wore, he knelt on the cold tiles, already feeling their chill creep up through his abused joints. Slowly he spread himself out on the floor, arms held cruciform, cross pressing painfully into the flesh of this chest as he lay down, chin resting on the floor so in his discomfort he could look upon the images in the single stained glass window of this room. Every day for a month he had prostrated himself on this floor, and he would continue to do so until the temptation ebbed. "Heavenly Father," he began, his voice strained from the angle of this throat against the tile. "Please, forgive this, your most humble servant." Kylo's voice dropped low as he continued, an echoing drone in the small room, soothing him as he prayed for strength, begged to pass this test the Lord had set before him. As his muscles began to contract with the cold, and the drone of the room settled into his mind, he could almost banish those thoughts that drove him to scourge himself in this way. When he felt enough time had passed, he closed his eyes and maintained his chant for a while longer, to ensure he had given up enough of himself to atone for his thoughts. His muscles protested as he pulled himself upright again, kneeling as he flexed the muscles of his back to pull at the scars he had inflicted there. They were still too fresh to risk lashing himself again lest he leave himself unable to tend to his flock, but he found himself wishing for the bright sting of pain as he reached for his clothes. The pain made it easier to not look towards temptation in the first place. When finally he was dressed in his vestments, collar carefully in place, he opened the door from his private chapel to return to the main church. He turned to the altar, genuflecting and crossing himself, offering up a final plea for strength as he turned. A few more of his congregation were scattered amongst the pews, kneeling or sitting, offering up prayers of their own as they waited, their muttered words and the clack of rosaries in their fingers drifting through the echoing silence of the building. Father Kylo Ren cast his eye gently over them, and told himself he was not relieved that nowhere was hair the colour of flame to be seen. Taking a breath, he passed down the church, nodding greetings to the parishioners, before taking his place in the confessional box, and waiting for his people to come to him with their burdens. * ** *** ** * Kylo never noticed the time pass when hearing the sins of his parishioners. He found comfort in being able to offer them hope and atonement, even as he hoped his own service will provide ease him of his own burdens. He fingered his own rosary as he listened to their confessions, the beads a match of the crucifix worn around his neck, and he enjoyed the soft sounds the wood made each time he lifted his hand to make the sign of the cross over them, bidding them go forth and sin no more. After the last old man had left, Kylo could hear the tread of his footsteps as he left the church even through the heavy velvet curtains that offer privacy to each confession. Silence fell. No new steps heralded the approach of another to the box, so Kylo took a few moments to mutter prayers for those sins he has heard already this evening, pressing the rosary to his lips. Engrossed in the task, he did not hear the box beside him open, and a new penitent kneel in place. "Forgive me Father, for I have sinned." Kylo jumped, both starting at the unexpected voice, and in recognition of who the voice belonged to. He took a moment to breathe, trying to calm his voice. He swallowed thickly, willing his throat to clear before he finally managed to reply. "Go on, my child." "It has been a week since my last confession. I.. Father, I continue to have impure thoughts." Kylo closed his eyes, unwilling to look through the screen at the figure kneeling there. He knew all too well what he would see. Flame red hair that caught his eye and called to him during his weekly sermon, no matter where it was seated in the church. The redhead seemed like a beacon lit only for him. It took all the will he could muster week after week to tear his eyes away, to cast them over all of his people and not just the one his body sought to betray him for. The same man had been to confession often enough that Kylo knew a pair of ice-blue eyes lay under golden lashes, the contrast of fire and frost enough to captivate him, that it becomes harder and harder for him to look away each time he gave in to the desire to look. He stirred in his seat, flexing his back in such a way that the scarring there pulls, and it was enough to give him back his breath, just for a moment. "Do.. you wish to speak of them?" "Father, I'm sorry. I... I try to be good, I try so hard. But I... I find myself having... having lustful thoughts for a man." This last came out in a rush, as if the redhead feared that if he didn’t say it then, he never would. Kylo waited, but nothing else seemed to be forthcoming. He chanced a glance through the screen beside him, watching how the rays of light shining through the carved fretwork of the confessional door fell across his face just so. Kylo was captivated by the colour of his eyelashes, how they turned gold in the light, darker in the shadows. He felt it would be the most natural thing in the world to raise his hand so he could brush the pad of his thumb along their tips, cupping his cheek in his palm... Kylo screwed his eyes shut and turned his face away. His rosary clacked as he twisted it around his hand, willing his heartbeat to calm, and his body with it. "My child," he began, barely trusting his own voice, "do you.. love this man?" He heard a rush of breath from beside him: a sigh? A laugh? "If you love him, there is no sin. Love is a sign of God's work, and there is no shame to be found there." "I've never even spoken to him, not about this." Kylo smiled, feeling himself here on firmer ground. He was young for a priest in his own parish, but it's something that has seemed to endear him to the younger and older members alike, who often came to him to seek his advice on family and relationships. That he himself was pledged only to the Church did not seem to diminish the advice he can offer to them. "If you have never spoken to him, how you can be so sure your thoughts are impure, and not simply the natural urges of your body?" A pause again, but this time Kylo didn’t dare to look. He waited, passing the beads of his rosary between his fingers, running his short nails against the grain of the wood. The feel of wood had always been soothing to him, from days as a teen learning to split and joint pieces in his shop teacher’s class, until he felt the call to follow in the steps of a carpenter who came long before his time. He heard a small movement, and stilled his hands, not wanting to miss what might be whispered to him now. "Perhaps I do have a confession for you after all." The tone surprised Kylo. Absent from it was the hesitance of before. There was almost a giddiness to his voice now. "Go on." "I'm not a believer Father, I don't follow your faith." "But you attend my sermons?" "That doesn't prove anything." "It should mean you've heard enough to know I welcome everyone who comes to this door, believer or not. If I can offer you solace I will." "Solace?" Kylo resisted again the temptation to look, merely nodding his head. "Even if I told you I only come to your services to watch the man I lust after?" Kylo did look over at that, and met those blue eyes as they stared at him in direct challenge. Something approaching anger seemed to be written on his face, and Kylo could not resist the urge to tease him. "Well, you wouldn't be the first to have met his husband in such a way." The man looked surprised by this response, flinching back as his forehead creased softly. His eyes moved rapidly, trying to discern as much of Kylo as he can through the screen keeping them apart. His forehead smoothed and he leaned forward again, tongue peeking from between his lips to wet them, slowly, capturing Kylo in their movement. "Shall I tell you about him, Father?" Kylo swallowed thickly, unable to explain the sudden fear that gripped him. He could not so much as set his hands to moving on his rosary again, he could only breathe and be caught under that piercing gaze. "I come here to watch him, Father, every week. Everything about him speaks to me." He leaned forward as he spoke, hands rising to grip the small shelf that joined their spaces, where the devout could pass him small items to be blessed as he heard their sins. "His hair is so lush and full that I can think of nothing but running my hands through it, wanting to stroke it and grasp it, use it to pull his face to mine so I can watch his eyes close as I kiss him." He had leaned as close to the screen as he could get, his voice lowered with the closeness, and Kylo found himself unwittingly leaning towards the sound. "His clothing does nothing to hide the broadness of his shoulders, and I imagine myself holding onto them as he wrap his arms around me." Kylo felt his own body respond as the man spoke. He couldn’t count the number of times he had stood in the church, offering the Eucharist, hands trembling as the redhead draws closer. Every time the man had accepted the offering into his mouth, and Kylo has woken from dreams in which the man took not the bread, but his fingers into his mouth, laving them with his tongue while Kylo brushed his thumb along the cupid's bow of his upper lip. "It is not just his body I crave... does that make it any better? I have heard him speak, I have heard his passion, seen his eyes aflame with the joy of his calling... did you know how captivating you are when you preach?" Kylo felt the rosary slip from numb fingers to fall with a dull sound against the carpeted floor of the confessional. "Oh Father, you didn't know? You didn't realise it was you I wanted?" His voice is high with laughter now, quickly smothered as he presses a hand to his mouth. "How could you not know? I've seen the way your eyes linger on me, drawing me in, how you always look for me at services. I've seen your eyes darken the closer I am to you." He paused here, his eyes flickering over Kylo's face as he looked for a response. "Or were you deliberately denying yourself, tormenting us both in order to bring yourself closer to your god, seeking out your own brand of suffering." "My child, while these.... urges are natural-" "You do want me-" "You must understand that this is something I cannot do." "But-" "I think it would be best if you left. I wish you no ill will from this, and I will pray for you as I do all souls, but in this I cannot help you." Kylo waited for more argument, eyes shut against the tears that stung at the corners of his eyes. The moment seemed to stretch for an eternity, until finally he heard the quiet rustle of cloth, the click of the confessional door opening, then swinging closed, then silence. Kylo found himself letting go of the ragged breath he hadn't been aware he was holding. His eyes still prickled, but he allowed himself that, having come to the edge of his temptation and- Kylo blinked, holding a hand up against the light as the door to his section of the box was thrown open. The tears already in his eyes blurred his vision, scattering the light so that it appeared in a halo about the red hair above him. The man stepped into the box, pulling the door behind him, crowding into Kylo's space to fit into the confines of the box. Kylo pressed himself back on his bench, wishing for the solidity of the rosary that lay forgotten at his feet. He tried to form prayers, but his lips would not obey, and he could do nothing but look at the terrible angel standing over him. "Do you know how I knew you wanted me?" Kylo could not answer, could not move, could do nothing but await benediction or damnation. "You don't know my name, do you?" Kylo started as the man's hands move to begin unbutton his own shirt, the dark fabric parting to reveal pale skin, a dusting of golden-red hair across his chest. "Father Ren, beloved by all, friend of the people." The shirt fell to the ground, and his hands moved to undo his belt, moving swiftly to the buttons of his trousers, as Kylo followed every movement. "Everyone knows Father Ren, and he knows everyone. Everyone but me." The groan caught in Kylo's throat as the redhead pushed his trousers and briefs down his legs together, slipping them off bare feet, before standing naked and glorious before him. His cock twitched as it swelled before his eyes, rising from the nest of golden-red hair between his legs. "When you hadn't asked, after all this time, that's when I knew. I knew you would consider yourself without hope if you had a name to call when you spilled in your own fist at night. You considered your ignorance of my name to be the price of your salvation." Kylo's will, hanging on a thread since the man knelt to confess his lust, now crumbled completely. As the man finished speaking, he found himself falling to his knees, hands rising to grasp at narrow hips to steady himself. He leaned forward, licking his lips, only to be stilled by the gentle touch of a hand on his jaw. "My name is Hux." Kylo groaned as he opens his mouth to receive his sin. The head of Hux's cock was hot, and so much softer than he could have imagined. He ran his tongue over it again and again, comparing it to softest silk, before dropping his jaw and taking the whole of him into his mouth. Hux gasped above him, fisting both of his hands in Kylo's hair. By necessity Kylo was long unpracticed, but he made up for it with enthusiasm, welcoming the soreness as he eased Hux's cock against the back of his throat, sucking and pressing his tongue against the hot length. He drew back, opening his eyes to look up at Hux, feeling a thrill in his gut to find him looking adoringly down at him. My angel , he thought, lifting a hand to work at Hux's shaft as he turned the attentions of his mouth to the head; tasting the precome that gathered there, sucking and bobbing his head in time with the motions of his hand, thinking only of this until he grazed his teeth across the head. With a hiss, Hux pulled him free. "Too much, Father, too much," he muttered, leaning down to kiss Kylo's swollen lips. "Kylo. Call me Kylo, please." "Kylo," he smiled. "Sit back, I'm not done with you yet." Kylo clambered to sit back on his hard, wooden bench, his hands coming to rest on Hux's waist as he settled onto his lap. Hux leaned forward, brushed the back of his hand against the front of his trousers where his erection strained against the seam, momentarily confusing Kylo when he reached to the side. "On Thursday the older members of the congregation used to come to be blessed, to be annointed and removed of their aches" he says, reaching into his pocket. "Is that a tradition you still uphold? Ah, I see it is." Hux withdrew, holding aloft the small bottle of oil Kylo keeps for blessing and anointing. Kylo blanched as Hux's intention became clear, to which Hux smiled wickedly. "If you'd prefer we can stop now" he said, sliding forward to grind his cock against Kylo's stomach, his voice a whisper. "I could come just like this, with the feel of your hands on my skin. But I'd much rather have you buried deep inside me." Kylo groaned, pulling Hux's hips tight against him. Hux took this as assent, uncorking the bottle of olive oil, tipping it into his hand before reaching behind himself with oil slicked fingers. Kylo watched, fascinated, as Hux began to work himself open, breath hitching in Kylo's ear where Hux leaned against him. Kylo kissed almost absently at his neck, feeling his cock grow impossibly harder as two, then three fingers press inside the redhead, his pale skin flushed with the effort. Hux groaned as he withdrew his hand, and his pupils were wide as he looked at Kylo again. He pulled impatiently at Kylo's vestments, pushing the cloth out of the way to open his trousers and pull his cock free, wrapping his oil covered hand about it. Kylo's head fell back with the sensation, and he felt the moan tear its way from the very core of his body. He felt Hux move forward in his lap again, guiding him to his entrance, hair wild as he panted. "Will you give me solace?" My fallen angel... Kylo had never felt more helpless in his life as Hux began to sink down onto him. It had been so, so long since he had experienced this, the ecstasy of another man clenching hot and tight around him, it was all he could do not spend himself immediately. It was Hux's whine that brings him back from the edge. Barely halfway seated, he has stopped, trembling, panting just as hard as Kylo is. Kylo raised a hand to his back, stroking his skin, and this seemed to restore him. "I knew you'd be good," he said, leaning his weight back to slide further down onto Kylo. "I knew you'd feel so, ah!, so good." Hux's hand pressed against his chest, and Kylo felt the crucifix digging into the skin of his chest. Part of his mind thought to wonder that neither of them are burnt by the contact, or struck down, but this thought disappeared in white hot bliss as Hux gasped and arched, seating himself fully onto Kylo. Kylo felt his body had melted as Hux lifted himself, muscles shifting under Kylo's hands, to move on Kylo's cock. Kylo felt helpless, unwilling to stop this, unable to help, unfit to do anything but watch Hux's hair fall across his face as he dragged himself down, panting silently as he began to ride Kylo. Kylo found himself fascinated by Hux as the pleasure built in his gut. He watched his eyes screw shut in effort and the pinkness of his lips. He traced a bead of sweat drifting down from his temple, and lamented that he could not lean forward to taste it on his skin. He saw Hux raise a hand to sweep back the hair from his face, the sunlight glinting on the streaks of oil left behind as Hux leant back, fingers laced in the hair at the back of his head. Kylo watched all of these things, not realising that his eyes had drifted closed until he felt his breath cut off, and his eyes snapped open in confusion. Hux was smirking at him, and he could feel the man's hand tighten in the cord of his crucifix. "Careful, Father," he crooned, "Some of your congregation might be outside. You don't want to make too much noise." Hux kept his grip tight on the cord as he began to move. Kylo was unaware he had begun to moan at all, but his worship of the creature above him was so absolute he was not willing to protest the accusation, nor struggle to release the pressure on his airway. Hux's grin widened as he watched Kylo gasp against the pressure on his throat, catching his lower lip with his teeth. Kylo found his passion then, gripping Hux's hips hard enough to leave crescent shaped bruises as he began to thrust up into his body. Hux cried out once, then pressed his hand against his mouth to smother his cries, struggling to hold himself upright against the force of Kylo's thrusts, but not once did he loosen his grip on the cord. Kylo hissed through his teeth, feeling his vision darkening at the edges as he struggled towards his cresting pleasure. He lifted one arm to press against Hux's back, pulling him closer so he could bury his face in Hux’s neck. Hux folded gracefully against him, removing the hand from his mouth to whimper against Kylo's ear, clinging to Kylo as his body begins to tremble with his own cresting pleasure. Kylo extended his tongue, finally tasting the sweat on Hux's skin, licking a broad stripe up his neck and jaw, as Hux came undone. His body stiffened in Kylo's arms, the high pitched gasp that rises into silence pulling him over the edge after him, so he found himself arching to press himself against Hux's body as much as he can, crushing the other man's frame to him as the world faded away. He found himself panting as his vision returned, his throat sore from the pressure of the cord around his neck, that same cord now an idle toy between Hux's fingers as he rested against Kylo. His head turned to rest against Kylo's chest, and Kylo found himself wishing that he was naked also as he strokes his hands along Hux's back, so he could feel the sweep of his eyelashes every time he blinked. "Forgive me Father, for I do not regret this." Notes: "Father" and "my child" are used in this fic as traditional forms of address, and are not meant to imply that anyone is underage. With special thanks to my beta G, who had to edit a truly awful amount in this fic, and who will be getting a chapter two as thanks. I'm on tumblr here , come say hi! come join me in damnation.