Size Queen Rumors traveled faster than sound on the Finalizer, which was saying a lot of an otherwise regal and stately war craft. Some were more credible than others: Kylo Ren has an eight pack (Kylo Ren is ripped), Hux is a power bottom, Phasma hates vanilla ice cream, Millicent ate better food than anyone else on board, Matt- the radar technician Matt- was hung like the Universe meant for him to commit murders with his dick. Mercy, often called Techie, a security technician, found this rumor to be one that was most interesting. He also found it to be the one he wanted to be true, whereas generally he didn’t give a bantha’s ass what was going on in the bedrooms (or stomachs?) of other people. And cats. He had tried to suss out the truth himself, by very careful watching of cameras and the best attempts at good timing, but . They were on two different schedules and the cameras were aimed to give troopers and techs privacy, not take it away. Bullshit, that’s what it was. Techie was generally quiet and unassuming, given to nerves and anxiety. There was really only one or to things that brought him down to earth- so to speak- and getting those things could be complex, at best. He knew what he wanted, but articulating that, on channels he couldn’t be one t housand percent sure were secure, with people he couldn’t be one hundred thousand percent sure he could trust, was next to impossible. But this rumor. Matt had been one of the techs that had been helpful when he first came aboard the Finalizer. In fact, Matt had been downright sweet, but they were in different divisions, in different corps, in different areas on the ship, and had not seen much of each other. He was comfortable admitting that this had been disappointing, because Matt was cute and seemed strong. And he had a big nose and big hands and feet- and that. Well. If the rumor was true, he was going to give the green light on this crush and get what he needed to relax and feel good. It was a win-win, with probably another win in there somewhere. If he got his way, he’d be more spoiled than Millicent. He flushed, anticipating; being spread open, Matt’s half undone suit, being full full full. Yes, this was absolutely worth exploring, as nerve-wracking as it may well end up being. Still. (He thought of coming, maybe untouched even, on Matt’s pulsing cock). Worth it. Now, to check more feeds… Chapter 2 : Size Queen P2 Summary: Anonymous said: Size anon again that's a wonderful start hope you write more. Awkward virgin Matt and Size Queen Techie. Please continue if you can. Three weeks later, Mercy was ready. Figuratively and literally. His underwear, for one, were slightly damp from prep, but that was a reminder. Totally worth it. Everything was planned out and he had all the evidence he needed to think that the mission would be a success. Camera H228-B had shown Matt in multiple positions of showing off: Tying the arms of his coveralls around his waist and mopping the sweat from his brow, upper body Adonis-like in its structure. Camera G443-S had shown Matt lifting incomprehensibly heavy weights in the gym, carefully controlling his breathing, glasses temporarily absent. Camera T99-S had given Mercy some particularly amazing shots of Matt losing his temper in a riot of swearing and aggressive hand motions. The swearing especially gave Techie shivers that closely approximated how delighted he would be to hear those words up close. However, the best evidence he had came from the audio pulled from Camera F21-D; another technician and a trooper pausing as they waited for a lift to another level: As long as my fiancee never sees it, am I right?! Right, I try to give guys their privacy, but jesus. He could have anyone he wanted on this fuckin' ship. Absolutely. If I was packing what he has, I'd have three fiancees. [They laugh, the lift arrives. Mercy feels blood rush to his dick; it takes less than two minutes to come, and the sound he makes is an embarrassing prayer: Please, please, pick me pick me, please.] Now, in this moment of truth, he shuffled as quickly as he could toward the level where Matt would be getting off of beta shift and heading to his room. Over the interlink, Matt had already agreed to have Mercy visit, but the security technician was going to arrive sooner than they had planned: He wanted Matt fresh off of working, his hair damp with salt and his skin warm with sweat. Mercy himself was immaculately clean, in preparation, hair done back in a series of braids, so that it wouldn't get in the way of the wet, filthy blowjob he was planning on starting the evening with. His relief, Fia, had commented on how nice it looked, which made him all the more pleased with himself. As he waited for the lift that would bear him to Matt's side, he shot off another message to her: Thank you again for covering this shift. I'm really happy to have the evening cycle off. Fia shot back: Have fun on your date, cookie! Mercy giggled to himself, nerves ramping. Did it count as a date when he planned to skip right to third and fourth base? Matt was just unlocking his door when Mercy rushed up to him, cheeks pink and hands trembling in excitement. “Matt!” he called as he increased his speed, coming up too close and too excited. Matt was sweaty. “Oh, hi, Techie,” Matt sort of grinned in confusion, watching as the panel door slid open with a soft schick . “I wasn't expecting you- so soon?” Mercy bit his lip and slipped inside the room without waiting for an invitation. The other technician's quarters were fairly standard; a space roughly twelve feet wide by fifteen long, part of it reserved for a closet, desk space, and mini-refresher, just large enough to use and wash one's hands inside of. These things were all in a row, just like Mercy's own room. On the opposite wall was the relatively generous bed, blankets and pillows in a rumple, with a trunk for personal items at its foot. Matt appeared to be using what remained of the free space for a non-regulation fish tank and a set of free weights. There was a schedule and a poster with the First Order insignia near the desk. There was a reading light bent over the headboard. It was amazing . Matt followed him in, dropping his work vest on the lid of the trunk while Mercy spun in another slow circle, taking in the little personalized details that adorned a few choice spaces in the room. “I, um, I was going to take a shower, uh, before you got here.” Mercy stopped and looked at Matt's chest. The blonde wasn't out of his coveralls yet. His breath shuddering slightly as he breathed in, Mercy walked up and lay his fingers just over the zipper. “You don't have to do that.” “Um.” Matt's took a half step backward, hitting the door with a gentle thump; his face going warm with the kind of blush Mercy didn't often see. “I'm. Pretty gross from work, though...” Mercy started sliding the zipper down, glancing up at Matt through his lashes: A time-honored flirtation tactic at which he excelled. “Like I said, you don't have to. I like you like this.” Matt was slightly taller, and the strangled laugh that tumbled past his lips hit Mercy's forehead in an exaggerated puff of air. Just as the zipper slid past Matt's collar bones, the blonde jolted as if burned and darted away, farther into the room. Mercy watched as he bent over and started straightening the bed, still chuckling nervously. What? Tactic change. “I like your posters,” Mercy said softly, moving closer but not touching. He pointed to the propaganda piece, “I've never seen this one before.” Matt straightened and cleared his throat; he was right behind Mercy, at a respectable distance, “Yeah? Thank you. Uh, that one was actually made by a friend of mine in Biometrics. She printed maybe fifty, so I'm happy I got one.” The redhead backed up the one and a half steps it took to bump into Matt's chest, his hips. “Sorry,” he murmured, turning to face Matt properly. “I'm just happy to be here, you know?” “Oh. I'm glad,” the radar tech shrugged, “I guess I should at least get out of this.” Mercy watched with wide eyes as Matt went to the closet part of his living wall and kicked his shoes into it. Yes yes yes yes less clothes the better . With as much grace as possible, Mercy arranged himself on the edge of the bed, his legs tucked demurely. He could do subtle. Ish. Matt emerged from the open doors in his black tank, shoving his strong legs into a pair of grey sweatpants. Mercy smiled. “Sorry for throwing your evening off. I just really wanted to be here.” “Oh, yeah, no, it's fine,” Matt blushed again, catching sight of how Mercy leaned partway onto his bed his belly a soft roll pressing against his light shirt. “We've been messaging so long now, I, uh, I wanted you to be here, too.” Nice. Back on track. “Sit here a minute, I'll rub your shoulders.” “Oh, you- don't have to-” Matt shoved his glasses closer to his face, as though he had to focus on what he was seeing, proving it real. Mercy patted the bed, rapid and insistent. “Uh. Okay. If you want. That would actually be really nice.” He sat, gingerly, as though Mercy might instead choose to attack him. It didn't quite add up. Hadn't they been flirting for a week solid? Wasn't Matt the go-to guy for satisfaction of a particular nature? Mercy started lightly before digging his thumbs into Matt's broad trapezius muscles. “Your shoulders are so big.” “Heh, yeah, I, uh, do the same workout the troopers do. I told you that already, didn't I?” “Yeah, I'm still really impressed,” Mercy did what he considered to be straight witchcraft with his hands and began pulling unsuspecting moans out of Matt's throat; his hands were his true weapons, along with his mouth, in getting what he wanted. And he hadn't gotten what he wanted in so long. “Matt,” he whispered, letting his hands trail along the bigger man's spine, “You... Do you like me? I thought you might, from your messages.” The blonde sat up straight, back rigid, muscles moving in a ripple that went straight to Mercy's dick. Oh my god, he's so meaty, holy fuck. Matt swiveled in place, his face open and somewhat concerned. “I. Yeah.” The redhead moved, one smooth, long-legged shift into Matt's lap. He had practiced this maneuver in other avenues, and considered himself to be damn proficient. He was also slightly hard, and he hadn't gotten any signals that outright suggested Matt didn't want him in his lap- just that he was a little nervous, and that was fine. Mercy could work with nervous. “Holy shit,” Matt gasped, hands going immediately to Mercy's soft waist. “You're so big,” Mercy mumbled, rolling his hips just once against Matt's lap. The sweatpants did very little to obscure what Matt had to offer. “I came here for it, Matt, you must know that. I know I'm not the only one. There's talk .” Matt seemed to be short-circuiting, his fingers going tense, relaxed, tense against Mercy's waist, big thumbs just there against his lowermost ribs. His jaw had dropped and he was staring at Mercy's mouth, so Mercy licked his lips and let out a very good approximation of what a good dicking could make his voice do. “They- talk? Who? I don't-” Matt swallowed, his adam's apple clicking from the strain in his neck as he looked up at his guest. “Uh.” “Everybody,” Mercy ran his hands through the back of Matt's hair, tugging the curls so that Matt had to tip his head back. Even his neck showcased his strength. Mercy leaned in tucked a kiss against Matt's pulse. “Everybody who's seen you...” “Techie, I-- Oh, um,” Matt stammered, to the tune of Mercy rolling his hips once again, and bringing his mouth close by Matt's lips, daring him to kiss the breath out of his lungs. “Please? Let me have it, too?” he stopped himself before saying too much: It doesn't have to mean anything; we can just be friends, too; and, most damning: I wouldn't mind if it meant a lot. “Wow, um,” Matt tightened his grip on Mercy's waist and stared at the redhead's damp lower lip. “So we were flirting, hunh?” “Of course we were,” Mercy took pity on him and let his mouth fit against Matt's. His lips were slightly chapped, his upper lip tasting faintly of salt. Oh, god . Matt's hands slid up and caught around Mercy's narrow shoulders, then traveled back down to grip the tops of his thighs. The kiss was wet and heavy and intense , Matt moaning more than Mercy was expecting him to. But it was good, so good. Mercy breathed a needy staccato and dared to suck on Matt's tongue, then released it just to bite Matt's ridiculous lower lip. “Mattie,” he murmured, against his better judgment, and then tried to override the sweetness that had melted his voice with an energetic shove of his ass down into Matt's warm lap. It seemed to work, and oh my god there it is. Under the vague curve of his butt there was the telltale swell of Matt's cock, and it was already shaping up to be earth shattering at the least. “Matt, Matt, can we? Please?” He rubbed up more aggressively, taking advantage of his own soft pants to show off how being in Matt's lap made him feel. Before he could answer, Mercy went back to kissing him, all tongue and teeth and hands grasping at his neck and hair. His tongue swept from one side of Matt's mouth to the other, his teeth singing from the pressure on his gums; when he pulled away Matt's mouth was shiny and his own mouth felt puffy and used. Perfect. “Please?” Matt blinked, lids heavy behind his glasses; he rocked upward, tentative, before he looked down and seeing how Mercy's pants were straining. How his own shaft was pressing too, insistent. He looked up and licked his lips, his face open and shy. “I- I. I don't know what you've heard, uh. I don't really understand, because. I mean. You wouldn't be next. ” Mercy cocked his head, appraising. Matt's hands were still locked on his thighs, his big thumbs braced on Mercy's illiac crests. There might not have been enough blood left to power any synapses that weren't firing to the tune of, Big, more, in, in, more. “Hm?” “I've. Never.” Matt cleared his throat, glancing to the corner of the room as though he were being observed, “Uh. Ever. You'd be the first.” Mercy froze. No. No way . He clapped his hands around Matt's jaw, fighting a surge of panic that should have killed his erection but only served to push it more aggressively toward Matt's flat stomach. He only managed to hiss, “ What. ” Matt flushed between his fingers, glancing back. “Uh. I think the common terminology is. Uh. Virgin. That is. I'm. One. I am.” “You can't be,” Mercy shot back, filter-less. “You- you're too, too attractive .” “I think you might, uh, be the first person to think that.” “Matt!” Mercy shrieked in a kind of stage whisper, “You. Are. Hung. Everyone talks about it.” “Shit, they really do? I thought you were, I don't know. making things up to be nice? Or joking.” Matt shrugged one big shoulder before letting his hands slip away from the thin cotton of Mercy's lounge pants. Mercy almost let him, but even the panic wasn't strong enough to dissuade him from the goal. So he had been wrong. Really wrong. He leaned back but reached for Matt's wrists, pulling him back into a holding position. “Wow,” he whispered, “You. You've never fucked anyone. I can't believe this.” Matt flushed, noticeably and with his tongue bitten between his teeth, at fucked and breathed in. His hips twitched and Mercy, reflexively, clamped his knees more tightly around them. “This isn't goddamn real,” he muttered onward, patting down the blonde curls he still wanted so suck on while Matt, ideally, bent him in half until his knees were earmuffs. “Do you- is it just what you say to people?” “No!” Matt groused, for the first time looking put off by Mercy's rambling. “I wouldn't lie.” “Shit, I'm- I'm sorry,” the redhead dipped down to kiss Matt's forehead, his cheek, “You're just. Unbelievably hot, okay? And. Shit. I haven't. Uh.” “You're a virgin, too?” He couldn't help the full-body snort that rocketed out of him, “Um, no. Not even a little bit.” Leaning in, he took a breath and then let it out against Matt's ear; he could work with this. Change of tactic. “I've never done it with a virgin,” he whispered. Matt shivered underneath him, the press of his cock reawakening against Mercy's ass. “You still want to?” Matt mumbled, his sweet brown eyes dark with misgiving, though he had begun, possessively, to wrap his arms around the redhead's back, and had, perhaps experimentally, tugged on the end of his red braid. “I, uh, probably won't be any good.” “I'll lead,” Mercy rolled his hips, this time with more verve and more of a snap to his spine , “You'll figure it out- promise.” Matt whined, deep in the back of his throat, and nodded- as enthusiastic as a puppy. He could work with that.