Till the Lights Go Out “I see his face. I see it when I close my eyes, I see it when I’m out at the grocery store looking for eggs at three in the morning. I see it in the looks my boyfriend gives me when he wants me, and I come out of the bedroom dressed only in my underwear. I see it in the looks that the Chief gives me, knowing that I was sleeping with her son, and that somehow I’m to blame for his incarceration.” Rey took a deep, shuddering breath, staring down at the way her hands folded up in her lap. “I see it in the case files I’m being handed every other day.” “You’ve made a string of arrests, all of them progressively getting quicker and quicker,” the man sitting opposite her said, looking down his nose at where she was sitting, her own file in his hands. “I’d say you’re coping rather well.” Her face was hard as she turned to stare at him, her eyes narrowed in irritation. Didn’t he get it? “Wouldn’t you, if the last person you were fucking was killing people in some sort of bullshit way of showing you how much he cared?” -- She made it to the police station a couple minutes later than she would’ve liked, coffee in hand for herself and for Finn. They had another case that they were determined to crack today, one that really shouldn’t have taken them so long, but Leia had insisted on Rey taking an extra break after her last psych eval. Apparently, she wasn’t taking the whole “Ben Solo having been a murder who she’d slept with” all that well. Six months had passed since he’d been put away, and that she was still having nightmares wasn’t, according to the RPD therapist on call, a good sign. He called it her survivor’s guilt, something that apparently all police officers went through when they found out that they’d known the perpetrator. She’d been assured multiple times that it wasn’t unusual that she was feeling guilty about the whole situation, but the continuous manifestation in her dreams was unsettling, according to his notes. Leia was pushing for her to take a longer break, Rey was pushing for another case to be added onto her load as soon as this one was done. She had taken the mandatory week and a half off when the news had first come out, had disappeared for Ben’s court date, and since she’d come back she hadn’t stopped working. Jess had stopped asking what was happening on account of Rey hardly ever being home, choosing instead to stay with Hux. He didn’t ask questions like the rest of them did. Even Finn’s unsure gaze, which leveled on her now, was getting on her nerves. “Brought you coffee,” Rey said with a small smile as she extended a hand to Finn, who was looking over the files on his desk. “You find anything else about the girl’s family that could indicate foul play?” He accepted the steaming beverage with a small murmur of thanks before shaking his head. “Not a one thing. Parent’s alibis check out, the brother was away at a friend’s for the night--eyewitnesses keep him there for the remainder of the evening. If we want to keep it in the family line of questioning, we’d need to start looking at her extended family. Grandparents are dead, but uncle and aunt live right down the road from them. They’ve been out of town for a couple weeks, without any forwarding address, so maybe that’s our best bet.” Rey was quiet as she perused the files he’d offered her in exchange for the coffee, looking over the face of a paunchy looking man and his wife, who looked as though she might be his sister. The resemblance was really something else. She bit her bottom lip. “Any priors? Have you tried running plates?” “Waiting on the results for the latter, and one, for her. She was accused of having stalked an ex boyfriend, had a restraining order, but that was a state away. He stayed, she moved here with her new husband from what I can gather.” “So nothing that would put them as prime suspects for a kidnapping,” Rey murmured. “Another dead end. Well, let’s go see what the family can tell us about them while we’re waiting for the plates.” An all encompassing chill ran down her spine as soon as the words were out, and felt her heart stutter. She knew this feeling, and her eyes had just skirted to the Chief’s office, where Leia and Han were standing looking cross at one another, as another figure stepped through the door. Despite Rey having just seen him, her therapist’s assistant stood in the doorway. His eyes were bloodshot, and Rey could smell the liquor on him from across the room. His hand trembled in the brown paper bag it’d been stuffed inside, and no sooner had Rey screamed “GET DOWN!” than she saw the arm clench. She had just enough time to grab Finn and throw him underneath her, the pair of them disappearing behind her desk, before the world around her trembled and exploded in a fury of noise and heat. The very foundation of the building seemed to quake, as though the tremors went further than just the firmament. The air was scalding, burning her throat as ashes rained down with the rest of the hell that had once been her place of employment, and the steel of her desk had all but molded to her and Finn’s body’s. Sirens blared, her eyes burned as she struggled to open them, and something thick coated the base of her neck when she moved her hand to examine the bizarre trickling sensation happening there. Leia, Han. Finn . Beneath her, her partner twitched and coughed, determinedly alive and shaking as he looked up and around, as dazed as she was. They shared a look, one of shared purpose to ensure that the other was not hurt, before jumping to their feet and entering the bedlam of activity around them. There was nothing left of the assistant but a black stain of ash and human residue, a smoldering wreckage behind that promised an investigation once things got a little less crazy. If things got a little less crazy. The textured glass of Leia’s office had cracked but not broken, and she and Han were relatively unhurt, though it took some shouting on Leia’s behalf to convey this to Rey. The explosives had been severe enough to leave a crater, but not to blast the building to bits. There was a great deal of cosmetic injury, and those who’d been closest and hadn’t taken Rey’s warning into account fast enough had been injured. She watched Finn wrap a tourniquet around a man’s stump of a leg, blood pooling fast and thick beneath him as his mouth opened in silent screams, before she ran to assist one of the other men who’d been nearest the door. The bomber’s name had been Mikael, and up until then he’d had no previous signs of depression, suicidal tendencies, or anger towards anyone in the RPD. He’d been a model employee, always early, stayed late to assist, was friendly enough whenever Rey had talked to him before and after meetings. Frankly, she’d preferred him to the man she was forced to see. The extra case that Rey had been begging for, it seemed, had all but fallen into her lap. Hux hadn’t waited for her to come home before meeting her. He’d been offsite, the First Order having been called in for an extraction of a family whose father was a firm believer in his right to bear arms, and who had since just discovered that his children were not, in fact, his own. She’d never so much as had the inkling that he’d want to announce their relationship to the public, new though it was, but as soon as he was close enough he wrapped his arms tightly around her and buried his face in the crook of her neck. He didn’t choke on the scent of ash and burnt flesh, but rather embraced it as part of who she was. “Fuck. I heard the news--only after it’d happened. You’re okay?” “Two deaths,” Rey choked. “One of our own--Lawrence, and Mikael, the bomber. Hux. I knew him.” I saw him, she didn’t say, though she wanted to. In the split second before the bomb had gone off she’d zeroed in on the man’s dark hair, the same wide built frame and thought--maybe she was getting worse. Maybe she wasn’t improving as much as she’d hoped. Maybe improving wasn’t something she could do any more of. Her stomach jolted at that, and Hux’s arms wrapped tighter around her as she inhaled shakily. “I’m glad you’re alright,” he whispered against her neck, and she nodded. So was she. When she’d seen Mikael she hadn’t been so sure--had thought certainly, there wouldn’t be an issue, not like that . He’d seemed fine just that morning. Had he been planning it then, when she’d walked past him to get into her therapist’s office? They’d yet to find out how sophisticated, or unsophisticated, his bomb was--it obviously wasn’t meant to do more than get rid of him (but why? Suicide didn’t seem like his sort of solution)--but if the target was the police force as a whole . . . he’d done a really shitty job. Hux’s hand wrapped around hers, and he pulled her out of the building and towards his car. She didn’t have to ask to know where it was he was driving them to. It was where she’d been staying for the past few months, Rey unable to sleep in her own. She had her own key, anyway, all that was left was to let her lease run out with Jessika and she’d be free to . . . to what? Move out? Move on ? It wasn’t Jessika’s fault that Rey associated everything with Ben Solo, now, wasn’t her fault that Rey was too paranoid to return back to her old apartment for more than a couple minutes for fear that somehow, some way, he’d track her down and find her there. The last thing she wanted was for Jess to end up hurt because of her, so she’d just . . . fallen off the face of the map. They hung out occasionally, but she’d be moving out by the time their lease was up just to free Jess from having to worry about having a nonexistent roommate anymore. Hux had already promised her it was more than okay for her to move in all the way with him. He’d understood, been more than understanding about the whole situation. After all, he’d been just as taken in by Ben as she had been, having assumed that--for as crooked as the First Order could be, he’d at least still been a decent human being, not the killer that he’d turned into. They didn’t talk about it anymore. She was keen to leave the shadow of Ben Solo behind her as long as she could, even if his ghost wouldn’t extend the same courtesy to her. Once inside the apartment, Hux grabbed her a beer and a change of clothes, offering her up the shower if she wanted to get the grime of her day off. Wordlessly she tugged him inside with her, their movements flurried in her haste to press her skin to his, to feel his beating heart underneath her fingertips. To press his hands to her chest and make sure, make damn sure, that she was still herself. She let herself be pushed up against the cool tile wall, the contrasting temperature welcome in comparison to the nearly boiling water that spouted from above, as he lifted her up into his arms and slid into her. With the wall taking the brunt of her weight, she clung to the upper lip of the shower, hands digging into the tile hard enough to crack her nails and make the well worn callouses of her fingers ache. Their lips barely met, mouths hanging open to gasp for air as he fucked into her as hard as he could. His grip on her waist left bruises, his open mouth kissed her throat to leave more bruises along her collarbone, and in a matter of minutes she could focus on little more than the push and pull of his cock within her, the press of his body against hers. They couldn’t maintain that position forever, his body built for quick sprinting and carefully positioned shots, not bodily lifting another person up from the ground for an extended period of time. Before he went too far he slid out of her, set her feet back on the ground, and turned her around. With one hand on the small of her back, he used his other to guide his cock back into her. The hand that’d held her back snaked its way upwards into her hair, tugging so that she gasped, every other thrust of his punctuated with the sound of skin slapping against skin. She lost herself in the sound, in the pressure and perfect give and take that she’d since become familiar with. It was enough to wipe away the cobwebs of her day, enough to make her blissful and boneless in his grip as she came around him with a quiet whimper that made her flush. He followed suit a couple minutes later, the length of his body covering hers as he shuddered and held her against him. “Feel better?” he murmured in her ear, licking a slow stripe of water that’d curled its way down just behind her earlobe. She hummed and nodded, allowing him to finish taking care of her before they made it to the kitchen. Her beer had gone warm, but her brain was working again. Wordlessly, she pulled out the case files to go over while Hux pulled out take out menus, ordering Chinese while she worked, her order circled and well worn from the many times they’d done this already. Cooking was overrated. “My question,” she said over a bite of spicy vegetable lo mein nearly an hour later, her eyes snaking upwards from her chopsticks to Hux. “Why bomb the police station? There was no note, we didn’t receive any tip offs, any threats, demands, nothing. He was crying the whole time, which would be consistent with him being emotionally unstable, but it wasn’t even a good bomb, all things considered.” Hux snorted, his bright eyes on hers. “Describe a good bomb to me.” “One that effectively levels the building it was intended to, along with everyone inside of it. This didn’t even set off our fucking fire alarms until a few seconds had passed. It injured two people, but only killed Lawrence and Mikael. So why make a statement without an actual statement in hand?” Hux’s brow furrowed as her words computed. “You checked back at his place of employment, his home?” “All clean. We’re waiting on a subpoena for his medical records and phone records, but I’m willing to bet we’re not gonna find much. He doesn’t have any priors--fuck. We’re just missing something.” Again. Her head was spinning. She’d been doing so well, focusing on the work at hand and putting the pieces together to avoid looking at the jagged edges of what had once been her somewhat normal life, but this? This had her floundering all over again. Her skin crawled with familiarity. “I just don’t feel like this was his plan. I don’t think he wanted to. The look on his face--. I think he was pushed into doing it for some reason or another.” “By?” Hux had stopped with a bite of thai spiced pork on the way to his mouth, but was now lowering it. “Some enemy of the RPD’s? Wouldn’t have been someone angry at the FO. It’s public knowledge we’ve got a separate wing, and it wouldn’t be hard to navigate the way there.” “Exactly. So, someone’s gunning for the police, or at least trying to make it look like they are.” Her head whirled, and she took another bite of her food to give herself some time, some silence with which she could try and navigate the strange circumstances. She started to jot down notes in the corner, reminding herself to look for affiliates, family members, friends, anyone who might’ve been screwed over by the department in the last couple years. This felt like a last minute plan, given how poorly executed the whole thing was, yet at the same time she wasn’t about to put her money down on that just yet. There was more to it she just wasn’t seeing and with all her ideas written out in the margins at least she knew she’d have somewhere to go. It felt good, the semblance of a plan. Felt productive. Along with her full stomach and the ease in her bones from her and Hux fucking it was enough to call it a day. Her phone went off what felt like minutes after she’d fallen into bed, and Hux groaned at her side as she shifted to reach for it, thumbing over to unlock it. “M’yeah?” she asked, stifling a yawn. “This is Rey.” “Rey,” Chief Organa-Solo’s voice came in hard as steel on the other end, no trace amounts of exhaustion to be found. The tone scrubbed away any semblance of sleep Rey might’ve had left in her body. “I need you to come in. Just you. There’s been a new development.” Rey was already sitting up, getting out of bed on aching feet and sloppily shoving her jeans onto her legs with one hand. “No Finn?” “Not yet. Can you be at the station in twenty?” “Twenty tops, promise,” she affirmed. Leia didn’t give another answer, clicking off instead. “Work? Already?” Hux sat up on his elbows, his eyes following her. “Didn’t think you were on call--.” “‘M not. But I’m not gonna let the Chief down.” She bent over to kiss him as she fastened her bra behind her back, then tugged on a shirt. “See you later.” “Be safe.” She made no guarantees other than she’d try. She wasn’t stupid enough to make those sort of promises anymore. Notes: I'd love to hear your comments and thoughts on the piece! I'm not sure what my posting schedule will be like, but I'm going to do my best to AT LEAST update monthly. Fingers crossed. Come say hi on tumblr and let me know what you thought! Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 4 of the Opia!Verse series