The Girl A loud boom tore through the calm whispers of the jungle night nearly bursting it's way into the metal shelter. The girl inside found her heart beating and her ears bombarded with the cry of creatures. She knew all the noises of the island. She knew what normal was and the loud boom, the roar in the distance, wasn't it. It sounded like no creature she had ever heard before...or maybe she had heard it before… The sky was too gray, too dark, for her to see any possibility of a source. All she could do once she got outside the shelter was to grab her makeshift spear and force her way to the trees. The noises surrounded the entire island, making it impossible for her to decide what direction to go in. Yet when she looked up at the sky, she could have sworn to have caught a glimpse of a tiny yellow flash in the sky to her right. So she opted for that direction. She was forced to stop when the roar got so loud, it almost sounded like a screech. She covered her ears. What if it was that flash in the sky and what if it was hurtling towards the island? It made her remember something about falling stars. Someone had told her about them long ago...how you could make wishes on them. She didn't know such star could make such a horrible noise but still she relented, dropping to her knees and silently wishing on that flash of light that it didn't fall onto her "home". After a minute, a sudden and disturbing silence. She uncovered her ears and thought she had gone deaf...until she heard the waves, and the wind, and the nightly rituals of the creatures again. It wasn't right. None of it. You don't ignore a noise like that and expect everything to be fine again. So the girl had no choice but to make her way to the beach. Strange enough, the sky began to clear again giving her enough light to investigate. She used to love the beach...she used to love sitting in the sand looking out to the sea and waiting. That was back when she had hope, when she wasn't alone. She saw the sticks coming out of the sand. The graveyard. She hadn't been back to this part of the island in a long time. Not because she was scared, but because of the painful memories, the painful reminder of how things were at her earliest. There weren't as many sticks as before, a side effect of the makeshift graves being too close to the tides. Past the graves, she could see it...a strange long black mess that had become washed up on the shore. It didn't resemble any creature that she had seen on the island, or in her dreams. Yet as she approached the seemingly unmoving mess, it was taking on a shape she had only seen in her reflection and in her "reading material". She turned it over and saw a human face. A man. A pale face with a streak of red when the rest of him was adorned in black. Remembering people was something the girl had a hard time with. She tried to keep the thought of seeing one ever again from her mind, yet she knew that there was a whole world of them outside existing and living in a life outside of her own. It made her feel so forgotten all this time. For a brief moment, she had a foolish hope that the man came for her but it couldn't be. She had been here too long and wouldn't be recognizable anymore. Besides, what did she have to go back to? The man resembled something found in dreams and in stories with his unusual dress and his unusual black silky curly hair. But the streak the girl recognized right away as blood. The man was hurt. Had he really come from that boom, from that flash in the sky? Was he even from this planet at all? Perhaps it wouldn't matter. He seemed dead. Then the girl flinched. She could have sworn that there was movement in his face. It was hard to tell with all the blood. She thought that maybe something back at her shelter would help but she would have to get the man there. So after much struggling, she managed to pick him up by the arms and drag the stranger backwards into the jungle. Thank god, the ground was smooth and sandy. The girl dropped the man carelessly just at the entrance to the shelter. Amongst her piles of useful and useless things was her “reading material”, much of which she couldn't use due to her lack of reading ability. She learned to rely on pictures more than words. In the pocket behind a word out seat was a large folding yellow card showing pictures of a person pressing hands against the chest of another person. She wondered if maybe this would help. After using some clothes to wipe the blood from the man's face, she then proceeded to copycat was she was seeing the people do in the pictures. It seemed gross. Having to put her lips to the man's and seemingly breathe in. She even had to open his mouth too. Yet she started tasting something other than blood as her lips touched is. It frightened her and yet it fascinated her at the same time. The man had really soft lips. Chapter 2 : The Man Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) He felt something pressing down on his chest. The ocean? The wreckage? He knew he was dead. The plane exploding and breaking apart in midair made sure of that. Now he felt air being forced down his throat. The chest pain and the airflow went on like a pattern. He wanted to stop it but he was too weak to get his body to work. His lips taste of blood and something soft yet familiar. The vision was blurry but he could see it. Another human being and she was performing CPR on him. 'Thank god' , he thought. His lifesaver gasped as soon as he did. Much to his relief, the man was now breathing normally again. But now all he wanted to do was sleep. He felt her fingers touching his cheek, a comforting assurance. Soon he would be in a hospital. Soon his nightmare would be over. The last thing he wondered when he close his eyes was why he wasn't hearing any sirens. … His back was sore. He wasn't sleeping in a hospital bed. That was for sure. Instead, he was sleeping on a pile of broken chairs. Then he looked around and saw all the vine-covered metal enclosing in his space. Was he in a junkyard? No, it was a plane, he assumed his plane, despite the fact that he could have sworn being blown out during the initial chaos. This part of the plane must have dropped on him somehow without crushing him. Aside from the birds and the wind, there was no other noise. And he wanted so badly to investigate because the lack of human voices was terribly unsettling. Once he got his head together about what happened, he had to accept that there was no rescue...and quite possibly, no other survivors… ...footsteps… The man tried to get up, but the pain in his body wouldn't allow it. Maybe this time, it really was rescue. He didn't expect anyone else who had been on the plane to be competent enough to help him in this situation. The small door opened to his right letting in much needed light. “Here,” he moaned. The figure at the door paused. He lifted his head and could recognize the woman as the same one who had given him CPR. She didn't look professionally dressed. In fact, she looked horrendous with her hair tied in 3 messy buns...hair that hadn't been washed in god knows how long. She was wearing torn clothing that she was clearly too small for and not even shoes. He remembered no young women like her on his plane. What the hell was going on here? He dropped his head back but the girl continued her cautious approach carrying in her hand half of a shelled fruit. “Eat?” Did he hear her right? “What? No…,” he said. “I need help.” The girl ignored him and scooping up some of the fillings from the fruit, she smeared the fruit on his lips causing the man to jerk up and spit out. It tasted like mango and he hated mangoes. “What the?” He started coughing out the rest. She was nearly taken aback by the man's quick movements. “Where am I?” The girl was staring at him not knowing how to answer that. "Plane?" "What? No, I know it's a plane. I mean where are we at? What country? What city?" She clearly had no idea. After a few moments of silence she finally said "island". 'Great' , he thought. “I don't suppose there are other people around?” “You're a man?” she asked him. He was now trying to sit up and ease his sore back. “What kind of question is that? Of course I'm a man.” “Are there people?” she asked him. Enough of this. “I asked you that! Stop messing around and go get help you crazy woman!!!” He yelled it so loud, that the girl stumbled back causing the plane to echo when her bum hit the ground. Instead of getting up again, the girl started curling up into a ball and crying. What kind of girl was this? She was clearly too old to be behaving like a child. He could only conclude that maybe she was special needs or mentally ill. But if that had been the case, how was she able to perform CPR on him? He had almost forgotten that she saved his life. Way to be an asshole about it. “I'm...I'm sorry,” he said. He decided to finally get away from his makeshift bed and was kneeling by the girl's side. From here he got a better idea of his surroundings. Nothing about this plane looked familiar and seemed old...very old from all the greenery. This wasn't his plane. Yet somehow he was here. “Are you...are you alone here?” he asked her. The girl looked up at him, wiping away the tears from her eyes. She didn't give any response to that. Rather, she got up and went to the back of the plane to gather a few items. When she returned she laid them on the floor in a semi circle. There was an old teddy bear, a makeshift doll with a coconut head, and then there was a wallet with a photo exposed. The photo seemed rather faded and he couldn't make much out of it other than a few human faces. He sighed. “I see now.” The girl really was alone...on this island...which he was also trapped in now… They were both screwed. Notes: The next chapter will involve our two characters learning more about each other. Stay tuned.