I wish... Sarah froze, with her hand on the handle of the door. "Aah," she moaned helplessly. "I wish the goblins would come and take you away ..." She paused. The goblins were so still, you could have heard a snail blink. " ... right now," Sarah said. In the goblins' nest, there was an exhalation of pleasure. "She said it! " Ben Organa Ben pushed open the door with a mighty force, and Leia came zooming into the room after him. “Ben Organa, you can’t do this-“ “I can, and I have.” He replied in a monotone, kicking off his shoes and leaving them in the centre of the room. Ben’s Old English sheepdog BB-8 wagged his tail, grabbing one of his shoes and coating it with slobber. Leia dumped her bag on a chair and shoved the other shoe away with her heel. She looked furious, a few strands of hair falling from the normally pristine pair of buns on her head. “Don’t you need written permission to drop out of school? You can’t just-“ “It’s done,” he waved a hand nonchalantly and began to wonder if there were any peaches left in the fridge. “I’m eighteen, mom. I can do what I want now, legally. Morally.” Ben opened the fridge door and peered inside. The servant, Mr. Threepio, always had it stocked to the brim with whatever they wanted. There was one peach left, and he grabbed it eagerly. Leia’s face was flushed red at this point. Ben walked lazily to the counter and leaned against it. Leia’s eye contact was unwavering, but he noticed her hands starting to shake with that rage that he too shared. There was rarely a peaceful moment in this house, their tempers always flaring against one another, pushing each other away. “Ben,” she began reasonably. “You have one semester left. Practically just your exams, and then you’ll be out of there.” “I don’t need grades, mom. We have money,” he threw the peach up in the air and caught it in one hand. “Where on earth did you get that attitude?” she snarled, grabbing the fruit from him. “Why can’t you just stay a semester more? What changed?” “I’m meant for more than this. School was always just a way to pass the time. I tired of it.” “You’re smarter than this, Ben.” Leia reached up and swept his dark locks back from his face. “Han Solo didn’t finish high school.” Ben knew he had said too much before he had even finished. Leia wrenched back, scowling. “Really? You’re going to look to your father for inspiration now? Good luck with that.” After everything I’ve done , he could see her thinking. Her hands trembled as she fumbled in her bag for her car keys. “By the way, Rey is coming over soon. You can look after her tonight. God knows it might teach you some sense of what it’s like to have some responsibility.” Ben groaned. He pictured her impish eyes, alight with mischief, and her sticky 8-year-old fingers. The way she always seemed to bring dirt into the house. She was an orphan, but as part of her job Leia ran a school for gifted children, and instead of leaving her in the boarding house Rey often stayed with them. Ben couldn’t determine anything that made Rey worthy of the term ‘gifted’, but then, he never really understood what it was that his mom did , and he didn’t care enough to ask. Rey loved Leia, but Ben couldn’t stand the sight of her. He usually made himself scarce when she was around. “Don’t leave me with that little brat. I’d rather go back to school for a semester than deal with her for one night-“ “Too bad, seems like you’ve made your choice,” Leia snapped, throwing her bag over one shoulder and slamming the door behind her. He heard her reverse out of the drive and speed down the street. Ben massaged his forehead, suddenly come down with a headache. Despite this, he found it calming to blast Vengeance by Woe, Is Me in the lounge room, reclining on the couch with BB-8 at his feet. He pretended to ignore the doorbell, which didn’t escape his notice over the loud music. Slowly, he opened one eye and saw Rey pressed against the windows, making faces at him. The social worker rang the bell a second time, as Rey made a particularly grotesque expression by pressing her nose against the glass and pouting her mouth like a fish. Sighing, Ben reluctantly switched the music off. He opened the door to the social worker’s sour expression. “Your mother said you would take charge of Rey for today,” she said, pursing her lips with disdain. He stared at her. “No, I don’t remember that conversation-,” he replied. Ben eyed her nametag. “- Sandra .” “She said you’d say that. Sign here, please,” she shoved a clipboard into his hands. Ben sighed, taking another look at Rey as she practised handstands against the wall, scuffing the white paint with her shoes. He rolled his eyes and signed on the dotted line. He had to sign for her, like she was some package he never asked for. Rey squealed in excitement and ran into the house before Ben could ask her to remove her shoes. Afterwards, he decided that was probably for the best. He couldn’t wait for Leia to return and see the mess she’d created. Maybe Rey would never be invited back. She was always on her best behaviour with his mom around. Ben smiled, suddenly enthusiastic. “Great, well, I’ll see you later!” He saluted her and abruptly slammed the door in her face. He made his way back to the couch and turned on the TV. Rey was fiddling around in the kitchen. He hoped she’d found the spaghetti in the fridge. Sure enough, she plopped next to him on the cream coloured couch and was shovelling pasta into her mouth, oblivious to the red sauce dripping between her fingers and staining its surface. “Do they not feed you at the orphanage?” “Spaghetti is my favourite,” she managed through mouthfuls, grinning at him. He cringed and shifted away. “You should wipe your hands,” he suggested. She looked around for a napkin and when none could be found, swiped her hands down the couch. Ben sniggered. “What’s so funny?” when he didn’t answer her, Rey settled on the couch with her hands under her knees. “Will you play hide and seek with me?” Ben rolled his eyes and flicked through the channels. “I have a better game. I’ll sit here and watch TV and you do whatever you want.” Rey paused, considering. “Anything?” “Yep,” he replied disinterestedly. “Anything. Leia has lots of lipstick in her drawer.” After a minute or two she slid off the couch and he could see her galloping up the stairs from the corner of his eye. Ben grinned; thinking about how spaghetti food stains would look splattered across Leia’s predominately white bedroom. Serves her right. He frowned deeply when he heard a crash from right above his head. Shit. I forgot to lock my door. Ben leapt to his feet and ran up the stairs as fast as his long legs could carry him just as his bedroom door was swinging closed. He stopped it with his hand. Rey was holding it in her hands. His grandfather’s helmet. “Drop that right now.” He said coolly, despite the anger bubbling up inside him at the sight of her. “Put it on the ground.” Rey made a face and begun to put it on her head instead. Ben rushed towards her and wrenched it from her hands. “Hey! You said I could do anything-“ “Not in my room, you idiot! Get out. Now!” Rey looked like she was about to cry. As she turned, he noticed the Resistance fighter doll in her pocket. As if feeling the intensity of his gaze, she turned around. In one movement, she held it in her arms, cradled to her chest. Ben seethed as he took in the image of someone else touching it. “Give that back.” “I want to play with him. You’re too old to play with dolls, anyway.” Rey hugged it tighter to her chest and Ben felt himself begin to shake with anger. She was right, he was far too old to care about any kind of doll. But he remembered the day Han had put it into his hands. He told him it’d protect him. And that was the last day... Ben shook his head, embarrassed to feel tears pricking the corners of his eyes. Even in front of this insignificant slip of a girl, it felt wrong to show any kind of emotion about... him. The father who didn’t care enough to stick around. Ben remembered their last phone conversation a few years back. Dad, do you remember that doll you gave me? Luke? He’d been fingering its nametag, worn from all the hours he’d spent touching it. Hugging it. Imagining it really was some kind of talisman to protect him from harm while Han was away. Han’s deep chuckle had filtered through the line, as if he remembered. What are you talking about, kid? A doll? I don’t think I ever gave you a doll. He had snorted in derision. He didn’t even remember it. Ben had hung up immediately, but he kept the phone close to his ear far longer than was necessary. He never knew why - there was no one on the other end. “Rey, give me the fucking doll,” Rey flinched when he swore. She ran towards the door, ducking around him as he tried to grab her. He swore again under her breath. Ben remembered the book Rey tried to get Leia to read last time she was over. About the goblin king. “Rey,” he said, trying to remain calm. “Rey, remember that story about the goblin king who steals babies?” He could see where she’d hidden in a small space beneath a table in the hall. She had curled in on herself, hugging Luke tightly to her chest. He straightened himself again, stepping closer to where she was. “What are the words? Goblin King, Goblin King-“ “Don’t.” “Wherever you may be – take this child of mine far away from me.” He said it quietly, threateningly, and he heard Rey begin to cry. “I’m not a baby,” she mumbled. “The goblin king only takes babies.” Gritting his teeth, Ben returned to his room, slamming the door behind him. He made a show of locking the door as loudly as possible, and once that was done, let his rage out on his surroundings. It doesn’t matter , he thought, as he swung a baseball bat into his bookshelf. The books tumbled into a heap on the floor, spilling out around his feet. He yelled as he tore the curtains down, kicked his stack of CDs that had been so meticulously stored in alphabetical order. He opened the photo album he, for some inexplicable reason, always kept under his bed, and began ripping each page out, tearing images of his grandparents, of his mother, of Han. He stood in the middle of the room, shoulders heaving as he breathed in, absorbing the sudden quiet. His hands flexed, wishing he had the doll so he could finally destroy it, like he’d tried to so many times before. Instead, he grabbed his grandfather’s helmet and collapsed on his bed, suddenly too tired to cry. After a few minutes, he heard a timid knock at the door. “Ben? Ben, I’m sorry. You can have the doll.” “I wish the goblin king would take you away, right now!” he yelled in her general direction - childish words to scare a child. He brought his grandfather’s helmet closer to his chest. Rey was quiet. Suddenly, there was a bang. Ben sat up in alarm. “Rey?” From his spot on the bed, he could see flashes of light under the door. Whispers like a thousand scratches against his mind emanated from somewhere beyond. “What the hell are you d-“ The door burst open in flashes of light so bright that Ben brought his arms up to cover his face. He scrambled backwards as a figure drew towards him, tall and imposing, a hideous wrinkled face and eyes black as tar. “Y-you’re him, aren’t you? The goblin king?” Ben managed, mouth agape. Part of him knew he shouldn't believe this was possible, but he couldn't imagine how anyone could look upon this creature and not believe the immensity of his power. The creature laughed, a coughing, hollow thing, as though he had never experienced real joy in his life. “No, my dear boy - Grand Septon Snoke. It has been... such a long time... since the goblin city was ruled by a king,” his expressionless eyes flit across the room, lingering on the helmet in Ben’s hands. Something about the way he carried himself drew Ben’s attention, as if power emanated from his every move. “You speak as if you know who I am,” Ben observed with a gulp he tried to hide, slowly setting the mask down on the bed and rising in a single movement. “Naturally. You know who I am. We have conversed often, about the possibilities that run through your blood. The endless possibilities of darkness that stretch from your past all the way into your future,” Snoke gestured widely with a long, slim arm. “I can offer you your dreams, if only you will take hold of them.” Ben frowned. Every night, the voice in his head had comforted him, caressing his mind with thoughts of safety and security and... power. It had told him that he was destined for more than this, more than an unappreciative mother and a father who didn’t love him. Oh , the darkness called, you have a place here, with us . Ben had thought he was going mad, but he didn’t say a thing about it because he liked it. He liked to walk through life feeling as though he were destined for something, something that could come any day, an inevitable crown of glory just waiting to be taken. Someday , he used to think; someday I’ll get out of this prison . “Yes,” he said quickly with newfound comprehension. “I remember you. I remember what you said.” A slow smile crept across Snoke’s features, sending a shiver down Ben’s spine. There was such a careless majesty about the gesture, and he felt a longing to be the same. Snoke turned to pace around the room and suddenly Ben’s eyes caught on a picture he hadn’t destroyed yet, framed on the wall. He and his mother at his 10th birthday party. The thought of Leia brought him back to the present. “I... I didn’t mean to wish her away. Rey. I want you to bring her back,” he said quickly, almost regretting he had to. The girl was annoying, true, but she didn’t deserve this. Leia didn’t deserve this. He remembered the story, Leia read it to him often as a child, and it never ended well for the children who were stolen. They were turned into goblins, slaves. Snoke almost looked surprised. “You have compassion for her?” Ben almost said no straight away, for risk of disappointing this man, but he couldn’t quite figure out why it mattered so much. “I just... it’s not right. It was a mistake.” Snoke clicked his tongue on the roof of his mouth. “Forget about the girl, go back to your... relics and trinkets...” Ben’s face flamed as Snoke eyed the helmet and the ripped photographs on the floor. “I can’t,” Ben said helplessly. “I appreciate what you’re offering, but... she must be scared, she’s just a kid. And my mother, she’d... never forgive me.” He was surprised, he’d spent so many hours convincing himself he didn’t give a damn about either of his parents. Snoke stared at him a moment, unmoving. “Interesting,” was all he said. Ben refused to break eye contact. He had to get Rey back. I’m not a monster , he thought. I couldn’t just leave her there alone . Something of a sneer was tugging at Snoke’s lips, as though he could read Ben’s thoughts. “You have thirteen hours to complete the labyrinth. If you succeed, you may return here with Rey and continue this... drab and disappointing existence,” Snoke grimaced as he surveyed the ruins of Ben’s room once more. “If you fail... you will receive a crown and a kingdom.” Ben stiffened. “You want me to be the Goblin King? But... why?” It didn’t sound like a punishment. If anything, it sounded desirable. Everything he had dreamed about, calling to him, and all he had to do was lose the challenge. Snoke smiled, “because I see your potential. I know you won’t fail me.” * * * Leia returned to the house the following afternoon following a panicked call from the caseworker. She had stayed overnight at work, troubled by Ben’s behaviour but too obstinate to even call him. When Sandra had called, asking about Rey, mentioning that she couldn’t reach Ben, Leia felt panic deep in her gut. “Ben?” she called up the stairs. She pushed open his door, which was still ajar. He was gone. Notes: Okay so... to emphasise... Snoke is NOT the Goblin King. I was inspired by this tumblr meta (http://verysharpteeth.tumblr.com/post/137216160971) “So Snoke was watching our son.” “Always,” she told him. “From the shadows, in the beginning, even before I realized what was happening, he was manipulating everything, pulling our son toward the dark side.” There are hints in Labyrinth that Jareth has known Sarah since before she became aware of him, so I guess I borrowed that element and applied it to this situation and it’s.... creepy, but I assure you this ain’t Snoke/Kylo fic, thank god... This fic is reuploaded from my other account (other account is mostly X Files... figure I'd keep Reylo stuff to this account! It's been a while since I updated but I'm working on the second chapter and it should be up soon). I got great responses to the other one - sorry guys for taking so long. Next chapter: 10 year timejump!