Runaway Rey woke with a start, jolted from her sleep by another nightmare. For the past two weeks, bad dreams had plagued her. Memories of what she and her friends had been through on that hellish planet, variations on what could have been if things had gone differently. Tonight she’d dreamt that she was the only survivor, doomed to wander by herself, fighting the corpses every day, for all eternity. She knew she wasn’t the only one having nightmares. Finn and Poe weren’t doing well either, she could tell. They were usually talkative, nearly impossible to shut up sometimes, but ever since they’d returned, they’d both been uncharacteristically quiet. It wasn’t as though they had many people to talk to – the three of them had been mostly avoiding crowds, or really anyone that wasn’t each other. It was all too overwhelming still, after everything that had happened. But Finn and Poe hardly seemed to be talking to each other even. More and more frequently, Poe would disappear for hours at a time to fly over D’Qar in his X-Wing. Rey could always tell when he’d flown off again because Finn would inevitably show up at her door. He rarely spoke when this happened, just brought a holobook or something else to keep himself occupied. Mostly, it seemed, he didn’t want to be alone. Because Finn refused to talk about it, Rey was rather in the dark. She didn’t know if he and Poe were fighting or if Poe just needed time to himself or whatever else it could have been. And she didn’t dare ask. Finn always looked so morose when he came by. Rey sighed and rubbed her eyes. The dream had been terrible, but at the moment, being the only person around didn’t seem too unpleasant. She was used to solitude after her years on Jakku. She didn’t particularly like it, but she was used to it. Used to the quiet. And occasionally it was something she craved. If being alone was the reason Poe had taken to these solo flights, Rey completely understood. Her own thoughts and emotions over what had happened were more than enough to be getting on with. Dealing with everyone else’s just compounded it. If she was being honest with herself, solitude felt rather welcoming. She sat up very suddenly and swung her legs over the side of the bed, sitting there for a minute. Her heart pounded and her stomach twisted anxiously. But she had made up her mind, hadn’t even had to think about it. She grabbed the datapad from her nightstand and typed up a quick message. Then she got up and shoved her few belongings into a bag, slinging it over her shoulder before quietly leaving the room. She had nearly made it to the docking bay when a familiar beep called out from behind. She turned to find R2-D2 rolling toward her. “Shh, Artoo, go back inside,” Rey hissed. Where do you think you’re going? Artoo demanded. “I just need to get away for a while,” said Rey. “I won’t be gone long.” You’re leaving? “Not for long, I promise.” How long? “I don’t know.” Artoo beeped sadly and Rey sighed. “Look, I promise I won’t be gone long,” she said. “I just need some time. You get that, don’t you?” Artoo beeped sadly again, but didn’t try to argue. “I’ll be back before you know it, I promise,” said Rey. She turned away and stepped out into the cold night air. She glanced around, then hurried across the tarmac to the Millennium Falcon and climbed the ramp. Once she was inside, she closed the door and made her way to the cockpit. It wouldn’t be easy flying the Falcon without a co-pilot, but she’d done it before. She started the engines and lifted off. “D’Qar base to the Millennium Falcon,” a voice suddenly said over the comms. “You are not authorized for takeoff.” Rey ignored it, but they persisted. “Millennium Falcon, I repeat, you are not authorized for takeoff.” “I know, just shut up,” Rey snapped. She silenced the comms and steered the ship up, soaring over the base before flying out of the planet’s atmosphere. For a moment, she just hovered there, letting out a deep breath. It was just her, the Falcon, and the vast emptiness of space out here. Perfectly quiet. Perfectly alone. Then, she started to fly, heading nowhere in particular. Series this work belongs to: ← Previous Work Part 2 of the Apocalypse series