Poe's Mission Chapter 1 Jessika Pava never expected to fly an X Wing in her life. Every kid comes up with what they want to do when they grow up and its almost always something large and unachievable. Somehow, someway, Jess found herself behind the controls of one of the most important ships in the galaxy. Seeing the planets from above, the way the trees turned into tiny pompoms and rivers into strands of glistening ribbon, gave her an appreciation for the worlds around her. Some days, she couldn’t believe her luck. Other days she knew it was more than just luck. She had trained hard at the Academy, proving every day that she was more than just a pretty face from Danduran. In fact, she was proud knowing that she came out on top of the rest of her classmates, even those that had been sharper, more experienced, and fought dirtier. Today, the “dirtier” part definitely still held true. The training her squadron leader, Poe Dameron, had put them through in the last couple hours had her drenched in sweat. Nothing at this moment in time would have felt better than a shower. “Pava, good work today!” Speak of the devil. “Always the tone of surprise, Poe.” She smiled, taking off her helmet and tucking it under her arm. “Thank you though.” He mirrored her smile, “You know I’m always proud of you. Do you have somewhere to be? I’m going to go down to lunch but wanted the company of my favorite girl.” Jess punched his shoulder and laughed, “Quite the charmer. Can I take a shower first? I smell like a Tauntaun’s insides.” Poe leaned in and sniffed at her neck, “You always smell like this, I don’t mind.” Jess laughed and shoved him away, “You’re an ass. I’ll see you in 20 minutes?” “I’ll save you a seat.” Jess watched him walk away and grinned to herself. Poe was her best friend and if it weren’t for him, she didn’t think she would have half the passion for flying as she did. His drive to do better made her want to be better herself and she knows she’ll never be able to fully articulate how much that means to her. They had meet as teenagers, two friends trying to figure out what could happen next in their lives. Poe had been the one to encourage her to join the Rebel Alliance with him, to be a part of something bigger than herself. She was so glad she listened to him. Not only would she be able to join the fight in protecting the galaxy, she would also get to see her best friend every day. Their parents were always under the impression that someday they would run away together and frankly Jess often found herself wishing that they were attracted to each other. Living life on the Rebel base on D’Qar meant being surrounded by people at all times and somehow still feeling alone and hell, he was handsome. At the end of the day though, Jessika was into girls and Poe was into… Well, everyone. They had always settled on being partners in crime and she loved it that way. After the most amazing shower of her life, Jess made her way down to the mess hall, stomach growling. Poe was gathered with a bunch of other pilots at their usual table and, as promised, had saved her the seat next to him. She tucked into her food immediately, barely joining the conversation around her until she was satisfied. “So Poe, did you just invite me down here because I’m nice to look at, or did you actually need to talk about something?” He looked at her with apprehension, like he knew what needed to be said but didn’t want to express it the wrong way. “Uh, yeah, about that.” Poe ran a hand over the back of his neck. “I’m leaving. On a solo mission…Tomorrow.” “Tomorrow?!” Jess exclaimed, loud enough that she didn’t draw attention to them but loud enough that Poe winced. “Yes.” “A SOLO mission?” “Yes again.” “And you’re telling me now?” “Well I figured if I told you tomorrow this would be a harder conversation to have.” “Poe!” Jess rubbed her hands over her face in exasperation. “Don’t be mad! I can’t tell you what it’s about.” He looked around them and lowered his voice, “but I CAN tell you that it’s a super top secret mission from the General herself.” He smiled at her with self pride. “How long will you be gone?” “To be honest I don’t know,” his smile faded. “And to be very honest, I’m worried I won’t make it back.” The lack of confidence from her usually self-assured friend stopped Jess in her spot. “Poe… is this about…” She lowered her voice some more, “the map?” “If anyone asks, you came to that conclusion yourself.” Jess held his gaze for a moment, “Where are you going?” “I already told you that I can’t disclose that information.” “But Poe – what if I have to go find you? What if you don’t come back at all?” “That’s not up to you to worry about.” “But it is!” She leaned forward, her hand on his shoulder. “I need to know that I can always have your back. Top secret or not.” He smiled, laying his head over her hand, “It’s not going to come to that, Pava. Even if something does happen, I know for a fact that you’ll nag General Organa until she gives you my exact coordinates.” Jess let out a small chuckle, knowing that she very well would do that, even against her better judgement. She thought for a moment. “You’re my best friend.” “I know.” “So you have to come back. In one piece. Handsome as ever.” He laughed, throwing his head back, “You know I wouldn’t come back as anything less.” She laughed with him, giving him a shove before pulling her hand away. “There’s that confidence I know and love so well.” They said their goodbyes before bed that night. Poe was leaving early in the morning and wasn’t going to have the chance to stop by her room before he left. Jess laid in her bunk, staring at the ceiling. She’d known Poe for a long time. He was the perfect balance of reckless and levelheaded, showing no fear when served with a challenge but knew his own (and his team’s) limits. This mission however, was not another flight around the planet with his buddies. This was the mission to find the map to Luke Skywalker. So many scenarios flew into Jessika’s head. He could lose his way, the ship could break down, the First Order could find him first… She didn’t want to think about the last one. Jess just wanted her pilot to find his way home. Chapter 2 : Poe's Mission Becomes Jess' Mission Notes: Chapter 2! Thanks for reading! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) Poe had been gone for six days. Life around the base had certainly been quieter, but it’s not as though time stood still. Jessika still had to get out of bed, work on her X Wing, and fulfill her duties as a pilot. She kept herself busy in the later hours of the night playing card games in the lounge with Snap Wexley and a couple other pilots on base, but when she was alone, she couldn’t help but wonder when she would see her friend again. Presently, she was sitting on the couch in her room, half paying attention to a holovid she’d seen 100 times. Her thoughts were with her pilot friend. Depending on how far away General Organa had sent Poe to retrieve the map, she couldn’t imagine he would be gone for longer than a week or two. The fact that he was out there alone, with only the company of his astromech droid BB-8, was what made her nervous. No one was there to pull him out of trouble when he (inevitably) found himself in a situation he didn’t belong. Jess remembered a time when they were young, hanging out in the woods connecting their parents houses. They had made it their goal that summer to build a tree house at the halfway point, a place they could call their own. One day Jess had run out there to meet him and found him hanging by his foot from a tree, hopelessly upside down. And hopelessly embarrassed. Poe had explained that his intention was to install a rope swing but his foot had become entangled in the loop he’d fastened at the end of the rope. She had cut him down, belly laughing the entire time. Jess had saved him that time, but this was a much bigger danger than a rope in the woods. If she had been allowed to go, she could make sure everything was okay. If only she had asked… No. She shook her head, trying to clear her thoughts of any “what ifs”. If the mission was meant for more than one person, than it would have been assigned as such. Jess turned off the video feed and sat back further into her seat. “May the force be with you Dameron… God damn you.” She smiled to herself, half amused that she was talking to herself and half proud of the work Poe was doing. At that moment, the comm link in her room buzzed. It was General Organa. “Hello General. What can I do for you?” “Miss Pava can you come down to my office please. I don’t want you to worry, but I also want you to come as soon as you can.” “Ma’am is this about-“ “We’ll discuss it when you’re here. Please.” The older woman’s tone was even but final. Jess knew better than to argue. “Of course. I’ll be right there.” The walk to General Organa’s office felt like it had been stretched into light-years. Jessika knew this would be about Poe as he was gone and truthfully there was no other reason for someone of her rank to need to speak with someone as important as the General. A million different scenarios, good and bad, passed through her mind as she approached the large metal door. Before she could even knock, it slid open and revealed the older woman, hair in an intricate but neat updo, at her desk. “Come in, Miss Pava.” She smiled hesitantly at the younger girl, the emotion not quite reaching her usually kind eyes. “Hello ma’am. Is something wrong?” Jessika sat in the chair in front of the large desk, trying not to let her emotions read too strongly on her face. General Organa placed her elbows on the desk, clasping her hands together and rested her chin on them. “I apologize for giving you the impression that something is wrong when I call you down to see me.” Jess’s mouth dropped open a little, flustered for having made the other women feel that she had to apologize, “No, I – “ “Relax, Pava,” she smiled softly. This time it did reach her eyes. “I’m not offended, just regretful that you’re correct in assuming this isn’t good news.” Jess was quiet in her chair. “Obviously you know that we sent Poe Dameron on a solo mission earlier this week. The mission was going according to plan until yesterday. We haven’t head from him,” Organa paused, searching Jess’s face for a moment, “Jessika, I’m wondering if you have.” “If I have heard from him?” Jess’s heart was tight in her chest. “Ma’am I haven’t spoken with him since he left. Unauthorized communication back to the base isn’t even allowed, correct?” The other women nodded slowly, “You’re correct. But Dameron is well… Dameron and I wouldn’t put it passed him to sneak a few messages out to his friends.” She exhaled slowly. “His instructions were to check in with us twice daily. Due to the sensitivity of the mission, we needed to keep a very close eye on his progress. We’re worried something may have happened to him.” Jess tried to swallow the mix of fear and frustration building in her throat. “Ma’am if I may ask… Where did you send him?” The general paused for a moment, searching Jess’s features, wondering if she could trust the younger girl with the information. She sighed, “We sent Poe to the planet of Jakku. It’s a desert planet a ways from here. There is… important information that we needed him to collect and return to us. Our sensors indicate that his X Wing never left the planet, but we can no longer communicate with him. Miss Pava, I think something may have happened.” Jess held her breath as she let the information wash over her. “With all due respect… Why are you telling me this? What can I do to help?” “I was hoping you’d say that.” The General stared at the younger girl for a moment, knowing that what she was about to do was nowhere near protocol. What she was about to ask was more self serving than she’d like to admit. “Poe Dameron is our best pilot. Next in line, Jessika, is you. Now every ounce of my being tells me that sending another one of our talented pilots out to potentially meet the same fate as the first is stupid,” she paused, smoothing the hair around her face, “but I know that even if I hadn’t asked, you would have volunteered.” The two women exchanged a small smile, despite circumstances. “You want me to fly to Jakku and find Poe Dameron.” “Yes. I want you to fly to Jakku but you need to be smart. We will have you comm in as much as you can. Keep us updated and stay low. If something happened on that planet… If the First Order got there, you need to let us know. I trust you but I will not ask you to stick your neck out farther than you already are. Do you understand?” Jessika exhaled the breath she hadn’t realized she was still holding. Part of her was honored that she general had thought of her at all for this mission. Another part of her was screaming out for her friend. “When can I leave?” “As soon as you’d like,” General Organa pressed a button on her desk and spoke into the mouth piece, asking someone on the other end to send supplies down to the hangar holding Jess’s ship. “Jessika, I appreciate this. I can’t help but feel responsible for whatever happens. I’ll have someone load the correct coordinates onto your X Wing before you take off. Do you understand your directions?” Jess nodded, “Fly to Jakku, stay low, comm in as much as possible. Find Dameron.” The general reached a hand over the desk, taking Jess’ own, “Yes. And please, be careful.” “I wouldn’t dream of being anything but.” She stood and walked to the door. She had almost left when the General spoke one more time. “Jess?” She turned, “Yes ma’am?” The woman had a million emotions etched onto her face. Sadness, regret, concern, but more than anything, hope. “Please bring our pilot home safely.” Jess smiled, solemnly. “I intend on it.” Notes: Hope you loved it! I'd love some feedback on the pacing of this chapter. Once you read someting 100 times you lose any real perspective lol. Chapter 3 : Pilot Retrieval Summary: Jess has been used to rescuing Poe for years. Some things never change. Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Jessika’s hands shook as she pressed the buttons on the control panel of her X-Wing, preparing to take off. She wasn’t usually this nervous about a mission but this was different. This mission had everything relying on it; the map, the General’s trust in her, but mostly importantly, Poe’s safety. The only thing between Poe and D’Qar was Jessika and if she failed she would never forgive herself. “This is Blue Three. Ready for departure.” Jessika was surprised to hear the voice of General Organa herself on the other line, “Good luck Blue Three. Call in when you land and be safe.” She took a deep breath and brought her ship into the air. Flying usually brought her joy. A fleet of butterflies in her stomach always kept her company, the rush of being in the sky, completely in control of her own movements gave her a rush like nothing else. Today… Well the butterflies were certainly there but for a different reason. She tried to shake her nerves and use them to focus her on the task at hand. “See you soon, Jakku.” ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ When Jess’s ship broke the planet’s atmosphere, she couldn’t help but notice how dry and desolate the surface looked. She squeezed her eyes shut for a moment, “I can’t believe Poe got lost here.” She sent a message alerting the Rebel base of her arrival just before she landed the X-wing. Jess could already feel the heat of the sun coming through the window above her and made a point to remove her helmet and heavy jacket. She dropped out of the cockpit slowly, lacking the assistance of a ladder, and looked all around her. Everything looked the same. Hot sand and sun expanded as far as she could see and Jess couldn’t help but feel a little lost herself. “Shit,” she breathed, “how am I ever going to find Poe here?” Jess turned and walked up a hill towards her left. If she could get some higher ground, maybe she’d be able to find a town, or… She got an idea. Wasn’t this where the Niima outpost is located? It had a reputation for being scummy but if Poe was alive and needed some kind of assistance he was going to have to find some form of civilization. “If you can even refer to the Niima outpost as civilized,” she whispered aloud. At the top of her sandy hill she could just make out the tops of canvas tents. All of them worse for wear, faded and scorched from years in the unrelenting sun. A couple of the structures appeared to have toppled, flaps of fabric hanging limply where it should have been taught. She narrowed her eyes, “Is that smoke?” A funnel of black smog seemed to be rising from the settlement. An explosion. Something told her that there had indeed been trouble here. She knew her only choice was to head towards the area and she was going to have to walk. Taking the ship could cause too much attention if there were still troublemakers present. She inhaled, taking a step forward. “This is for you Poe Dameron.” She arrived at the outpost (or from what she could tell was left of the outpost) and made sure to keep some cover. There were still life forms walking around, trying to make sense of the wreckage around them. Jess couldn’t necessarily identify any of them as humans but she also wasn’t about to take a chance of them being alliances with the First Order. She was still wearing the pants of her bright orange flight suit. Idiot. Might as well be wearing a sign around my neck saying I’m with the Alliance. Looking around her, she noticed the wreckage of what had obviously been a very bad explosion. Something had happened here. There was a hideous creature up ahead, a very fat male with a thick neck and large bulbous hands was yelling at the creatures around him. “I told you to follow the girl and get that droid! Now I’m out a scavenger, a ship, and the DROID.” Jess ducked beneath a table in front of her as the creature looked in her direction. What would a droid be doing on a planet like this? Why would – oh no. BB-8. If someone had taken him, where was Poe? Who (and where) is the girl this creature speaks of? She squeezed her eyes shut and shook her head clear of the thoughts. Find Poe. That’s why she was here. Jess had to find someone to ask about him. In a moment of desperation, she looked down and removed her orange pants, shoving them into a nearby basket out of sight. Oh well, she thought. They’re regulation. I can always get new ones. The black shorts she had underneath were small, but they would have to do. She clipped her comm link to her waistband, the only hopes of communicating with not just the base, but her ship. Jess stood slowly, as not to reveal her position, and looked around her. There was a small creature a few steps away, scrubbing a hunk of metal with a brush. It looked like a small older woman but was clearly not human. It was hard to tell. Jess approached it slowly, “Excuse me? I need some help finding someone.” The creature immediately turned and squawked in response, so loud it made Jess jump back a few steps. It ran in the other direction, clearly having no desire to help her out. “Okay. Sorry.” Jess sighed, taking in her surroundings. Logically, she knew that if Poe was unconscious (or worse) he could very well still be out in the desert somewhere. She could get on her ship and do a low scape of the planet, hoping she would see something. There was clearly no one here that would be able to help her. As she started her walk back to the X-wing, her comm link began to crackle. Someone was trying to communicate with her. Not from the Rebel base; from her ship. “If you’re trying to take the ship I strongly suggest you don’t.” She spoke into the mouth piece, “You’ll have to answer to a very angry General Organa if you do.” “That’s a shame,” the voice replied, “I thought she’d be happy to see my handsome face.” Jess could hear the smile on his face. It was Poe. She’d found their pilot. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ “Poe Dameron you’re alive.” She exclaimed, running up to him and wrapping him into a hug. He winced under her touch, “Oof. Just barely.” “Oh, I’m sorry!” Jess pulled away, “Are you alright?” She examined his features, his hair stuck to his forehead with sweat and blood. “Poe what happened to you?” His lips curved into a small smile, resting a hand on her shoulder, “Take me home. I’ll tell you on the way.” He looked around for a moment, “Have you seen BB-8? They could be anywhere.” Jess shook her head, helping Poe up into the cockpit. “I didn’t see him anywhere, I’m sorry.” She thought about what that ugly creature had said back at the outpost. “Poe I think someone has them. A girl.” “A girl?” She climbed into the pilot seat in front of him and nodded. “I overheard someone say that a droid had been taken by a girl. That’s all I know. And we could always be assuming that the droid was BB-8.” “Jess it is BB-8, I know it.” He was quiet as Jess called the base to let them know that they were returning. “I left him here. The first time.” Jess controlled the ship into the air, leaving the desert planet behind. “The first time?” Poe nodded, “I was here to get the map, as you know. Everything was going well until the First Order found us. I gave the map to BB-8 and told them to get out of here. We were separated… I was captured by Kylo Ren, brought aboard his ship. BB-8 was left behind.” Jess’ eyes were wide, “They captured you?” “He tortured me.” “Poe.” They were silent for a moment. “They know the map is in my droid. I didn’t tell Ren, he just knew.” “He used the force.” “He used the force,” Poe confirmed, eyes at the floor. “This is the most important mission I’ve ever been given and I failed.” “You know no one will blame you, right? This isn’t your fault. No one expects you to beat the First Order on your own. It was a risky mission, you did what you could.” “And now we’ve lost the map and BB-8.” He exhaled, his head in his hands. “Yes, but we’ll get them back Poe. The Resistance always comes out on top.” She forced a small smile, hoping to reassure her friend. Jess knew that Poe would beat himself up for this for the rest of his life. “I hope you’re right.” He was quiet, looking out the window at the stars zooming passed them. “Poe, how did you escape the First Order? Why were you back on Jakku?” He leaned back in his chair and smiled. “Finn.” “Who?” “FN-2187.” “A stormtrooper?” “The best one around.” He smiled too himself. “He helped me escape. We stole a TIE fighter and left the base. I knew I needed to go back to Jakku for BB-8… but we were followed. The ship took too many hits, we went down. I woke up alone, no Finn, no ship. I thought I was dead.” “Why did Finn help you?” Poe smirked, “Wouldn’t you?” Jess laughed, despite herself, “You know what I mean.” “I don’t know. He went against everything he ever knew, everything he’d ever trained for, just to get me out of there alive.” “You sure he didn’t just need a pilot?” She smiled at him over her shoulder. Poe chuckled, “I’m sure he just needed a pilot but it doesn’t change the fact that it worked out in my favor. He’s a good man. He’s a handsome man.” Jess rolled here eyes at the comment while Poe smiled and then was silent for a moment, “I just wish I knew what happened to him.” Jess sobered, hearing the remorse in his voice. “If I could find you, we can find Finn. Maybe the General knows something we don’t.” “She always seems to.” Poe smiled, putting a hand on Jess’s shoulder. “Thanks for coming to get me Testor. You’ve always got my back.” “I already told you I would come to find you. Anything you need Dameron, I’m right here.” “I know, I just want to get home.” Jess reached for the hand on her shoulder and squeezed, “I know. We’re on our way. General Organa will know how to fix this, I promise. It’s good to have you back.” They landed back on base in record time. The rest of their squadron was waiting for them, anxious to see whether or not their captain had made it back okay. Jess leaned over the side of the cockpit, “Snap, can you help him down? He’s exhausted.” “I’m fine, Jess. Really.” “Poe you’ve been gone for over a week. You’re worn out.” She paused, smirking. “And you smell like you could use a shower.” “I’ve got him Jess, you can come down.” Snap laughed at their banter. “Nice outfit by the way,” He nodded at her, referencing her small shorts and lack of pilot gear. She climbed down the ladder, happy to put her feet on the solid ground of D’Qar. “Comment on my clothing again Snap and you die.” Jess shot him a threatening look but smiled when her teammate laughed. They were safe, for now. She knew it was only a matter of time until their next mission. If the First Order knows that the map is out there with BB-8, they can’t be far away searching for it. “Should we bring him down to the med bay?” Snap stabilized Poe as he stood, making sure the younger man didn’t fall over. “I’m okay! I’m just tired. I want to speak to the General.” The tone in Poe’s voice gave away just how exhausted he really was and Jess knew better than to let him call the shots for himself. “I’m sure she wants to speak to you too but let’s at least have you checked out first. I’ll have her meet us there.” General Organa did, in fact, meet them in medical, while a kind nurse with steady hands gave Poe an IV for fluids. He was other wise just fine, aside for some scrapes and bruises. Once Jess knew he was alright, she stood to walk away from the pair of them. They had important information to discuss and her own bed was sounding better every second. “Miss Pava I do believe you’ve earned your right to hear what Poe and I are about to discuss. The boy wouldn’t be here if it hadn’t been for your willingness to bring him home.” Jess smiled warmly, flattered at the older woman’s recognition of her success. “With all due respect ma’am, I think I need to go lay down. This trip wasn’t just hard on Poe. Besides, if I’m being honest… He told me everything I needed to know on the way home.” Poe shot her an exasperated look, knowing that the general may not have been all too pleased that he released information to Jess that he wasn’t supposed to. Organa laughed at his expression, “Well I figured as such. Dameron you’re in the clear this time. Pava go ahead and rest. I may catch up with you later anyways.” “Sure ma’am, thank you.” She nodded politely and ruffled Poe’s hair, walking out of the room. The metal doors slip shut behind her and she let out a long breath. Now that she knew Poe was okay, she let her body relax, feeling just how ready for bed she was. She entered the passcode to her room and threw herself on the bed upon entry, no energy for anything else. Jessika was asleep before her second boot had even fallen to the floor Notes: Thank you for reading and enjoying! If you're here for Jess/Rey, I promise Rey is coming up soon! I really wanted to fill in the gaps from Force Awakens before I jump into my own plot :) Chapter 4 : Finding BB-8 Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) When Jess woke up the next day, it was already late into the afternoon. She sat up and stretched, a satisfying pull in her muscles. With nothing else to do with her time, she made her way down to the showers and then to the mess hall. Poe wasn’t there but some of her pilot buddies were, so she sat down next to them. The group of them were unusually quiet, their typical banter absent from the space around her. Kare Kun, a commander of the Stiletto Squadron, was the first to speak to her. “Alright Pava, spill.” “Huh?” “Tell us what happened! Where was Dameron? Why was he there?” Jess put her fork down, secretly enjoying the attention from her peers. “You guys know I’m not supposed to say anything. If it was public information, General Organa would call a meeting.” “Come on, Testor! It’s no fair that you should get to have all the fun!” Snap tugged on her ponytail, laughing. “You’re lame.” “I’m not lame! I’m respecting the privacy of more important matters than myself.” Kare rolled her eyes, “Dameron would tell us if he were here.” Jessika snorted at her but didn’t take the bait, “You’re probably right, considering he can’t keep a secret for more than 15 minutes at a time.” She knew that was only mostly true. Poe would tell his team anything but when it came down to enemy lines, well… She knew that Kylo Ren really did have to use the force to get information from Poe. “Is he still in medical?” “To be honest I’m not quite sure. I was going to go find him after dinner.” “I went to see him earlier today, he’s doing just fine,” Snap reassured her. “Our boy came back to us in one piece.” Thanks to the elusive Finn, Jess thought. I wonder where he is. She smiled at Snap, thanking him for the reassurance. Her attention was caught by something across the room. C-3PO, General Organa’s favorite messenger, was making his way over to them. “Miss Pava! I am glad to see you awake!” “How can I help you C-3PO?” “The General is requesting your presence in her office at once. I will escort you if you’d like.” Jess sighed and looked down at her unfinished food, “Never a dull moment around here, huh?” “Oh yes,” the droid replied, ignoring the hypothetical nature of the question, “the rebel base is a very exciting place to be.” Her table mates chuckled. “Jess we’re going to hang out in the lounge later. Join us?” Kare asked. “Yeah, I’ll see you guys later.” ~ Jess sat in the General’s office with Poe, and a few other members of the Alliance that she recognized but didn’t know their names. Their leader stood behind her desk, clearing her throat before speaking. “Yesterday, Poe Dameron returned from a mission to retrieve the map to Luke Skywalker. He was successful in retrieving the map itself but an interception from the First Order caused the droid carrying that data to go missing.” Poe shifted in his seat, clearly feeling the guilt of what happened. “Now Dameron you know I do not blame you. Our challenge now is to find that information.” She looked at the faces around her. “I’ll be honest, I had very few ideas of where to start looking. The astromech droid has a tracking device but it is either out of range or has been damaged intentionally so that we cannot locate it. My next step was to make a few calls around to see if anyone had spotted the droid and to let them know they needed to alert us if it was found. It turns out, that brought us some luck. I received a call just a few moments ago from Han Solo himself.” Everyone in the room seemed to take a breath at once. “The Han Solo?” Jess claimed, despite herself. “The very one. He was sending out signals, looking for his stolen ship, the Millennium Falcon. Turns out it had been stolen off the Niima Outpost on Jakku, where Miss Pava and Dameron have just returned from. On board was a scavenger girl, a young man claiming to be with the resistance, and a certain white and orange BB unit.” She smiled. “We’ve found our precious cargo.” She directed her attention to Poe, “And we’ve found your stormtrooper, Dameron.” “Are they safe? Who is this girl?” “If they’re with Han, they’re safe. He doesn’t know much about the girl, just that she was able to pilot the Falcon without training and that she is well versed in repair work.” Poe seemed to relax his entire body, a tension Jess wasn’t sure he knew he was holding. “What happens now, General?” “I want to leave that up to you. Someone needs to retrieve the BB unit, but I’ll understand if-“ “We’ll go,” Poe and Jess said in unison, making the general smile. “I figured as such. Han is taking them to Maz Kanata’s castle on Takodana. You two can meet them there and bring them home. You’ll depart in the morning.” She dismissed them, confident that they would be able to handle themselves on such a simple mission. “You excited to see your wonder boy tomorrow?” Jess teased as the door closed behind them, knowing what was on Poe’s mind. He gave her a shove, smiling. “I am, actually. I never got to properly thank him. Finn did something great that day and I’m glad we’ll get to tell him that.” They headed toward the lounge, anxious to have some time to relax. “Poe, who do you think this girl is?” “Who knows?” He scratched at his jaw. “Seems useful though. Anyone that pilots a ship like the Falcon untrained could fit in nicely here.” “What makes you think she’ll want to join up with the Alliance?” “I don’t, its just an offer I wouldn’t refuse if I was given the chance. Maybe she’ll want to be a part of something important.” Jess smiled at her friend’s constant faith in other people. “Not if you scare her off first, dooming her to a life of pilots and machinery.” Poe mirrored her expression, his tone serious, “Do you feel doomed to be here?” “Oh you know that’s not what I meant. I belong here. I just didn’t want to sentence the poor girl to a life of the corny jokes you and Snap tell through the interflight system.” She laughed, watching Poe feign offense. “Those jokes are some of my best work! Careful, you’ll have me wishing I was back on Jakku with nothing but the sand to keep me company.” She rolled her eyes at him, “You know I’d just make the trip to rescue you all over again.” Poe wrapped his arms around her shoulders as they walked. “I know you would. My keeper, Jessika Pava. Thanks for being my best friend.” “Someone’s gotta do it, you reckless man.” ~ Jessika laid in her bed that night with a tired body and an active mind. Her thoughts kept swirling around the next day, wondering what Finn would be like. The man had saved Poe’s life, but for him to be that excited about someone, well… That was special. The first time Jess had ever seen Poe in love was when they were 17. A girl from a neighboring town on Danduran with hair like sunshine and freckles that brushed her cheeks; constellations enviable by even the stars themselves. She was all that space had to offer made into a human being. Poe would bring the girl around with them on all their adventures. Climbing trees, learning to swim, making tree houses out of sticks and old sheets from their parents’ houses. Jess and Poe would take risks together, while the other girl would sit back and make sure they were okay. Poe would get messy with Jess and then let his love clean him back up, take care of him. Jess hadn’t seen Poe smile like he had when that girl kissed him in years. Until he told Jess about FN-2187. And the girl. What would she be like? Who was she? Jess wanted to believe that she was good, that she was someone the Alliance could trust. If Han Solo himself thinks she’s worth something, then well that was as good a recommendation as gold. She closed her eyes and smiled to herself, maybe she’ll be pretty. Jess thought of her home. She was never close with her parents, but had no reason to spite them. They were kind enough, had given her a childhood to feel nostalgic about. Sometimes when she couldn’t sleep at night, she’d imagine she was in her old bed back on Danduran. A set of bunk beds she shared with her sister. Jess had insisted on the top bunk because “X wings fly in the sky, not on the ground.” Her sister was older and out ranked her; Jess ended up with the bottom. She can still picture the tiny aircrafts she had scraped into the material above her with a pocket knife; could still feel the impressions in the wood on her fingertips. She felt so safe in that room with her sister asleep above her, listening to the soft noises of her breathing. The room presently around her was so quiet. Jess thought about what Poe had said to her earlier that day, “Do you feel doomed to be here?” Of course she didn’t. She had only ever wanted to be on this base, fighting for what she knew was right. Jess never felt better than in the seat of her X-wing, hearing the voices of her friends through the comm links. The only time Jess ever felt melancholy was when she was alone at night. There was little opportunity for her to find a partner here, for her to belong to someone. If put on the spot, Jess would tell you that she didn’t believe in relationships; that sex felt the same either way. She’d wink at whomever had asked and move on. On nights like this, she knew that was bullshit. Jess longed for someone to confide in on dark nights; when missions loomed over her head like storm clouds full of rain that would inevitably fall. Someone to tell her deepest fears to that would lock them inside to never share with another soul. Jess wanted that now more than ever and as she drifted off to sleep, she hoped that someday she would find it. Notes: What did you guys think? Thank you for all of your kind words and kudos! I've got chapters edited and ready to go after this one and will work on chapter 7 tonight. Let me know how you're liking the story so far! Chapter 5 : Defending Takodana Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) The mission had not gone as planned. Poe had pulled Jess out of bed the next morning, talking a mile a minute about how the First Order had landed on Takodana. They needed to get there immediately and they were bringing all squadrons to fight. This was no longer a simple trip to pick up a droid. General Organa suspected that the First Order had allies on the planet; the nature of the cantina bringing creatures from all walks of life. It was not outlandish to assume their presence there had garnered attention from unfriendly folks looking to be on Kylo Ren’s good side. All they could do now was get there before Kylo got what he wanted. Their X wings had broken in the atmosphere with not a second to spare. Smoke was rising from what Jess could tell used to be a grand and vibrant castle, the many flags littering the outside beginning to catch fire and melt away. She tried not to think of all the innocent creatures that could still be inside, naively assuring herself that they all had warning enough to escape before the real damage was done. Jess watched the structure buckle as she listened to Poe rattle off formation instructions, thousands of years of culture tumbling to the soft soil. Her heart cried for Maz but she knew she was here to do her job and tried not to let her emotions cloud her duty. The team of pilots worked relentlessly, swinging left and right to avoid enemy fire but making sure to fire back at every enemy ship. What seemed like hours must only have been a couple minutes as they worked diligently to fend off their enemy, protecting those scrambling across the ground below. She could vaguely make out the figures running around, mostly storm troopers with blasters, but someone was catching her attention. “There’s a man down there with a lightsaber.” She exclaimed, excitement building at the sight. She’d never seen one in person, not that this was a close encounter. She looked closer, flying lower than she knew was safe, and saw a tall figure, dressed in all black, sunlight glinting off the metal on their helmet. Kylo Ren. In his arms was the form of a person – a girl around Jess’s own age, clothing dragging on the ground as Kylo brought her onto his own ship. And suddenly, they were retreating. “Testor, get out of the there!” Jess listened to her commander, knowing there was no point in being reckless now. “What’s our next move, Dameron?” “Let’s go home. We got what we came here for.” ~ Jessika watched Poe and Finn’s reunion with a small melancholy smile. “Poe Dameron, you’re alive!” The young man was wearing Poe’s jacket, Jess noted. He’s in too deep already. She thought, stepping back and examining her ship. It had taken a couple hits on Takodana but nothing she couldn’t fix herself. She opened her tool box, ready to use the adrenaline from their mission to focus on fixing her X wing. As she got to work, she let her mind wander. If the Alliance has the map now, who is going to go to Skywalker? The General, she assumed. The woman was always kind with a good sense of humor, but there was a lingering sadness in her that could only be the result of missing a family member. Organa worked so hard for a cause outside of herself, she deserved some happiness after all that she had been through. As Jess worked, she could hear bits of Poe and Finn’s conversation. “Kylo Ren took her, Poe. I saw him take her, we’ve got to get Rey back.” Rey. If she hadn’t been paying much attention before, she was now. “We’ll get her back, okay? I need you to come meet the general. She’ll want to talk to you too.” Poe looked over his shoulder as he walked away with Finn, his arm around the younger man’s shoulder. He gave Jess a small smile and kept moving. For a second, Jess was angry. She had wanted to meet Finn and was hurt that Poe did not introduce them but she also knew that there was more at stake than her emotions. Poe hadn’t introduced them because there was no time, not because she was unimportant. She knew jealousy was not a good look for her and took a deep breath, brushing hair behind her ears. Her missions had been complete. So what now? Notes: This chapter is a bit short, I know. BUT to make up for it, the next chapter is really (really really) long, AND Rey is in it! Thanks for reading! Chapter 6 : How Not to Drink Corellian Whiskey Notes: This chapter was SO fun to write. Mostly because Rey has finally shown up, and our little group gets to have some fun! Enjoy! (See the end of the chapter for more notes .) The next few days on the Rebel base were a blur. If you were to ask Jess, she would tell you that it had only been 24 hours. She didn’t realize the date until she had finally been able to return to her bunk and saw the calendar projected on the wall. It had been 4 days and 11 hours since rescuing BB-8 and Finn from Takodana. Looking around her room, Jess made herself focus on the familiarity of her belongings. The top left drawer on her dresser was open, a sock draped over the side. The papers on her desk showed the design she had sketched – a modification she wanted to make to the X wings to create better agility. There was still a glass of water on her bedside table, half evaporated into the dry air of her bedroom. All of these items had remained the same over the past 4 days, but Jess (and every other person on this base) had changed. They were heroes. Star Killer base had been destroyed. The threat of the First Order still loomed over the galaxy, but without their base, they wouldn’t have the resources to make a move for a long time. The win had not come without sacrifice. The Resistance had lost ships, droids, but most importantly, people. Jess did not know Han Solo but she mourned him all the same. He had been a catalyst to their attack on the base and they would all be forever grateful. For now, in this moment, there was peace on the base. There were plans for the evening to celebrate. General Organa requested that they all enjoy themselves, experience some well deserved amusement. To be honest, Jess thought that sounded like a great idea. She usually rolled her eyes at the idea of a base wide event. While her fellow pilots were her friends and her family, she never feigned interest in getting to know everyone. After witnessing your own people die for a cause... Well, you lighten up a bit. Jess knew she would try. She brushed her hair and put on some clean clothes before leaving her room. She followed the familiar halls to Poe’s room, hoping that he would go with her to the festivities. Everything was easier with Poe, especially human interaction. There was a man waiting outside of his door, a handsome guy with dark skin and vibrant eyes. She was surprised to see him here. He had been brought back from the base on a stretcher, the med workers unsure of whether or not he would wake up. From the way he was standing, it was obvious that he was favoring one leg, and a bandage was peaking out from under his shirt. Jess smiled at him, “You must be Finn.” He walked over and hugged her, squeezing her like a friend he’s known for years. “You must be Jessika.” “If I wasn’t, this hug would be really awkward.” They both laughed, breaking away and examining the other. “You saved my best friend. I can’t even tell you how amazing I think you are.” Finn shrugged, embarrassed by the compliment, “To be fair, you saved him too. You just finished the job I started.” “Yeah but I’m stuck with him, I acted out of obligation,” she winked. “You’re a good man, Finn.” Poe stepped out of his bunk, a nicer shirt and pants on him than Jess had seen in years. “He is a good man. I see you two have met.” Jess whistled in his direction, “Look at you! Do you have product in your hair?” He blushed, uncharacteristically shy about Jess’s comment. “I thought the occasion called for a little extra effort, don’t mock me. I’m just proud you brushed your hair before coming out tonight.” “Hey now, I meant it as a compliment, no need for your attitude.” She stuck her tongue out at him like she used to when they were young. “Let’s go now, I want to get to the food before Snap does.” They walked side by side, Finn chuckling at the banter flowing between the two old friends. Jess wondered if he missed his own friends, or more solemnly, if they were allowed to make them as Stormtroopers. Finn was kind, she could tell. He never teased, even when prodded, and seemed to enjoy their company without needing to be the center of attention. Jess could see why Poe had taken such a fast likeness to the man and was glad to have him around. “Is Rey meeting us down there, Finn? Or should we go get her from her bunk.” Poe directed the sentence at Finn, but raised his eyebrows at Jess. “You’ll like Rey, Jess.” Finn did not pick up on the implications of Poe’s statement, “You will like her. I think General Organa is escorting her down. Something about introductions.” From what Jess had been told of Rey, she was impressed. The girl had been isolated on Jakku, with no family or guidance to help her in the world. She had scavenged for parts to survive, in time learning the inside of machines and becoming quite talented with her mechanics. Jess had also been told that the girl was force sensitive and was their next chance at a Jedi. She could only imagine what the girl must be feeling at that moment, experiencing so many new things, exposed to so many new people. They were all shaken up, but they still had this base to call home. Rey’s world must feel completely upside down now that she’s here. The gathering was to be held in the mess hall, but Jess knew that as the night progressed (and the glasses of Corellian whiskey got bigger) they would be spread throughout the base, some of them even outside. Dinner was being served as usual, but they had arranged a bar with honest to god cocktails, instead of the usual caf and juice. Snap and Kare waved the three of them over to their table where the pilots had already set up some kind of complicated drinking game. Jess smiled at them, knowing that this was going to be a fun night. From her side, Jess noticed Finn’s eyes scanning the crowd. She could only assume that he was looking for his friend. She followed his gaze when he smiled, “Over here!” Jess turned and found the General Walking in their direction. With her, was a girl around Jess’s age. Tall and muscular, her arms toned from what Jess assumed were years of scavenging. Her brown hair was tied back into three neat buns, exposing a jaw line that made Jess all but swoon on the spot. Her lips looked full, her eyes soft and gentle. Like Finn’s. She leaned over into Poe’s ear, “You never told me she was this pretty.” “I wanted you to see for yourself,” Jess couldn’t see his face but she knew he was smirking at her reaction. “Good evening, General Organa.” Poe reached out to shake the older woman’s hand but instead was grabbed and pulled into what looked like a bone crushing hug. “You look so handsome tonight! What a treat it is to see you all dressed up like this!” The general’s eyes were swimming with pride, a pleasant change from the somber expression she had been sporting since the loss of Han Solo. “I’ve been showing Rey here around the room but I was hoping the lot of you would keep her company.” The young girl smiled at them, eyeing the general as if searching for approval, “I’ve shaken so many strangers’ hands already tonight it might be nice to be with friends.” Rey and Finn beamed at each other. She seemed tentative to use the word “friend” but stood a bit straighter when Finn reacted positively. For someone that has just experienced a battle and was presently in the company of hundreds of people she’d never met, Jess was floored by the confidence with which Rey held herself. She seemed tentative but was acutely aware of those around her, any signs of approval making her relax all the more. While any other person would be shy and withdrawn, Rey seemed to blossom in the presence of others. “I’m going to make my rounds. You’ll be comfortable here, Rey?” The general placed a hand on her shoulder and squeezed. “Enjoy your evening everyone,” she pointed at Snap, “And stay out of trouble.” She wagged her finger at the man while he chuckled. “You’ll have no issues from me, ma’am.” He saluted her, a sign of respect that somehow still felt sarcastic coming from the Resistance’s class clown. As General Organa walked away, the pilots resumed their game. Snap handed Jess a glass of whiskey, who gladly knocked a sip back. It burned in a familiar way, both pleasant and acrid. Finn stepped forward, cupping Rey’s elbow in his palm. “How are you doing?” His expression was filled with genuine curiosity and admiration for his friend. “You’ve met all of these guys right?” Rey nodded, tactfully removing herself from his grasp and giving him a look that could only have said “I can do this without you holding my hand.” “Yes Finn, in fact, I think I’ve met every last human, droid, and starship on this base. The General made sure I – I don’t know who she is.” Rey’s eyes had landed on Jess, and in turn, so did their friends’. Jess coughed into her cup, the alcohol getting sucked into her wind pipe as she blushed from being under the other girl’s gaze. “Um,” she coughed, “I’m-“ another cough, “Jessika.” “Way to be smooth,” Kare whispered in her ear smirking, patting Jess on the back. “Jess Pava here is my second in command, both in real life and in the air. I wouldn’t even be here if it weren’t for her.” Poe shot Jess a knowing smirk. “More like resident smart ass and lesbian pilot extraordinaire.” Snap proclaimed, tossing a small white ball into a plastic cup on the other side of the table. “It’s nice to meet you Rey,” Jess grinned and looked down at her shoes. Her ears and cheeks were burning but whether it was from exertion or embarrassment, she didn’t know. “Eat shit, Snap.” He laughed, bouncing a ball off of her shoulder before she stuck her tongue out at him, throwing it back. He dodged it in time, allowing it to hit a sanitation worker at the next table in the back of his head. Both Jess and Snap looked away snickering, trying to avoid a fight. “Are you guys always like this?” Rey was grinning at the interaction around her. “I don’t think I can keep up. There weren’t exactly opportunities for friendship back on Jakku.” Rey had said it with a smile on her face but the statement made Jess’s heart hurt in her chest. The isolation the girl grew up in must have been suffocating. She thought back to the sandy desert she had plucked Poe from and almost cried; that is no way for a young girl to grow up, especially someone with as much potential as Rey. Poe had also picked up the implication of Rey’s comment, the corners of his mouth turning into a frown for a moment. “You know we’re your friends now right?” He winked at her. “So you’re officially part of this band of idiots too.” Rey beamed at him, her nose wrinkling with amusement, “I’ve never been so honored to be referred to as an idiot before.” The group laughed, all of them relieved that their new friend seemed to be enjoying herself. “Would you like something to drink Rey?” Finn offered, resting his hand on Poe’s shoulder. Jess noticed the way Poe’s cheeks tinged red, his eyes glancing briefly at Finn’s fingers. Oh she would tease him about that later, Jess thought to herself. “Poe and I will get you a whiskey.” “Well, actually I’ve never had anything like that before,” the girl shrugged. “Another luxury I lacked at home.” Finn cringed, “Maybe not whiskey then.” “No I’d like to try it! I want to become accustomed to everything you guys have. I promise to take it slow.” “Famous last words!” Jess teased, amused by the naivety in the girl that at the same time carried the weight of the galaxy. She felt that Rey deserved to have every opportunity for fun before the galaxy thrust more responsibility on her. Jess made it her mission to personally see to it that Rey learned what it was like to have a good time. ~ Several hours and multiple glasses of whiskey later, the lot of them were running across the grass outside of the base towards one of the giant hills the building rested between. “Will you guys stop running so fast! Some of us have little legs!” Jess shouted in the boys’ direction. Finn and Poe were holding hands, making a beeline for the top of the hill. In their other hands were the lids to the trash bins they had stolen from the mess hall so they could “sled” on the grass outside, despite the lack of snow. “On second thought,” she threw her own lid on the ground, collapsing beside it, “I think this is about as far as I’m gonna make it.” Jess laid down on her back, out of breath. Her gaze on the sky above her spun slightly, partially thanks to the alcohol in her system but part of the blame definitely fell upon the beautiful girl standing above her. “You can join them, Rey. Leave me here to suffer.” She grinned sheepishly up at her new friend. “I think I’d quite like to stay here with you, thanks.” Rey sat down next time Jess, wrapping hers arms around her knees. “The world is spinning a bit more than I’d prefer it to.” Jess laughed heartily, looking over at her, “Remember when you said you’d take it slow?” Rey blushed, resting her forehead on her arms. “That was before Snap challenged me to that game.” “You’re a loser, Pava!” Poe shouted down to them from the top of the slope, settling his bottom onto the ground. “You can’t lose a game you’re not playing, Dameron!” She chuckled again, throwing an arm over her eyes. “You coming up here, Rey?” Finn yelled, in position next to Poe. She picked her head up, “I’m alright down here, thanks. I’ll watch you guys!” The corners of her eyes crinkled as she gleamed up at her friend. “Be careful!” Jess brought her knees up, planting her feet on the ground with her back still resting on the grass. She smiled to herself as she listened to the boys hoots and hollers as they slid down the green earth, laughing at each other. It had been a long time since anyone had been able to have fun like this and she was relishing every moment. It would only be a matter of time before life got hectic again, before the First Order crawled out of whatever corner it had retreated into. Jess thought of the danger they could be in now and whether or not she should fear for the lives of her friends, the reality of war now a very present memory in her mind. Her gaze fell upon the glittering stars above her, wondering if the people they had lost were really up there like some of the elders used to say. She didn’t know if she quite believed in that, but found comfort in it all the same. “You’re frowning.” Rey pointed out, still resting her head upon her arms. “And you’re staring at me,” Jess teased, tilting her head over to look at Rey. The other girl blushed, turning away as she realized that she had in fact been staring. “I’m sorry.” She brushed a loose lock of hair over her ear, the usually tidy updo coming undone from all of their running around. “You’re quite beautiful.” Jess balked, a mix of laughter and a cough erupting from her throat. “What?” Rey looked over at Jess, with her hair thrown back on the ground, black ribbons among green blades, tangling together. The exposed strip of skin between Jess’s shirt and pants caused Rey to blush again, this time squeezing her eyes shut and giggling. “I’m having a hard time socializing correctly.” Jess joined her in amusement, “You can chock that all back to the whiskey, I’m afraid. It makes you say anything on your mind.” She raised her eyebrows in mock accusation, her heart fluttering before adding “and I must say I’m flattered to know that I’m what’s on your mind.” Rey smiled at her before looking down and playing with the hem of her pants. “I’m sorry if I embarrassed you.” Jess chuckled, rolling her eyes. “Have you heard the way these guys speak to me? It takes a lot more than that to cause me embarrassment.” She rolled onto her stomach, facing the other girl. Rey was looking down, tugging at the blades of grass beneath her. Jess realized she needed to do damage control before Rey receded too far into her own mind. She poked at Rey’s calf with her finger. “Hey. Look at me.” Her friend glanced up sheepishly, her expression exposing the thoughts jumping around in her brain. “Can I ask you what’s on your mind?” Jess held Rey’s gaze, willing her to open up. She nodded, taking in a breath before speaking, “I’m just trying to fit in here. I’ve never been around other people really and I want you guys to like me.” She shrugged, “There was no one to learn from on Jakku. Sometimes it’s like speaking only enough of a language to get by but desperately watching a native speaker to try and learn something. I can watch all I want, but I’m still not sure when I’m making someone uncomfortable.” Jess cupped her chin with her hands, chewing on her reply. What do you say to someone that’s been isolated their entire life but just wants to fit in? “There’s never been a moment in my life where I had to worry about getting along with people. I scavenged for my survival. My worries were far more dire than my worries here.” Rey paused, her eyes following Finn as he slid down the hill again. “I’m just trying to adjust.” “You’re doing a great job, you know.” Jess sat up, putting herself on Rey’s level. “We’ve only been talking for what, a few hours? And here we are chatting like old friends.” Rey smiled a bit, her fingers playing with a blade of grass dangerously close to Jessika’s own hand. “Thank you for listening to me.” She laid on her back, stretching her legs out in front of her. “I think the world is still spinning a bit more than I’d like it to.” Jess laughed at her, standing up and wiping off the back of her pants, “Alright then, I’d say its time all of us went to bed Notes: I'm really proud of this chapter, mostly because it was by far the most fun to write. Let me know how you liked it! Notes: Did you enjoy? Should I upload the next several chapters? I'd love some feedback (and a beta reader, if anyone is interested)! (This is my first piece. I hope you can't tell!)