Being nominated for an Oscar was arguably the highlight of any actors career. It took most of them years and countless flawless performances to get onto the academy’s radar just to receive the honor of a nomination, let alone winning one. To be nominated for two Oscars in one year, when I was only a few months shy of my nineteenth birthday, was something I could never have even dreamed it seemed so far-fetched. And yet here I was, standing on the red carpet in a crimson Ziad Nakad dress. Teamed with a pair of earrings worth sixty-seven thousand dollars and an Oscar De La Renta ruby necklace. All tied together with a beige pair of Giuseppe Zanotti heels. My skin had been caked in pale make-up so I appeared to have the complexion of a porcelain doll, broken by scarlet lips. My long red hair was pulled back into an elegant braid-like design that I could not see but was assured that it looked amazing. Every part of me was flawless. Yet as I stood smiling for the camera’s my mind drifted away from the event that I had dreamed of being a part of to the small golden chain around my wrist, the delicate heeled shoe pendant glistening against the dozens of flashing lights in front of me. I had no idea how much the little pendant cost, but it would easily be the least expensive part of my outfit. It gave me comfort to know that it was there with me, signaling to one person and one person alone that he was still on my mind and in my heart. But I could not dwell on that now as my handler lead me away from the camera’s to a reporter a little ways down the carpet. I clutched the sides of my gown, lifting the skirt slightly so that I could walk without tripping “Ophelia Callis!” announced the reporter as I approached. “Hello.” I greeted as I came to a stop and released my handfuls of dress. “Now Ophelia this is your first time at the Oscar’s isn’t it?” asked the peppy reporter. “Yes it is.” I smiled. “And you are nominated for Best Supporting Actress for Agamemnon and Best Lead Actress in The Room, is that correct?” asked the reporter. “Right again.” I smiled, though it kind of annoyed me when reporters would ask questions they already knew the answer to. “And how do you feel right now?” she asked, thrusting the microphone up to my face. “Nervous, excited, scared and a little bit hungry.” I said honestly, which caused the reporter to laugh. “What have you eaten today?” she asked. “Not enough obviously.” I quipped. “So do you think you have a good chance of winning tonight?” she asked curiously. “Absolutely not! Have you seen my competition?” I asked incredulously, “I’m up against Meryl Streep! No one wins against Meryl.” I scoffed, “Honestly it’s just an honor to even be nominated let alone for two different performances.” “Let’s talk about your first nomination for your role in Agamemnon, now your performance has been compared to that of Heath Ledgers Joker, because of just how chilling and frightening they both are, how do you feel about that?” she asked curiously. “Honestly I think there is no comparison. Heath’s performance was amazing. Mine doesn’t even come close.” I said firmly. “Alright and what about your role in ‘The Room’, which is being hailed as one of the greatest performances of all time?” she asked. I sighed as I thought through my words, I was no stranger to the over-the-top compliment, but I was still learning how to respond when such things were said, “I just showed up on set every day and tried to do my best. I really worked at not only giving a great performance for myself but for Chris as well,” I began. “Chris Pine, your co-star.” She interrupted. Yes Chris Pine my co-star. Who else would I be talking about? “Yes.” I replied simply, “I wanted to give Chris as much as I could so he could really have something to work off.” “Yes, you have had a busy year.” Commented the Reporter, “Can you tell us about your amazing work ethic?” “I get bored easily. So it’s not really a work ethic so much as a short attention span.” I explained. She laughed again, “Can you tell us what you think of Chris Rock hosting tonight?” she asked. “It’s going to be great. Though to tell you the truth every time I hear his voice I just see the Zebra Marty from the Madagascar movies.” I said honestly. “That’s excellent.” Said the reporter, laughing before she turned to stare directly at the camera to give spiel about the two movies I was nominated for. As she talked I let my gaze wander down the carpet to see the other celebrities at the event, George Clooney was giving an interview to my left so I turned to my right and my heart leapt up into my throat. There, a couple of yards away was Oscar Isaac. Looking stunningly handsome in a tuxedo, his dark hair was slicked back and shone under the dazzling sun. I’d only been watching him for a second when his dark gaze moved away from the reporter and met mine across the carpet. I knew there was a camera on me and that I had to keep my face neutral but I could not fight the shy little smile that tugged at my lips at seeing him again after so long apart. He answered with a timid smile of his own, not able to risk anything more than that. I watched as his eyes trailed over my body, taking in my whole appearance. I was suddenly very self-conscious of the way I was standing and how I looked. I knew I looked beautiful, but did I look beautiful to him? Did he see me and still see the girl he wanted? Or had I become someone he no longer recognized? There were moments when I woke up and I couldn’t even recognize myself anymore. But my worry was short lived as his gaze met mine once more, everything I had wanted to see was there, his dark eyes smoldered as they burned into mine. But it was only there for a moment, before he schooled his face into an appropriate mask and smiled a little too enthusiastically. As if we were just old friends noticing one another across the carpet. I gave a small wave in response. We were being watched. We had to play our parts. “Who are you waving at?” demanded the reporter. I tore my gaze away from Oscar and looked back at the reporter, “Oscar Isaac.” I smiled, as if saying his name did not cause my heart to ache. “How do you feel about his nomination for Best Actor in Agamemnon?” she asked. “Very deserving.” I said diplomatically as I chose my words carefully, “He was an absolute force of nature on set so it makes sense that it translated into his performance and he was nominated.” “That’s great.” She smiled, “Good luck tonight, Ophelia.” “Thank you.” I smiled as I grabbed two fistfuls of my dress again and moved away, following my handler once more. Now that I was free from the direct line of a camera I let my expression drop as I stared at my feet, concentrating on not stepping on the hem of my dress. I really had to marvel at how Oscar and I had gotten here. To a place where we could not even smile at one another in public without fear of what people would say about it. What they would think and more dangerously what they would print. He’s thirty-eight and she’s eighteen, that’s a twenty year age gap! How inappropriate for them to be together! Ophelia is just another child star that has ruined her life. Oscar is taking advantage of her! What must her parents think? They had obviously gotten together before she was eighteen, that’s against the law… We had come so far from where everything had begun. … I fluffed my hair for what felt like the thousandth time that morning and checked my outfit; I was wearing my lucky yellow pumps with a white skirt and beige top. My denim jacket resting on the bathroom counter along with my white handbag. I fiddled with my gold necklace nervously, today was the first day I would be meeting the star cast of the new movie I was in, called Agamemnon. Which wasn’t so much about the Greek’s invasion of Troy but the events leading up to the climactic event with the wooden horse. As well as what happened afterwards. It was an all-star cast, Jenifer Lawrence as the beautiful Helen of Troy with James McAvoy as her husband Menelaus. Nicholas Hoult would be playing Paris, who steals Helen from Menelaus. Richard Madden was playing Prince Hector, elder brother to Paris, and Oscar Isaac would play Agamemnon, elder brother to Menelaus. Russell Crowe was playing Priam, King of Troy and father to Hector, Cassandra and Paris. I had been cast as Cassandra, the sister of Paris and Hector who predicts the downfall of Troy. The role itself was quite interesting as not only was Cassandra a prophet, but she was a little insane which brought with it a unique challenge. One that I normally would have been happy to rise to, but now I felt the pressure of my acting needing to be of the same standard as the brilliant actors around me. At aged seventeen I was the youngest and most inexperienced cast member and I felt that stigma with every move I made. Instead of tackling that insurmountable fear, I had decided to fret over what I was wearing. Assuring myself that I indeed looked fine, I headed out of the bathroom and made my way down the hall to the meeting room at Universal Studios in LA. The movie had taken such a long time to be put together, as epic Historical films often were, now that I was finally getting to sit in a room and read through the script with the other actors I could hardly believe it. I’d spent almost an entire year auditioning for the role of Cassandra only to find out I had gotten the part three months ago. That time had been spent negotiating contracts, sorting schedules, then doing costume fittings and make-up tests. Now we were all getting final copies of the elusive script after extensive rewrites before we began shooting next week. It was all such a big shift from my normal acting life. I had of course acted in movies before, but they had all been relatively small budgeted, under the five million dollar mark. This film had over one-hundred million in budget! With the exception of the X-Men movie that had launched my career but I had only been on one scene at the end of the movie. I had been quite young and the magnitude of the film had really been sheltered from me. My normal work day was spending four months in Vancouver working on the ‘X-Men Origins’ television series for HBO. I played a teenaged Jean Grey opposite McAvoy’s young Professor X. After the success of the movies, the studios had decided to turn the franchise into a series. And thus began my career as an actress. I’d actually heard about the part of Cassandra from James, who had been given his part of Menelaus without auditioning. Lucky Bastard. If it wasn’t for him I doubted I would have had the courage to even audition for a movie like this, let alone act in one. Despite having been acting since I was thirteen, I still found auditions to be a frightful process and longed for the days when my talent would be as well-known as James and not have to audition for parts. Walking down the hallway I spotted a dark haired man standing in front of a vending machine, jabbing at the buttons angrily as he tapped the side of the machine loudly. It only took me a moment to realize that the man was Oscar Isaac himself. My breath caught in my throat and I did an awkward half step as I almost stopped in shock. Oscar Isaac was a brilliant actor and one I had admired for quite some time. His performances as the bad guy in ‘Sucker Punch’ and ‘Robin Hood’ were absolutely brilliant, but his roles his lead roles in movie like ‘Inside Llewyn Davis’ showed off not only his whole range as an actor but as a performer who was not only charismatic and charming, but could sing and had a real intelligence about him. I’d seen a lot of his movies, but seeing him in person was different; he was taller than I had imagined and his skin was a little more tanned than it appeared in movies. And he was, of course, extremely handsome. His chiseled jaw and wide brown eyes were the defining features of his face; he had a dark dusting of facial hair around his mouth and jawline that I found ruggedly handsome. Taking a deep breath I continued on my way. Trying to keep my head held high and deliberately not stare at Oscar like I wanted to. As I approached he smacked the machine in frustration before he turned to look at me, “You got a dollar?” he asked. It took me far longer than it should have to realize he was talking to me, “Oh.” I said in shock as I realization dawned on me, yes, he was talking to me. No I had not imagined it, “Yes.” I replied as I opened my handbag and fished around inside for my wallet; I found a crumpled green note of American money and held it out to him, “Here.” I smiled. “Thanks.” He replied, eyeing me for a moment in what seemed to me to be a very critical look before he took the dollar and placed it into the machine. I stood awkwardly for a moment waiting for him to speak to me again as anxious and excited butterflies flapped wildly in my stomach. He looked over at me, seeming confused, or annoyed, that I was still there. Taking the hint, I quickly scurried away, flicking my long red hair over my shoulder I rounded the corner of hallway, releasing a breath I hadn’t realized I’d been holding. My first interaction with one of my favorite actors had consisted on five words from him and one from me. Unremarkable by anyone’s standards yet my heart was beating so fast in my chest I thought it sounded more like a hum than a beat. Smiling like a dazed idiot, I made my way down to room three-hundred and four that would serve as our meeting room. Notes: Hello Lovelies, I know this story is a little late, given that the story is mostly set in 2016 and we've just entered 2017 but I figured its better late than never. To find out more about the story and see all the little extras that go with it, check out my tumblr: http://teaenthusiast65.tumblr.com/