Rey feels herself jerk awake. She slowly tests her restraints as her eyes adjust to the light. Then she sees him. Crouching in front of her, she didn't sense any violence from him. He seemed curious. His black clothing seeming heavy and harsh in the lights of the room. Like a shadow waiting to devour the light. Why did she feel like she could almost taste this creature's thoughts? Somewhere beneath the metal and leather, she felt something reaching out to her. This feeling of heaviness was all around her and she felt fear trickle down her spine like icy venom. Realization bloomed in her mind and she felt suddenly hot. She remembered what had happened before. “Where am I?” she asked her voice sounds thin and a quiver of fear threads through her voice. Rey has never been trapped like this before. She has always had a way to fight out. The metal shackles have a finality to them that sends chills deep within her. “You’re my guest.” and this man, for he must be a man, sounded so pleased with himself. The tone conveyed an excitement Rey felt wary of. “Where are the others?” Rey asks, her tone hopeful but detached. As if already accepting that if he had found an insignificant person like her in the woods, everyone else must have been captured or killed. “You mean the murderers, traitors, and thieves you call friends?” he paused only briefly, the ominous sound of his breath coming through the mask. “You'll be relieved to hear I have no idea.” He tilts his head as though listening to a distant sound, “You still want to kill me?” His voice curious at the violence he seems to sense coming from her. “That happens when you are being hunted by a creature in a mask.” She was tired and exasperated by the insanity of the world around her. Of course, she was only doing what anyone would do. He stands. And seems to stare at her. She feels his eyes staring through her as he slowly reaches up and removes his mask. As first she can't understand what she is seeing. This young man, he has no blemish. Only soft, dark eyes full of despair and full lips that are stark against a pale face. She feels herself staring. Unsure at how someone so evil could look like that. He walks over to a pedestal holding ashes that he slams his mask down on. Rey almost flinches at the sound. He is much closer to her now. He stands over her and she glances at his face. He looks almost like he is staring at a puzzle. She looks away unsure of why he is so intent upon her. She is nothing. “Tell me about the droid.” His question sends her back into a feeling a normalcy. Makes her feel more grounded and less like she is spinning. She spouts off and resists. She knows his quest and he will not have it. She may not be special or strong or any million of things but she would not betray her friends. He senses her willfulness and her mind to him is like that of a child, defenseless. Only her many years of sorrow and pain clouded what he could see. He is suddenly closer to Rey. His hand ghosting her cheek. She feels all the cells in her body suddenly seem to have this buoyancy. Like she was filled with fire and light. In his eyes she can see he senses this change and he cups her face. “I can take anything I want. You know that.” his voice is deep with temptation and warning. Suddenly, her heart feels as though it is being dragged through all her hardships and memories at once. Her life like shards of glass with different facets of emotion all leading down to a deep, dark well of loneliness and longing. “Don't be afraid, I feel it too.” Rey stares at him in shock. She feels his loneliness. Like dark feathers against her mind she feels all these different emotions, his emotions. She can feel his rage and hatred and it burns cold. He felt like a night breeze through her burning mind. Her mind both reaching for and repelling this invasion. His voice was soothing as hot tears fled down her eyes like all lies she had told herself about her family. It was like he had struck some invisible cord deep within her. She felt this energy around her and she felt her mind stretch against his. Shock echoed in his mind. His eyes staring at her, his hand reaching out trying to control this energy. She brushed up against something. Like mist and rage. Midnight and lightning. She pierced through this veil and suddenly it was like she was truly seeing this man, this Kylo Ren. His mind was like a still pond all hint of turmoil and danger deep within the well. It was like her fingers grazed the water of pool. Images and flashes of thought. Emotions and knowledge pore in like daggers of ice. There is pain but also some other feeling lurks. It is indescribable to have knowledge so intimate and to be known so intimately. Fear rises up within her again as she pushes against how entangled she has become in him. She fears how deeply he sees into her. Their minds unlock from each other. Like lingering tendrils of feeling and thought. He stares at her as she realizes she has said something to him to stop this. Yet, still there is this faint feeling nestled in the back of her head. It is only then she realizes he has turned and left.