Paranoia I sat down at the foot of my bed and reached into the dresser drawer. A sigh born of hopelessness escaped my lips. Stop being so damn dramatic! I scolded myself as I chose a pair of panties and started to put them on. A strange sound, like metal clacking against metal came from my closet. I stared in its general direction, eyes narrowed, but the sound did not repeat itself. I huffed, annoyed. I had fifteen minutes to dress. If I took any longer I’d be late and God knew, a one hundred dollar missed appointment fee was the last thing I needed. I pulled the clean pair of jeans, I’d laid out on the bed earlier and a coral lace cami, then went to the mirror to check my makeup. My reflection showed the same Y/C hair, and Y/C eyes, set into the same face I’d been looking at my entire life, with one slight modification, the woman before me looked well. Perhaps Doctor Hux would see that face, the face of a young woman that looked confident, put together, and believe that I was better. Part of me hoped that it would happen. The part that didn’t want to get better whispered in my mind that I would be better off without treatment. The pills change you. You can’t feel. It’s not right. Don’t you want to be who you really are? The voice asked. I stared at the orange bottle and the chalky diamond shaped medication inside. I considered not taking them. My feelings were the only thing that had driven me my entire life. Every decision, every desire, every whim had been powered by pure often unfathomable emotion and the treatment had muted it. The void it left behind had me floundering. I won’t take them today. I decided and put on my sweater. I was already taking my keys off the hook when I remembered the accident. The possibility that I would encounter traffic on the way home made my throat tighten in fear and I turned right back around. Grumbling under my breath, I headed straight to the dresser and opened the bottle. Fat blue pill pressed between my fingers, I went and served myself a glass of water. “Fuck.” I hissed in exasperation and popped the pill into my mouth. I drank the water, ignoring the bitter taste of the residue on my tongue. My phone lighted up showing a quarter after one and I was out the door faster than you could say “Lamictal”. * “Good Afternoon, Miss Y/L/N. How are you feeling today?” Doctor Hux asked, shaking my hand. It seemed more like an after-thought than anything else. Under his white lab coat, he wore an expensive looking olive green button up shirt and impeccably pressed black slacks. He was a very handsome man. From the place my head stopped, (just below his shoulder) I guessed he stood about six foot one. His high cheek bones and pouty lips would make super models cry. Doctor Hux gestured for me to enter the room before him and I noticed something shiny around his wrist. His watch was a Blancpain. I frowned. Though he usually dressed fashionably, I found it no less unsettling that my psychiatrist earned so high an income. I shook my head as though it would stop the thoughts from forming. “You seem a bit distracted. Have you given anymore thought to taking Adderall?” He shut the door behind him as I took my usual seat. “As I have told you before, I believe it would greatly benefit you to do so.” He reminded me, sitting behind his desk. “Thank you, but I don’t feel comfortable taking anything else right now.” I replied, nervously. A small thread sticking out of the seam of my sweater tickled my wrist and I began to pick at it. “I see,” Was all he said as he clicked open whatever screens he usually used for our sessions. “How have you been feeling?” He asked, sky blue eyes fixed on me. I found it intimidating. “I feel fine.” I tried not to shrink back into the chair. “No mood swings?” He clicked something on the screen in front of him. I shook my head in the negative. “No impulsive urges? No speeding, shopping sprees, one night stands?” He asked dispassionately. A lock of his ginger colored hair had escaped its neat styling. “No.” I muttered. “Lying whore.” I looked up, bewildered to find him watching me, passively. “I’m sorry, what?” I asked as calmly as I could manage. “Have you had any impulsive urges that have resulted in dangerous behavior?” He reiterated, combing the strand back into place with long dexterous fingers. “No.” I answered, relieved. “Good.” We sat in silence for a while, except for the clicking of his mouse. My eyes wandered his Spartan office and I was soon bored. He had no photographs of friends or family, no novelty paper weights or coffee mugs, no indication that he led any sort of life outside of his profession. I tried to imagine Doctor Hux doing something normal: going to dinner with friends, picking up coffee at a Starbucks drive thru, grocery shopping, but nothing really fit. It was like trying to imagine a horse walking on two legs, bizarre. “And during your menstrual cycle?” His crisp London accent disrupted my musings. “I feel kind of… depressed.” I confessed. “Very depressed or a bit less good-humored than usual?” He pressed. “uh… less good-humored?” I’d meant it as an answer, but it came out a question. “Hmmm…” He clicked something on the screen. “Do you have any concerns about the medication you are currently taking?” I shook my head ‘no’. He shot me an annoyed look. “Well, sort of…” I conceded looking down at my lap. “Is-is paranoia one of the side effects of my medication?” I asked tugging at the sleeve of my sweater. “No. Have you been sleeping well?” “Not really.” I sighed. He frowned, his crystalline blue gaze assessing. “Are you taking the Ambien I prescribed on your last visit?” “I…forgot to pick it up.” I admitted sheepishly. He shook his head, tutting his tongue disapprovingly. “I will send in another prescription to our pharmacist, but you must promise me that you will use it this time.” He urged. “Yes, sir.” I murmured, absently examining the laces of my black combat boots. “Good girl.” My gaze shot straight to him, but he kept typing as though he hadn’t spoken. I was half afraid that he hadn’t. He typed out the prescription quickly and stood, holding out one large pale hand. I took it, shaking it warily. “I will see you in two weeks.” I nodded. He opened the door, holding it for me as I picked up my purse and headed into the hallway. I had never been so relieved to leave his office. Chapter 2 : Instincts Summary: fight or flight? Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) I couldn’t sleep that night. The strange taste of my visit to Doctor Hux stayed imbedded in my tongue, souring my thoughts. My mind was a mess, each idea more erratic and sinister than the last. You’re crazy. You are nothing. You finally lost your mind. Whore. You are less than nothing. Useless. What am I doing? Total waste of space. Stop it! Worthless. No! Slut. “ FUCK!” I couldn’t bare it. Not for another second. I jumped up from my bed and threw open my door. Picking up my purse, I turned it over, dumping its contents onto the kitchen counter. My shit went everywhere. I heard change rolling under the cabinets, but I didn’t care. I grabbed onto the white paper bag and tore it open. A white bottle came tumbling out. Pressing the cap down, I twisted it off and began jabbing my finger into the shiny foil barrier. “Son of a bitch.” I muttered, at the continued fruitlessness of my ministrations. I brought a fork out of the closest drawer and stabbed my way in. Take that, fucker. I tore the hole wider and reached in, pushing aside cotton until I could get to the pills. I didn’t bother with water. I tossed the pill back and dry swallowed. Afraid to go back into my room, I went straight to the living room. I threw myself onto the sofa and sighed. There was a brown spot on my ceiling. I frowned at the water damage. I would have to call maintenance about it. My apartment wasn’t the best, but I my paid rent damn it. If anything, it had to go on some sort of record that I had at least tried to get it fixed. Muffled shouting came from the apartment above. Ugh… not again. I briefly considered getting up to get my broom. Two college boys lived up there and the sons of bitches were always bickering about something or other. My trusty broom handle usually broke up their fights, but suddenly it seemed to be much too far away. I yawned tiredly, wondering who ate whose food or which one finished the dish soap and didn’t replace it. My eyelids were suddenly much too heavy to keep open. I heard something, but I was so exhausted, I couldn’t get my eyes to open again. I was vaguely aware that someone was in the room with me. My instincts cried out that I should be running, kicking, fighting, but my strength had left me completely. “Beautiful.” A deep voice murmured reverently against my temple. I tried to move away, only managing to flinch. Warm breath caressed my cheek, but any inclination I had to move was fading and fading fast. Chapped lips pressed gently against my own taking a kiss I was far from able to willingly give. I tried to comprehend what was happening as two arms burrowed underneath my body, lifting me as though I were weightless; sleep pulled me under. * I screamed myself awake. My lungs burned like I had run for miles. Someone had taken me. I’d come to the realization in my sleep and woken to find that it was true. Terrified, I reached out into the pitch black and felt nothing, but cool air. Focusing on my surroundings, I found that there was a familiar cushion beneath me that could only be a mattress. I reached out to my left, expecting to feel the floor, but my hand touched nothing. I swallowed around the lump that seemed to have formed in my throat. Hesitantly, I swung my legs over the edge and began to lower myself onto my feet. The floor was cold. My feet were bare, but I would risk stepping on something sharp if it helped me get my bearings. I took two careful steps forward. Nothing stopped me, so I took another two, and then a third. The fourth brought me to a wall. I took a deep breath and ran my palm against it. From the smell of damp earth, I surmised that I was underground. The wall was mostly smooth, I felt my way along it, noticing a pattern, five or six inches of smooth space and then a long vertical groove. My mind provided me with an image of wood paneling and I held on to it like a lifeline. Before I could reach the corner, I bumped my toe and yelped. A sound came from the other side of the door and I froze. Voices. I couldn’t make out what they were saying, but one of them was louder than the other as if the speaker were angry. Panicking, I scrambled backwards, making a blind dash for the bed. My thighs bumped into the edge of the mattress. I ignored the pain and climbed back up onto the bed just as I heard the door open. My head whipped toward it so fast it hurt. White light blinded me for a moment as my eyes adjusted. A man I had never seen before stood in the doorway, chocolate brown eyes fixated on me. “You’re awake.” He sounded relieved. Running his hand through his long raven hair, he sighed. A small smile played at his full lips as he stepped toward the bed. I didn’t move. He was taller than any man I had ever seen. His broad shoulders and the strength they boasted made me afraid to even breathe. “You had me worried for a while there, Princess. You were asleep for a very long time.” He told me as he sat on the corner of the bed. “I…I took a pill.” I said more to myself than him as I remembered my fight with the bottle of Ambien. “Do you feel okay? You want some water?” He asked with an expression of concern. I was confused. He spoke with such familiarity, as if he’d known me for a long time and his concern seemed so genuine. I nodded cautiously. He opened a door on my right. Having been in the dark before, I hadn’t seen it. He flipped a switch and a light came on, revealing a small bathroom. He picked up a paper cup, from a stack on the counter by the sink and started to fill it with water. My eyes travelled along the counter, a soap pump and tooth brush holder. I blinked. They were lavender, identical to the ones in my apartment. I bolted up, jumping off the bed and launching myself out the door. “Y/n!” He shouted my name, but I paid him no mind. I ran across the outer room with a singular goal in mind. Get to the stairs. He was on me before I could touch the banister. “No! Let go of me!” I cried out, desperate to escape the muscular arm around my waist. I screamed. It fell on deaf ears. He dragged me backwards, across the space. I focused all of my energy into making myself heavy. I was willing to bet everything I had that he could not support my full weight. I was wrong. With strength, I’d never imagined any one man capable of, he hauled me into the wood paneled room, tossing me onto the bed with ease. “What is THE MATTER WITH YOU?!” He shouted. I clambered toward the head of the bed. I didn’t stop until my back hit the wall. “I go out of my way to make sure you have everything you need, to make sure that you’re comfortable and you thank me by trying to run away?!” His dark eyes full of rage scalded my very soul with fear. “Ungrateful bitch!” He hollered out right. “I’ll show you what happens to little girls that don’t listen!” My eyes widened as his hands went to his belt. He unbuckled it with ease even in his fury. The formidable sound of leather sliding free from denim had me on my feet in an instant. I shifted my weight from foot to foot, bouncing slightly on the mattress as I looked for an escape route. He stood between me and the door. The way we’d come was not a viable option. My heart raced, my breathing picking up out of fear. My eyes darted to the door on my right. I dove for the bathroom without a second thought. He growled like an angry beast. I landed chest first and gasped. The air was forced from my lungs, but I didn’t dare let it stop me. I crawled further into the bathroom. My knee cleared the door and then, his thick fingers closed around my ankle. He yanked me backwards with such force that the floor squeaked as my belly was dragged across it. I kicked out hard with my free leg, but it didn’t seem to deter him in the least. Half way between the bed and the bathroom, he straddled my body. He forced my arms behind my back, binding my wrists together with his belt. My mind searched desperately for a way out of it, tripped on the terrible realization that there wasn’t one, and then began to drown in the facts. This was really happening. It was in his power to do whatever he wanted with me and I had no way to stop him. He pulled my night shirt up past my backside and I gasped. “Y-you don’t have to do this!” A panicked voice I hardly recognized as my own, cried out breathlessly. “Please, listen to me!” His hand stopped tugging at the waistband of my panties. “You’re a-a good person! You don’t want to do this! I can tell!” I plead, tears threatening to spill at any second. “You’re right. I don’t want to do this,” He stated clear as crystal. “but you broke the rules and now, you have to be punished.” Twin tears ran down my face. The last vestiges of hope snuffed out in one devastating moment. “I’m sorry.” I sobbed unable to accept defeat. “I’m sorry.” “Not yet, baby girl, but you will be.” He promised, wrenching my panties down my thighs in one fluid movement. Notes: ....like I said....DL:DR Next Chapter, shit gets Graphic.