The Co-Commander Summary: Hux meets with Snoke, and Phasma sees what Hux truly needs. Hux steadied himself as the Finaliser neared Arkanis. Not for the first time his thoughts returned to his time at the Academy, and wondered what he would make of the new officers about to be selected to serve the Order under his watch. Whether any other Omegas would be graduating, or had even survived basic training. Whether any such individuals would successfully hide their designation with the right combination of suppressants and Alpha scent cologne as he had been forced to by his father before enrolling. Whether any others could overcome the natural disadvantages of their status well enough for promotion- Lieutenants, Captains, Majors... "The Supreme Leader requires an audience, General" Hux pinched the bridge of his nose at the communications Petty Officer's words, breaking out of his pipe dream and crashing back to his Omega-free reality. "At once; Unamo, you have the conn". What could Snoke possibly want that could not wait until he was planetside? The slight tingling that precipitated a migraine began behind his eyes, scarcely noticing the hurried salutes as Stormtroopers and Officers alike jumped out of his way. Jabbing his thumb on the biometric entry pad with a bit more frustration than necessary, the dark holochamber provided a brief respite from the harsh hallway lighting. Brief, as the blue tinged image of the mysterious Supreme Leader flickered in to life before him the moment he was in his accustomed position before the dais. "General" the image intoned "You are about to collect your your newest recruits from the Academy". Hux said nothing, but maintained eye contact despite the sudden sinking feeling in his stomach and increasing throbbing in his temples. "My apprentice will also be joining you. You will have Officers quarters allocated for his use. He will be given joint command of the Finaliser" Had Hux been a lesser man, he may have shown some reaction to this news. Of course, if he had done so he would have been stripped of his commission and dignity on his way out of an airlock before he could even think of articulating such a protest. Instead, he bowed his head. "Your will, Supreme Leader". The hologram imitated a smile and in a less severe voice assured Hux "You are the most capable, ruthless and loyal Officer in the Order. Your peers and those who claim to be your betters are inefficient or will attempt to betray us to the Republic. I have seen it through the Force" Ah, yes. Supreme Leader is so very fond of the mystical, allegedly all-powerful Force that couldn't actually be used to any good purpose Hux could see. Hux made sure to drown out his distain for parlour tricks by thanking Snoke for his faith in him. Snoke merely laughed, or made a noise Hux hoped was laughter, raising his hand. Hux stopped at once. "These are statements of fact, not mere flattery. This is why I entrust him to you. My apprentice will join you after the commissioning ceremony. His name is Kylo Ren, and whatever quarters you designate him I suggest you ensure contain a separate room for his meditation, unless you want to turn over your starboard conference room. I have directed for a gift to be sent to your rooms before the ceremony so you can prepare for his....parlour tricks. Or do not, the choice is yours". With that the hologram disappeared, leaving Hux to his growing migraine. What could Supreme Leader possibly consider a gift? Hux wished for a whole other ship so he wouldn't face the inevitable counter-commands and disrespect to his finely tuned command, but that would be difficult to arrange a service droid to bring in to an hotel room. Does this Kylo Ren even have any understanding of the Order's structure? Or how proud Hux was of his flagship? Hux scowled his way to his quarters, pondering the nature of his new...colleague. ** Millicent was around his ankles the moment Hux entered his quarters. She always knew when a migraine was forcing its way around his brain and he scooped her up to a delighted purr. "What do you think I should do with him, Millie?" Millicent looked thoughtful and mewed as Hux opened his medicine drawer. His hand hovered over the suppressants disguised as indigestion relief, counting just enough to last the conference before opening his migraine medication. He took two fast-acting tablets with a finger of Corellian brandy, before shifting Millicent to his shoulders where she curled like an expensive scarf and began purring. Hux sank into his well-worn desk chair to tackle the issue whilst it was fresh in his thoughts. He had already designated quarters for the new Officers, meaning Snoke had given him a very difficult juggling task. He rubbed Millicents cheek affectionately whilst looking over a projection of the Finaliser's Officer section. His eyes fell on the very end set rooms, which contained a study area that could be cleared quickly. The rooms were normally kept empty for his father's brief visits to inspect the Stormtroopers and his sole remaining son. Hux positively beamed as he altered the designation from 'Guest Quarters Alpha' to 'Kylo Ren'. After all, quarters sufficient for the infamous Commandant Brendol Hux would certainly be paradise for a Knight of Ren, who probably lived like some kind of monk. Hux shook himself from wondering if the Knight had had comparable liaisons through his training with the Force to Hux's own Academy days. "That should keep Father away a brief spell longer" he thought as he entered his authorisation code and hovered over the confirmation. A small chill shot up his spine as he reread 'Alpha'. Surely the Supreme Leader would only have a powerful Alpha as his apprentice? The reason Hux had to hide his designation as an Omega was the widespread contempt for Omegas as a weak, submissive and generally inferior breed of human next to the reliable Betas who made up most of his crew or the domineering Alphas he passed himself off as. His thoughts drifted to the last time he spoke with his mother, how eager she was for grandchildren and some sense of stability in her only son's life. An Alpha would be able to provide- "NO!" Hux hit the table with a tight fist. This was assigning quarters to a Knight of Ren, not considering a dating opportunity. This Kylo Ren may well not even be human. Snoke certainly wasn't if his holo image was anything to judge by. Hux got up to retrieve Millicent from under his bed where she had bolted at his sudden movement, cooing and apologising gently. He took her to the kitchenette and placed her in her favourite spot by the transparisteel window, pouring her a saucer of synthetic Nerf milk. The apology was acceptable and Millicent lapped it gently whilst Hux indulged himself in preparing a salmon fillet. Noticing Millicent s hungry eyes, he doubled the portion in the steamer and commed Phasma. "Captain Phasma". Always professional, one of many reasons Hux trusted her so implicitly. "Gwen, Armitage. Come by my quarters at 22:30?" She sighed. Hux only called like this when he needed something. "I will bring the ice cream" "Its not good for Millicent to have too much!" She had been a little heavy on his shoulders. "For you! Millie isn't fat anyway. I'm sure she is lithe as ever" Phasma disconnected as Hux gave Millicent an affectionate rub. "Spoiled girl". But Hux loved her, and she knew it. They ate in companionable silence, Hux flaking Millicent's salmon and blowing on it so she didn't burn her mouth. He nearly laughed at the image he must make; the youngest and most ambitious General in the First Order, acting like some Twi'lek slave to a creature without higher speech abilities. Once the plates were cleared away he returned to his desk and began the usual tedium of reports on the proposed Starkiller project - a project of his own design more ambitious than either Death Star with significantly more destructive power. He was still absorbed in tenders for materials from minor systems seeking favour with the rising power of the Order when Phasma requested entry at 22:30 precisely. He granted entry and looked up just as Millicent charged full speed towards her second favourite human before trying to climb her long legs. Plasma laughed gently at the display and presented a new catnip mouse, to Millicent's delight. "Bad news from Supreme Leader? Unamo said you never returned to the bridge after your sudden meeting". Small talk was as alien a concept to Phasma as disloyalty from the Stormtroopers she oversaw, meaning she always cut straight to the point. Never tactlessly though; she placed a tub of strawberries and cream ice cream on top of a heavy manilla folder from Geonosis. Hux opened it gratefully and outlined his conversation with Snoke as Phasma paled and sat on the sofa only she and Millicent had ever been invited to use. "Co-command? With you?!? You can't even share ice cream let alone your precious Finaliser!" Hux looked up from his spoonful of pink sweetness to give Phasma a half hearted glare. "I share with Millicent!" "Millicent helps herself. That's hardly sharing, Armitage". To prove the Captain's point, Millicent jumped on the table and sniffed delicately at the tub. Hux resealed it and placed it in his freezer. "That's exactly what this Kylo Ren is doing, helping himself to my ship, MY command! I earned this commission and the Finaliser, and some cape wearing space wizard just takes half of what I worked for!" Hux began venting as he poured doubles of his Corellian brandy for the Captain and himself. "Calling him 'some space wizard' won't get you laid, Armitage". Plasma accepted her drink cooly as Hux spluttered, his complexion matching his hair. "Besides, I have seen the Knights in combat. They came in useful during the ambush on Endor. Don't dismiss their abilities so quickly". "What- why could you possibly think- He may not even be an Alpha, or attractive, have you considered my tastes, Gwen? Or human!" Hux talked himself in circles until Millicent brought her new catnip mouse to his feet, breaking his train of thought. Plasma looked him in the eye. "Yes, he is an Alpha. Very much so, and unmated. If I weren't mated already to Saphhy, not to mention disinterested in men, I might have welcomed him trying to claim me despite us both being Alphas. Whilst I haven't seen under that infamous helmet he likes so much to confirm the doe eyes you usually drool over, I can say for sure he is tall, strong, well built and very Alpha. In short, your type exactly". Hux huffed as Millicent played at his feet. Plasma had known his designation from their early days together and unlike most who discovered his secret, hadn't changed her view on him and consequently found herself out of the nearest airlock. The down side to having such a perceptive confidante was how she knew him better than he often knew himself. "So, you're telling me that he's human". Hux couldn't meet her eye, and was aware of the full blush across his face. Phasma smirked as she placed her drained glass on his desk. "And you already want him to stick you with the business end of his" she winked "Light saber. Anyway, goodnight, Armitage. Get some rest, the ceremony is tomorrow and you need to be ready to collect your mysterious gift from Supreme Leader" She knelt down and fussed Millicent. "Goodnight Millie baby! Keep the big bad Alpha out of Daddy's quarters, okay?" Hux glowered as he finished his drink. "07:30 tomorrow Captain, ready to transfer senior officers to the hotel once we land on Arkanis. Do thank your wife for her concern but I am fine". As Phasma headed out the door, he added, "And I do NOT want this Ren to poke me with his saber!" He could see her laughing as the doors sealed behind her. Notes: My first dive in to the Kylux fandom *shy wave* I hope you like it, please comment if, and what, you like <3 Spot the Ewok massacre! As her first name isn't revealed in canon sources, Unamo has been named after Sappho, the great Greek lesbian poet. Similarly, I have named Phasma after the beautiful actress who plays her. All characters, places etc remain the intellectual property of Disney and LucasFilms.