Prologue The train had parted from New York at 9:00. Two women were sitting in an empty carriage..One of them was middle aged and the other looked to be somewhere in her teens. The older woman contemplated her companion for minutes. The girl seemed to being travelling alone. But so young a girl doing such a long trip? She had a bag at the side of her seat, small, and in her lap a notebook. Martha was growing bored and the voyage was overly long. “Are you travelling alone, dear?” She asked kindly. The girl stopped her writing and gave her a tiny nod. “Yes.” “Are you in for the holidays? Aren’t the kids still in school at this time?” She asked herself if she was being impertinent because the young woman hazel’s eyes grew suddenly cold. “I’m visiting my… uncle. He’s going to get me a job.” A job? How old was she? “And you, ma’am?” The girl asked back, her low pitched voice was almost mocking. “Oh, I’m visiting my daughter.” The young woman nodded again and the awkward silence surrendered the train carriage again. The girl went back to her notebook; the scratches of her pen on the paper and the obvious sound of the train were the only things that broke the silence. The girl glared at the woman, a little happy that she had shut up. She sighed. Questions wouldn’t be unusual while travelling, she had to accept that, but it was making her nervous about how much time she really had left with the stranger. “That’s pretty, can I see it?” The lady’s annoying voice kicked her out of her thoughts; she was pointing the golden locket resting on her chest. Maybe if she were distracted she would shut up. The girl took off the chain and put the locket on the old lady’s hands, who admired it, almost nostalgic. The woman opened the jewel, eaten by curiosity. It was weird to find such a fine piece in the hands of a young girl and not her mother. The locked separated in two pieces, each one with a little photo: the first two were a young couple, their faces happy, facing each other smiling, the other was a child, no more than two years probably. She looked at the couple again; the woman was beautiful, brown hair, adorned with a white ribbon, her face… The girl started to breathe heavily when the woman looked at her and again to the locket. How could she be so clumsy? No one was so blind to not see the resemblance. “Wait…” the woman rambled. Oh, no. “These are your parents, right?” The lady asked, her blue eyes looking at her with innocence. “What?” “Your parents, the day of their wedding isn’t it? Not many kids keep photographs like this.” The young woman’s body relaxed when she took again the locket and put it in place. She nodded to please her companion. “Yes, yes, my parents.” “Oh, I’m sorry if I’ve been obtrusive, dear. My name is Martha Dare.” She lowered herself and extended her hand to the girl, who looked at her hand a moment and then shook it, unsure. ”And you’re…?” The brunette bit her lips. She didn’t know if it was safe to give her name. Who cares? No one knows who you are. But I know. “My name?” She said, a million of voices screaming in her head. Reyna. Rey. Mummy. No one knows who you are. You don’t exist anymore. She smiled sadly. “A pleasure, Mrs. Dare… My name is Rey.” It was strange to hear her own name after weeks of silence. Rey gave the woman the talk that she wanted. It was better, she thought, to appear more normal. A girl, she said herself, just a girl, maybe in her late teens, running away from home, finding a job; or just simply trying to belong to a place. The woman, Martha, was happy talking about herself once she had a little idea of what her companion was doing and where she was going. She told Rey about her daughter and grandchildren, giving that look once a while that old ladies gave girls when they talked about children. “Is your uncle coming to receive you to the station?” Martha asked while they begun to took their bags. Rey shook her head. “I have to go to work immediately,” She said drily. “I will probably see him tonight-” “Oh, dear, how is that possible?” Martha said, scandalised. ”That man is not going to receive you after such a long trip? And work immediately? What kind of arrangement is that?” The kind that people do to earn a place to sleep at night. “I’ll be fine, ma’am, but thank you for your concern,” Rey hissed taking her bags as quickly as she could and stepping out of the carriage, ignoring the woman’s plea. Idiot . Idiot, you shouldn’t have given your name. Now how would you walk here without her looking for you? What if she tells the police? What if she…? She got into a crowd and to the street until she heard someone screaming her name. But it was not the voice of the woman on the train, it was a man’s. Rey turned around… But didn’t notice the car that was coming. Notes: You can find at Tumblr as the-lonely-night-creature.