The Offer Sparks flew throughout the control room. It was another one of Kylo Ren's tantrums. General Hux simply kept his eyes averted and lips pursed in controlled frustration as the Knights shouts rang and the bright red light of his lightsaber flashed. All of the other officers were either cowering in terror or keeping their stance-similar to Hux. Then the most unexpected thing happened. Someone different strolled onto the bridge. Anyone who was trying not to look at the Commander immediately found something to stare at. At first glance, their eyes almost passed over the woman who had stepped into their presence. Then they looked closer. She had honey colored eyes, flecked with gold, and a tiny bit reflective-like a cat's eyes. Her frame was slender, her skin was pale, and her hair was elbow-length, light brown in color. The uniform this woman wore was not First Order standard; it consisted of a black cloak, combat boots, black leggings and a shirt with sleeves to the elbow. Other than all of that, the only thing that covered her skin was a wrap of white cloth, bandages perhaps, on her left forearm. Her face was set with cold pride, confidence, and superiority, not to mention a strange, dangerous warmth and beauty. Compared to Hux, Ren, and Phasma she was quite short, only about 5'10-5'11 if you were generous . And, to top the weirdness all off, a chain of glowing bronze hugged her neck and disappeared underneath her shirt. The only person who was yet to notice this new arrival was Kylo Ren, who continued to hack at the control panel and throw sparks from his lightsaber across the room. The strange woman ignored the stares she was receiving and stalked straight up to him. A few of the officers gasped as she placed a hand on Kylo Ren's arm. In an instant the Knight had wheeled around to face whoever had dared touch him, raising his lightsaber as if to strike again. The woman withdrew her hand, narrowing her eyes. "It would do all of us a favor" she began, her voice ringing cold and clear in the silence. "If you saved the First Order a couple thousand credits and stopped tearing apart every other control panel you come within arms reach of. My father doesn't need any more financial strain." Ren cocked his head to the side, lowering his saber in confusion. "Your father" he repeated incredulously. "Exactly" she prompted. "My father, Supreme Leader Snoke." There was a very long silence. For the first time in most people's memories, both Hux and Ren were speechless. Finally, she seemed to be satisfied with the amount of shock and fear she had caused. "If any of you don't know, the name's Abby Grace" she introduced. "Now, let's see...." Her voice trailed off and she spun on her heel in a complete circle, taking the bridge. Her eyes fell on the mess of sparks and melted, twisted metal Kylo Ren had created barely a minute ago and she clicked her tongue sharply. "Worse than I've been told" she muttered. "But manageable. Only a few thousand credits, what difference does that make, since my father insisted on re-creating a multi-billion dollar project that has already failed twice." Another click of her tongue followed these words and Abby turned away from Ren, taking a few strides towards Hux. Hux, who was usually quite calm, had undergone a shocking change. He was staring at Abby as though his eyes would pop out of his head, all the color drained from his face. The hand that held his datapad was shaking. "Y-You're Abby Grace" he managed. Abby raised her eyebrows at him. "Yes, in fact, I am" she replied. "And I suppose that I should apologize because I have an awful habit of showing up unannounced. Now, if you please, General-" She held out her hand. Hux was still as stone, except for his shaking hands. He rearranged his shocked expression and gave her outstretched hand a questioning look. After another moment of silence, Abby pointed. "Datapad," she said simply. Hux stilled his shaking hands and handed her the datapad to her, the silence stifling as she scrolled through the information that it presented. Finally, the General found his voice again. "If the Supreme Leader is under the impression that there have been any mistakes made by my officers-" Hux began, but Abby silenced him with a dismissive gesture. "Believe me, my father would not send me if that were the case" she countered, hardly looking up from the datapad. "I'm here on only one of your concerns. That ." She pointed towards the viewport of the bridge. There, floating in the expanse of space, was the Starkiller base. "That battle station is in the final stages of construction, only a few technicalities still need to be sorted out" Hux argued. "Pfft," Abby scoffed. "Like I said before, the Empire built two Death Stars. Both were destroyed prematurely. Hate to say this, but I have little faith in that death machine of yours." "Why would the Supreme Leader send you here, if you have such little interest" Kylo Ren demanded, his modulated voice unexpectedly breaking the silence. To the most attentive eyes on the bridge, Abby seemed to grimace. "And I'll have you know that my grandfather-" "Oh for the Forces sake" Abby mumbled, before sharply cutting him off. "I am fully aware of the exploits of Darth Vader, thank you very much, Ren." She handed the datapad back to Hux and wheeled around to face the Knight. Despite their height difference, she was easily as terrifying as he was. Her eyes practically glowed, radiating a single, withering look. However bad you think you are, I'm worse. "And, to answer your question" she continued coldly. "My father sent me because he has more trust in my judgment over such things than certain individuals ." She spat each word like a shard of ice. "Furthermore, there have been a few rumors floating around.........rumors I hope are not true. Very damaging, very damaging indeed." "Rumors" Kylo repeated. Abby gave him a knowing look. "I'd just like to warn you" she offered. "Your next assignment might be a follow-up on your first." "What are you talking about" Ren demanded. His hands had curled into fists. "Murder is quite a messy task," Abby mused aloud. "I can see why my father did not assign it to me........but it seems you did not quite complete the eradication of the Jedi either." Multiple things happened at once after she said that. The one that caught everyone's eye was Kylo Ren's hand darting towards his lightsaber, but then Abby struck. As he ignited the blade her small hand darted forward, slotting into the empty space between his hands and seizing the hilt. With one twist of her wrist, she had completely disarmed him. The blade deactivated in her hand and, after a second, Abby tossed it back to Ren. "Are my answers to your satisfaction" she demanded through gritted teeth. Anyone could guess that Kylo was glaring at her under his mask, both the intensity of his gaze and the fire of his rage were tangible in the air. But Abby hardly acknowledged it. She stood her ground, eyes narrowed and lips pursed. "I dare you" Kylo Ren hissed. "To try that again." "Do you really expect me to turn down that offer" Abby wondered, arching an eyebrow. When he said nothing, she smirked. "Not here, of course. But I'm happy to take a chance." Kylo shifted, still itching to reach for his lightsaber. But he didn't. Abby had him cornered. "A duel" he offered. "Why not" Abby decided. "I'm sure you're not afraid to fight me, are you?" Ren shook his head wordlessly. "That's what I thought" Abby chuckled. "I'll see you tomorrow, Ren. I'd say to meet at dawn, but there's no sunrise in space." With that, she turned on her heel, her cloak whirling around her like a hurricane, and walked off the bridge. Another dead silence followed Abby Grace's exit. General Hux swallowed, trying to clear up the desert-like conditions in his mouth and began to process the situation. Next time he saw her, he didn't know whether he was planning to thank her or hide. Keeping Kylo Ren in check was a feat beyond even his capabilities, but challenging the Knight to a duel? The Supreme Leader's daughter was obviously confident in her abilities, perhaps a bit too confident. From what Hux had seen, her physical assets when it came to strength didn't look like many. Finally, one thought managed to settle itself in his mind as the bridge resumed its atmosphere of quiet bustle. Well , the General thought to himself. That escalated quickly. Chapter 2 : The Duel Notes: (See the end of the chapter for notes .) Let's just say that the Supreme Leader was not at all pleased when he found out that his daughter had challenged Kylo Ren to a duel within fifteen minutes of meeting him. "Aside from the project of the Starkiller base, I sent you here under the impression that you two could learn to get along" Snoke thundered. Abby sighed. "I can see why you've kept us apart, that's for sure" she muttered. "I want you to call off this duel, I can't have you two tearing each other to pieces" her father sighed. "I can't, I'll look like a coward" Abby objected. "Even if I say it was on your orders. Besides, we're not dueling to the death. I'm not that terribly stupid." "I don't have time for you two to argue like children over which of you gets to be in charge" Snoke informed her. "I have more in store for you and Kylo Ren, so I do hope that you figure out how to work with him-preferably without duels every other day." "If I follow through with this duel, it'll be the end of it" Abby argued. "Kylo Ren is the one who challenged me anyway." "How am I supposed to know that he won't challenge you again" Snoke demanded. "You are very prideful, it is a weakness of yours." "Well, so is he, and if he loses to me then I doubt he'll be calling for a rematch" Abby reasoned. "Fine" Snoke relented. "But take this as a warning. You and Ren will be working very closely in the near future. I expect your union to make the First Order stronger. This war is difficult enough without infighting." "Of course, father" Abby agreed. She gave a quick bow and then left the audience chamber for her private quarters. The second the door shut behind her, she sat down to think. Every word her father said was important, every phrase had a double meaning. After training under him all her life Abby sure had learned that . Of course he had a plan. Perhaps it had to do with the rumors about the Jedi. "Luke Skywalker" she mused. "Back again. And the rest of us........quite crestfallen." Abby gave a short laugh. "Nah, perplexed is the word. But the Jedi..........the last of the Jedi.........the only one Kylo Ren hasn't managed to murder. Like I said, murder is a messy business. I'm afraid that Darth Vader fanboy has learned his lessons from my father a little too well. I suppose I'll see tomorrow, now won't I?" She laughed again and reached for her phone, plugging the headphones into her ears. "Act two........nah, I don't wanna cry........" After a few moments of flicking through Act one of Hamilton, she found what she was looking for. " 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9!!! " "Karma's a skýla" Abby muttered to herself, before sitting back and tuning into the Ten Duel Commandments until dinnertime. When Kylo Ren entered the training room early the next morning, Abby Grace was already there. At the sight of her, lounging like she'd been there all night, he spat the first thing that came into his head. "As you so kindly pointed out, there is no sunrise in space, but how early do you think dawn is?!" Abby let out a peal of laughter, but this was so unexpected that Ren jumped at the sound of it. "Oh, sorry" she added, wiping her eyes to free them of tears of mirth. "I got myself too hyped and ended up lying awake all night. The coffee at three am was probably a mistake, but I also probably shouldn't have listened to that song so many times either." "What song" Kylo asked. "Just a thing from my homeworld," Abby said dismissively. "It would take too long to explain, but we're wasting time on pleasantries. I've been anticipating this all night." She got up from where she sat on a bench along the training room wall and reached for the lightsaber hilt at her hip. The other hand, instead of hanging idly at her side, was brushing her hair out of her face. Or, at least that's what Ren thought until he saw her trace the bronze chain she wore around her neck in a very calculated way. "No Force" he snarled. Abby chuckled again. It was a rather mocking sound, but lilting and sweet, like the layer of honey in her eyes. "No Force" she echoed. Her thin, delicate fingers laced around the hilt of her lightsaber, methodically hovering over the activation button as she withdrew it from the folds of her cloak. Ren drew his saber as well, braced for her first move. With an electric hum, his weapon buzzed to life, crackling and spreading red light across the room. Abby was still as stone-nothing but her eyes and lips moved. " Enas " she whispered. " Dýo. Tría. Téssera. Pénte. Exi. Eptá. Októ. Ennéa ." The second the last word had left her mouth her saber was on in a flash of violent red light-so bright it was almost pink. Then Abby flew across the training room, and the two blades met. The first thing Ren noticed was that she was very lightweight-probably thanks to her thin frame-but she made up for that in agility and speed. She never stumbled, never faltered, even under his powerful strikes. Abby was steady on her feet, in an almost cat-like manner, her eyes following his every move and calculating exactly what it would take to resist him. Sparks flew across the floor of the training room but were quickly stamped out as the duelists danced across them, sabers clashing in a flurry of vicious strikes. As it turned out, Abby and Ren fought in a very similar style, although Abby clearly knew it better, her stance held with more formality and cold calculation. Ren expected nothing less from the daughter of Snoke. Cold, aloof, and mysterious, calculating every strike and weighing exactly how much damage she could do. For a few minutes, that was all that went on. A flurry of blows, sparks of energy from the lightsabers crackling in the air, and the sound of breathing. Abby's breaths were steady and calm, while Ren was wearing himself down simply trying to catch her. But, finally, he did. In one swift move, he had Abby pinned underneath a strike from his saber that had carried his entire weight at once. Abby, in turn, blocked this, but her body bowed from the strain of holding him back. In the minute that she was still, Kylo realized that her saber's color was a violent shade of pink. Instead of dwelling on this thought, he wondered if she was ever going to surrender. Then she pressed her saber back towards him, throwing herself forward and knocking him off-balance. Their sabers met a few more times, cracking in the silence before Abby landed her trickiest moves of all. First, she executed a feint to the left. While Ren was distracted her right leg swung around, delivering a blow to his ribs that sent him staggering across the floor. But the third move was a mistake. It seemed that she had meant to strike his neck or shoulders when she swung her saber around, hilt-first towards his head. But she had miscalculated his height, reached too far up, and the blow cracked against the edge of his mask, doing nothing more than stun him. Abby, on the other hand, reared back, hissing through her teeth as she clutched her weapon hand. Not only had she burned herself on her own saber, but twisted her wrist at an odd angle. She glared at him, the pain quickly cycling into fury within her. The gold flecks in her eyes were dilated with anger. While Ren was still stunned, Abby spun her weight on one foot, dropping her saber (for he had lowered his in shock) and delivering a- correctly calculated -blow to his chest, which knocked the wind out of him and sent him sprawling. Abby then stared at him, nursing her injured hand while her pain-induced fury subsided. "Draw" she breathed. It was supposed to be an offer, but it sounded more like a statement. Kylo got up. She hadn't done worse than knocked the wind out of him, but his attention was immediately drawn to her wrist. It looked like she had at least dislocated it. "You're injured" he pointed out. " That " she snarled through gritted teeth. "Is why I don't wear a bucket on my head. I'm also not so cowardly that I need to hide my face twenty-four-seven." With that she clipped her saber to her belt and whirled out of the training room, still clutching her wounded hand. Notes: -Author- You all saw this coming. You're welcome, Hamilton fans. XOX, AbbyGrace31415 Chapter 3 : The Reckoning Summary: In which Abby Grace and Kylo Ren have a heated debate over the pros and cons of wearing a mask. "That's not relevant, the Resistance-" "We do not have the location, how are we supposed to destroy it?" "Don't you have an entire army? Send that to the suspected locations and if they find what we're looking for then we'll destroy the planet!" "I don't have that many men to waste on trial-and-error, Ren!" "That is why I have suggested a clone army!" "Why don't you just do it yourself if you're so intent on finding and destroying the Resistance base?!" "Ahem." Both men wheeled around. Abby Grace was standing in the doorway of the all-but-empty conference room. "Still playing tug-of-war over who gets to destroy something first, boys" she chuckled. "That's a shame. I agree with you Kylo, we should strike first before the Resistance figures out how to blow up the Starkiller, but we can't just take random shots into space until we figure out where they are. My father has decided on a much less violate target, but it'll do some serious damage to the Resistance." "And where would that be" Ren growled irritably. He hated how she could prove him both wrong and right in the same sentence. "Welllll" Abby mused. "A year or so ago I went on a little adventure into the real world, took a sneak peak around some Resistance territory. It's not like they'd know me anyway, I managed to blend in pretty well. Anyways, let me get to the point minus the storytelling. I managed to discover a Resistance fleet hidden in the Hosnian system. We'll be destroying that system-taking out the central government and a good chunk of the army in one stroke." "The Hosnian system" Ren repeated. "Yes," Abby replied. "The Hosnian system. Was I not clear enough?" "You were perfectly clear" Hux interjected. " Thank you , General" Abby muttered, through gritted teeth. "I'm very glad that the entire staff of this ship is not so utterly incompetent." "Excuse me" Ren growled. "I was not referring to you, Ren" Abby added. "I was referring to a group of stormtroopers I noticed on my way up. FN-2180 through FN-2190, General. You might want to go sort it out." "Of course" Hux replied. He had already seemed to accept the fact that Abby outranked him, probably wishing to get a good report when she told the Supreme Leader everything she had witnessed that day during the meeting with him-which was scheduled for that evening. Now Abby Grace and Kylo Ren were alone in the same room for the first time since their duel a week ago. Abby didn't seem bothered. When Ren did not move she simply glided over to a chair and sat down, resting her arms on the table, folding her hands and managing never to break eye contact with him. Or, whatever she could define as eye contact, for even Abby wasn't sure that she was looking at eyes underneath that mask. He could be anything , she pondered to herself. Monster or mortal, human or divine. I suppose I shall find out soon enough. But there must be a reason he wears that stupid bucket-I mean, it's practically the same thing that the stormtroopers are forced to wear! I'm sure he thinks very highly of himself, higher than that I daresay. I do wonder, is he ugly? Or just horribly disfigured? Then Abby realized her mistake. Coward for wearing a mask or not, Kylo Ren was strong in the Force. And, if there was on area Abby was not extremely skilled in, it was keeping her thoughts quiet. She could already see it, the room in shambles as Ren's lightsaber passed through every available space of unprotected metal. "One would think -" Abby started in shock at the sound of his voice, so utterly calm, yet venomous with anger. "That you would have learned to quiet your thoughts-or at least possess an understanding of simple politeness." "It's called curiosity , Ren, seeing as I'm not an emotionless void" Abby shot back, but her voice was quiet and her tone restrained. Now was not the time to spark any more animosity between them. "Well then" Kylo snarled, his tone laced with venom. "Humor me. Why are you so curious?" "I'm glad to. Someone so powerful should not be so afraid to show their face" Abby explained patiently. "I understand the idea that it would be better to keep your appearance under wraps to the enemy, but among colleagues? It's irrational and cowardly." "I have rivals-even here" Ren countered. "Hux, for example. It is essential that he take me seriously." "You're suggesting that whatever you hide underneath that mask would hinder a person's ability to take your authority without question" Abby summed up. "Yes, I am" Ren confirmed. "I also doubt your understanding of my authority. You have made it clear that you do not take me seriously, mask or no." "I'd say that the mask is less of an asset than you think" Abby replied, though in her mind she was chuckling. So, so, so, so this is what it feels like to match wits with someone at your level, what the hell is the catch? "But you are correct" she added. "I'm not sure you're aware of this, but you beat me out for the title of Master of the Knights of Ren. However, I am sure that you could understand the feeling of........what shall I call it, jealousy?" Kylo nodded wordlessly. "Then I am convinced that it certainly plausible for me to hesitate to parade around before you like I have nothing to fear" Ren informed. "You have made it quite clear that you have little regard or fear for most things." "Then why" Abby replied smartly. "Do you openly exhibit that you do?" She had finally struck the right nerve. The few minutes she had spent arguing with him turned out to be quite worth it because what happened next proved her right in a thousand ways. Kylo froze. Her comments about how it illogical to wear a mask didn't matter to him one bit, but she had really managed to get under his skin by calling him a coward. "And Ren" Abby added lightly. "I have assurances that you are no coward." That was enough. Ren reached up and removed his cowl, for once making slow, calculated movements. He gripped the edges of his mask and the vocoder detached from his jaw, allowing him to pull it off of his head. Offense number one: That gorgeous hair, which was so perfectly kept despite being hidden under a helmet for the better part of the day. It fluffled attractively around his ears in lovely dark waves, looking so impossibly soft that Abby nearly wanted to touch it. Offense number two: Those beautiful features laid out across his perfectly sculpted, fair face. His prominent nose, full lips, and large ears peeking out from under his hair-and she hadn't even gotten started on mapping the innumerable freckles and beauty marks that were scattered across his face. Offense number three: His eyes. They were dark and deep, a beautiful color of dark brown-easy to get lost in. And that's exactly what Abby did. She was dazzled by his features, the expression on her own face nothing less than starstruck. Her jaw had dropped, she'd forgotten how to breathe, what her own name was, and what she was going to say next. Nothing mattered except for the fact that she got to feast her eyes on Kylo Ren's true appearance for another moment. "Not what you were expecting, I presume" Kylo muttered, through gritted teeth. Abby's eyes were still flashing over his face-mapping out every single freckle and beauty mark, tracing from the shape of jawline all the way to the tips of his ears. She had gone still as stone in her chair, her mouth hanging slightly open. Did not see that one coming , she thought. "Why do you hide this" she choked out. "What are you talking about" Ren growled. "This" Abby cried frantically, waving her hands anxiously towards his face. "I mean , you're...you're...-" She forced herself to refrain from blurting out her next thought. You're beautiful . There it was again, the censorship her thoughts were very blatantly lacking-and, in turn, Ren could hear them. His brows furrowed first. He hadn't expected a compliment from Abby Grace. She was the Supreme Leader's daughter for the Forces sake, Ren was sure she would have higher standards than this. He could feel his face go red-with embarrassment or delight, he couldn't tell. "Hey," Abby said quietly. Despite all the stuff she did as Snoke's most skilled apprentice, she was really rather kind at heart. All her talk of him being a coward or deformed and ugly had been proved horribly wrong. "I guess I shouldn't have been so stupid about the mask and stuff." "What are you apologizing for" Ren demanded angrily. "I just-I just thought it would be nice to apologize for calling you a coward and assuming that you were deformed and ugly" Abby replied, her face tinging pink as well. "That's childish" Ren chided. "I didn't expect anything better of you." "I'm just trying to be a decent human being" Abby argued, rising from her chair and slamming her palms down on the table. For a second, she and Kylo were locked in an intense staring contest. His dark brown eyes-they were almost black, and so mesmerizing-stared at her just as intensely as they had underneath the mask. Ren was angry and humiliated even though Abby was right- especially because Abby was right. He glared into her gold-flecked eyes, wishing he could drill into her skull and find the source of........the whatever-it-was that she was looking at him with. Shock, newfound respect, embarrassment, and a little bit of something else. Finally, Abby couldn't hold his gaze for another minute. She looked away. "On a totally different subject, Kylo" she snapped pointedly. "Snoke is re-assigning Hux to the Starkiller base at the end of this week. We'll be in charge of the Finalizer ." " We " Kylo repeated. "That's what my father said" Abby sighed. "All I know is that he wants us to get along. I suppose we'd better start now." She held out her hand across the table. In a random moment of attention to detail, Ren noticed that it was her right. She seemed to have healed just fine, but there were now inky black doodles all over it. "What are those" he wondered aloud. "Oh, these" Abby muttered, inspecting her abstract appendage. "Pro tip; don't let me sit with a pen for more than half an hour. I just got bored and decided to practice penmanship with my left-hand, a.k.a. drawing all over my right. Anyway, I was just saying that we need to work together. I'm not asking you to be my friend, Kylo. I'm not asking for you to do anything for me except cooperate. And I'm fully convinced that you are capable of that small feat." She extended her hand once more for him to shake. "So?" Kylo swallowed, his Adam's Apple bobbing as he stared at her. We'll tear this ship apart-if we don't get to each other first. But I can try. He shook her hand. Chapter 4 : A Special Arrangment Summary: Hello, it's me again! Just a warning, this chapter is over two thousand words long, so proceed with the expectation of a long read. "Abby! You are not dismissed." Abby tensed, turning around to face her father again. Hux and Ren continued on their way out of the audience chamber, leaving her alone with the Supreme Leader. "Yes, father," she asked carefully. Snoke had an extremely strange expression on his face-Abby supposed that whatever he was going to instruct her with had not been an easy decision to make. "Have I done something wrong" she ventured. "No" Snoke answered, his spoiled mouth twisting in a scowl. "You have done nothing wrong. Now, listen closely. You are absolutely crucial to the First Order, a fact I'm sure you are aware of." "I am very aware of it, father" Abby answered, but her blood was turning to ice in her veins. "May I ask-would this have anything to do with the cloning project?" And, to her utter horror, her father's answer was; "Yes. But I also believe that your union with Kylo Ren is vital to our plans. You see, I have taken note of the fact that you have a habit of potentially..............life-threatening activities when left to your own devices." Abby face flushed with embarrassment, for she knew what her father was referring to. How she participated in activities like hunting down the most ancient and dangerous Greek monsters for sport, making bets against Hutts and bounty hunters, and generally taking every chance for adventure she could get her hands on. "You see, I require you alive as the host for the cloning project" Snoke explained. "There is no other fit host for it if we want to follow through with our plan." "And what are you suggesting that I do" Abby demanded. "I'm already cooped up on this ship till gods-know-when." "As I mentioned before" Snoke continued patiently. "You and Kylo Ren are both vital to the First Order. I believe that a union between the two of you would potentially strengthen the First Order-and keep you out of trouble." Every tissue in Abby's throat went dry. "A-are you suggesting a..........a..." She could hardly get the words out. "A marriage to Kylo Ren?" "I am not suggesting" Snoke replied stoically. "I'm demanding ." If Snoke hadn't seemed so serious over the whole idea, Abby might have laughed. Even so, she managed to speak out on what she saw as the general idea of the whole plan. "You're saying that you want Kylo Ren to babysit me until you figure out a way to replicate my power" she chuckled. "If you must put it in those terms, yes. That's exactly what I'm saying" Snoke agreed. Suddenly, a horrific thought came over Abby. Laugh about it though she might, if her father followed through with this plan, she would end up married to a man who was a few steps away from hating her. Abby didn't hate Kylo Ren, not strictly, but he definitely frustrated her with his stubbornness. It reminded her of that paradox, unstoppable force versus immovable object? But which was which? Perhaps she was the object, fully rooted in the Dark side, born to it, and he was the force, sweeping across the plain of her existence and throwing all around her into absolute chaos. "And you do understand how necessary this is" Snoke continued. Abby tensed again. He knew she was on the verge of objecting, so instead was trying to coax her into like a child. "Yes, I do" she snapped. "Very well" Snoke ordered. "The wedding will take place precisely one week from today. You are dismissed. I will inform Kylo Ren of this arrangement presently." Abby wasn't ashamed to say that she nearly ran out of the room. Suffice to say that Kylo Ren was not thrilled when he heard about Snoke's arrangement. But a part of him was rather curious. What would this entail? No one would ever willingly love a monster like him-there had been no mention of love during Snoke's whole explanation of the process anyway. That clearly had nothing to do with the Supreme Leader's plan. And still, Ren found himself purposely walking towards Abby Grace's quarters. They were going to have to figure something out and they couldn't just pretend that the Supreme Leader had never mentioned their impending marriage. As he'd expected, the door was closed. But it was unlocked. After knocking and getting no reply, Kylo found the nerve to open it and walk through. She wasn't in the main room of her quarters either, nor in the kitchen, dining area, or office. Finally, Kylo had no choice but to walk down the halls to her bedroom. It was far too late at night for her to be anywhere else but her quarters. Then he heard a voice. Her voice. "God help and forgive me! I wanna build something that's gonna outlive me!" Then she was quiet, for a chorus of other, recorded voices overlapped her own. "What do you want Burr, what do you want, if you stand for nothing Burr what'll you fall for?" After a few minutes, she sang again. "You wanna lead us to save the day! We don't get a say in what they trade away. We dream of a brand new start! But we dream in the dark for the most part!" More silence. The music continued, but this time Abby did not sing along. Now Kylo took the chance to knock on her door. "Come in" Abby sighed, turning the music off. Ren opened the door and stepped into her room. Abby was sitting cross-legged on her bed, a book in her hand and her computer sitting out in front of her. The bedspread was First Order standard black, as was the rest of the furniture, but there was a bookshelf full of books in one corner and her dresser was scattered with various pieces of paper. The lamps had been switched from harsh LED bulbs to ones that gave off warmer, yellow light. But most of the books from the shelf were strewn across her bed. Ren caught sight of titles such as The Lightning Theif, Harry Potter and The Deathly Hallows, Hamilton; The Revolution, Divergent, The Hunger Games, and The Hobbit . The book Abby held in her hand was titled The Titan's Curse . "What...what are you doing" Kylo demanded. His curiosity was overwhelming now. He hadn't accepted exactly how much she confused him until now. How was she so powerful and mysterious, yet so open and fearless? How did she do it? The Supreme Leader didn't treat her like she was anything special thanks to the fact that she was his daughter, but Snoke seemed to see her as his most trusted student. It couldn't simply be according to the fact that she was his daughter. How was she so devoted to the Dark side? Ren had to know her secrets, and now he had the chance. "What does it look like I'm doing" Abby sighed. "I'm reading." "It sounded like you were singing." "That too." Abby put her book down, tossing it into a pile with about twenty other titles-all consistently labeled with the name of the author Rick Riordan . "Do me a favor?" she asked. "Take that mask off. Who's gonna see you other than me?" Ren obliged, putting his mask down on her nightstand. He stepped closer to her bed and selected one copy of a book labeled Magnus Chase and the Gods of Asgard; The Sword of Summer . "I've never seen these before" he wondered. "Where do they come from?" "All from my homeworld" Abby informed, snatching the book back. "But be careful. Some of these have a bit of value to me." "Why?" "Now you're the curious one" Abby chuckled. "But that's not relevant. Tell me why you're here." She glanced down at her wrist and, even though she had no watch there, seemed to gather the time. "It's ten o'clock pm." "Don't try to scold me for being here if you're up at midnight reading every book in your collection" Kylo defended. "Then tell me why you're here," Abby asked, her face now bright pink. Not with embarrassment this time, but anger. "The Supreme Leader informed me of his arrangement between us half an hour ago" Ren informed. Abby's lip curled. "As I thought. Don't ask me why he set us up." She shrugged, before glancing back at her scattered books. "But I suppose" she muttered. "I should clean up." All Abby did was make a small gesture with her hands, but all her books flew across the room and back into the bookshelf. Her computer closed as landed on the dresser, plugging itself into the charger. Her phone, as Ren know noticed, lay next to it, also charging. Next Abby herself swung her legs off the bed and stood. Kylo saw that she had removed her cape and combat boots, but otherwise was still totally clothed, right down to her socks and the strange arm wrap on her left forearm. She didn't say another word to him. She simply turned around and left the room. "What time did I say it was," she asked herself, before glancing at her wrist again. Aside from the abstract design of ink Kylo had noticed earlier that day, nothing was there. "Oh, right. Ten. I've missed dinner then. Heck." Ren followed her out of her bedroom, down the hall, and into her small kitchen. All the officers had one, as Kylo well knew, but it seemed as though Abby was one of the few who actually made use of it. She opened the fridge and brought out a plastic container filled with soup. "This is what I get for getting lost in the universe of Perseus Jackson" Abby chuckled to herself. "Oh well. Something has to knock me out of the clouds." "What are you talking about" Ren demanded, suddenly, but Abby didn't even flinch. "My books" she explained. "I guess that if we really are getting married, then you're going to have to know something about my habits. Fine then. I read. I train. I listen to music. I do quests." "Quests?" Abby frowned, pausing for a moment to put the container in the microwave as she thought about her answer. "You're lucky" she finally mused. "You didn't have to do them. But now, I guess I'll sometimes go off on quests just for fun. My father decided that my talents would be put to better use elsewhere, and that's how I got assigned here. Hmm, what am I forgetting..." She took the container out of the microwave and popped the lid. "Oh yeah. And I talk to myself. Sometimes. I should probably stop." "Why do you do that" Ren inquired. This time Abby gave no reply. She grabbed a spoon and left the kitchen, entering the main room and plopping down in a chair to eat. Kylo remained in the doorway of the kitchen, but then the answer came to him. You're lonely . Both objects, spoon, and plate, came crashing onto the coffee table as Abby jumped to her feet. She wheeled around to face Kylo Ren, her face flaming red. "I am not" she cried, her voice an octave higher than usual. Ren was shocked for a moment, before remembering that Abby could undoubtedly read minds as well. Slowly, she sank back into her chair. "I have friends" she added. "Nutmeg, for example." The next sound that Ren heard was the soft pad tap pad tap pad tap of paws and trimmed claws against metal. A black cat came slinking out of Abby's office and curled around the Darksiders leg, purring and eyeing Kylo Ren with large, glassy, hickory-colored eyes. "Vincent and Christina," Abby said next. "I believe you are acquainted with those two." "Who" Ren wondered. "You don't even know the names of your own Knights" Abby huffed. "Theoseus and Xeneira Ren then. I'm sure you know those two?" At the mention of the two Knights a sudden memory leapt out Kylo, pulling the words of a hushed conversation he'd overheard mere days after his promotion to Master of the Knights of Ren. "She'll be after him for this." "But Snoke will stop her, he will!" "She doesn't take being screwed over lightly, even if her father excuses it. They very same father who promised her solace and power in exchange for service." "Doesn't he promise that to all of us?" "Who cares?! Abby Grace isn't going to be happy when she finds out that Kylo Ren stole her place. I hope the Supreme Leader finds a way to keep those two from tearing each other apart." "You know those two" Ren inquired. "Both from my homeworld" Abby dismissed. "Powerful enough for me to give them a leg-up into this whole dark side business." "All this talk about your homeworld" Ren remarked. "And yet I've never heard of it." "My homeworld is too far behind in science for words" Abby replied sharply. "It tries to make up for that in culture, and has done a pretty good job, but there's still been hardly any contact between it and the rest of the galaxy. Aside from my father and I, of course." "That's blatantly obvious, but where is it " Ren demanded. "The Solar system" Abby explained as if that answered everything. She turned and sat back down, picking up her bowl and continuing to eat. "I don't know where that is" Kylo argued. "I suppose you want a detailed explanation" Abby offered between bites. "Yes." "Well, you're not going to get one. It would take far too long, and I don't have that kind of time. I'm tired." She stretched her arms and yawned, to accentuate her point. "But I can tell that you wouldn't like if I started pressing about where you came from, now would you?" Kylo pursed his lips. She was right, of course. He didn't want to reveal his old identity to her unless he had to. "No" he answered. "Right" she cackled. "Of course right!" Finishing off her meal, she rose and walked back into the kitchen, tossing the empty container and spoon into the sink. "Why do suddenly want to know every little detail about me anyway," she asked, leaning her elbows on the countertop. Ren licked his lips, trying to moisten the desert-like conditions in his mouth. "W-Well" he began, choosing his words so carefully that he stuttered on the first syllable. "For one thing.........you're like me." "And where do you gather that conclusion from" Abby inquired. She had him cornered again. "Besides" Ren added, avoiding the question. "Aren't we.....we're getting married. Half the things you speak of, I don't even know about." "Then don't talk to me," Abby said simply. "Also....I don't think you understand exactly what my father's plan is. I have a few bad habits of getting myself into trouble. He needs to minimize that risk, so he's trying to tie me down-make me stay in one place. The Supreme Leader has declared us a couple simply because he knows you'll feel obliged to keep an eye on me and I'll feel obliged to stay here, thanks to the fact that neither of us is an emotionless void-or at least we know what the basic ideas of relationships are supposed to be." "That's fine " Ren spat in disgust. "If that's what you want, I'll leave you alone. I suppose it's better off that way isn't." He turned on his heel, preparing to leave, but then remembered that he didn't have his mask. Abby slipped into her bedroom, before returning with it and tossing it at him. "Good evening, Ren," she remarked, then wheeled around and marched into her bedroom. The door slammed behind her and Kylo placed the mask back over his head. There was still a pair of eyes watching him, though. The cat Abby had summoned-Nutmeg, wasn't it?-was staring at him with its hickory-colored eyes, curled up the chair Abby had occupied as she at her meal. Kylo had a chilling feeling that it understood every word that had been exchanged between him and his future bride. Future bride . This was going to be an unqualified disaster -if it wasn't exactly that already. Notes: -Author- Thanks for reading the first entry to my next garbage bin! BTW, this is going to be a trash can of Hamilton references (which will not be subtle at all) mixed in with Star Wars X Percy Jackson and the Olympians material. Possibly my craziest fic of all time. Hope you enjoyed this first chapter! Don't forget to leave kudos and comment if you did! XOX, AbbyGrace31415 P.S. Translation: *insert fandom* X *insert fandom* = fandom crossover