Sky and Walker It’s December 11th when she first boards the bus. It’s cold, flurries of snow trickling from the grey sky and blanketing the ground, the pedestrians, cars, and all else it possibly can in bright white. The wind is visible even from behind the frosted windows of the bus and Ben's joints ache at the mere sight of the chilled fluff. He hates driving in the snow. Actually , Ben hates the snow (had a bad sledding experience ending with a black eye and an icicle tearing into his rib cage and the scars to prove it.) Inside and sat at the wheel, he silently prays that he doesn't endure another snowy incident. Still, it's only December 11th. Winter has just barely begun. (In retrospect, he doesn’t find it creepy, well, not that creepy, that he remembers the first time he’d seen her because it’s the same day he got his first pair of contact lenses, making a mental note to read anything and everything he could just because he could . Including, but not limited to, the date . It was a good fact to know, anyway.) He knows he’s acting as if he were blind and it’s not that he couldn’t see prior with his glasses, but he simply marvels at the fact that he could see just as clearly without the frames settled over his nose, leaving indents and sliding down the bridge. They remain on his nightstand should he fumble and drop the clear domes down the drain like his Doctor warned him about. And he sees her clear as crystal. Ben's never regarded this bus stop. Hasn't had a reason to. It's just one of many pit stops he makes in a day. Now, as he pulls up, there is something far more intriguing awaiting behind the closed doors. He can't say the same for the young woman who awaits his arrival. There isn’t enough time between the opening of the bus doors, her ascent up the stairs, and swift flash of her pass for Ben to really take her in. He sees her hairline first and the freckles that dust her forehead. He's met with her face for all of a half second before she's standing, her chest level with Ben's eyes. When he looks up, and he looks up swiftly to ensure he hasn't already make her uncomfortable, she's smiling and he's holding his breath as he looks up into her face. The girl smiles a closed mouthed smile, dark green hues slightly crinkled, cheeks flushed, lips pink and glossy. Are those... dimples he sees? Ben stares. That's it, that's all he does, all he thinks he can do right then and there . Truth be told, he'd rather have stared at her face than her jacket clad breasts. And then she’s moving past him to find a seat and his hues follow her like that of a portrait painting on a wall, internally wishing he could have at least managed a "hi" or a "welcome". That is, until, the woman behind her huffs in frustration, shoving her pass closer. Ben notes that she's far less appealing than the girl who'd gotten on before her, donning a tattered black sweatshirt and grey sweatpants, older and aged, even older than Ben, and smelled of stale cigarette smoke. Don't worry, lady. The cold puts me in a bad mood, too. Ben gives a nod of his head, nothing more, and ultimately, his approval and then then woman is off and the doors are shutting in preparation for his resumed schedule. The driver sees too many people to count in a day, some new, some reoccurring. All different faces, ages, sizes, heights, colors but none quite different enough to draw his attention. Some days, he hardly even so much as glances at the passengers coming on board. He looks for a pass or cash. It's not like he can strike up a conversation with everyone who steps onto the bus nor does he really contain the desire to. Besides, his eyes are meant to stay on the road. He’s willing, almost eager (too eager), to break this rule on December 11th when the young woman, of which an age simply cannot be pinpointed, sits directly in the reflection of the rear view mirror. Ben can’t help the glances he steals but tries to keep them to a minimum. However, with each rise and fall of his optics to her reflection, he makes note of a new detail. Well , what details he can make out with the distance between them and the short amount of time he can spend looking into the mirror. She wears her chestnut hair in not one, but three knots spanning from the top of her head to the nape of her neck, wisps falling from their hold to frame her soft face. Ben glances at just the right moment to catch her profile as she stares out the window, nose small and pointed (and red at the tip), jaw chiseled but feminine. A cream colored cable knit scarf shields her neck from the cold, contrasting against her tanned skin and the brown jacket she wears. A sigh falls from his lips as he averts his eyes from her and back onto the snow stricken road. Ironically unluckily for Ben, he's hitting every green light there is, leaving him without a few extra moments to spend ogling. But he supposes it's for the best. His mother always told him that staring was rude and that just because his father did it didn't mean he should, too. And Ben wants nothing more than to be nothing like his father. Yet, he can't help himself today. He's thankful that she doesn't catch his prying eyes, but positively ungrateful when she finally stands as the bus pulls off to a new stop. Briefly, he hopes she's just adjusting or maybe even moving closer to the front. But hope, he's found in his lifetime, breeds eternal misery. Ben watches as three regulars get on, and three buns get off. _____ He doesn't want this girl to consume his thoughts for the remainder of that day and into the evening, but she does and he allows it. This , he finds, could be considered a little creepy. Then again , Ben supposes, a pretty face can do that to a person. She certainly posses a pretty face, it's undeniable. But surely he shouldn't be so interested in a girl he's seen once for all of fifteen minutes and surely there are prettier.(If there are, he hasn't seen them.) Ben muses silently, kicking closed the door of his fridge, teeth cracking off the cap of a cold beer as he plops into the worn chair of his living room, toeing off his shoes and loosening the buttons of his shirt. Today's newspaper is folded in one hand, a heavily chewed pencil in the other. The light illuminates only a small portion of the tiny room but it's enough for Ben to be able to finish a game of Sudoku and begin a crossword puzzle. Activities in the paper have always been a guilty pleasure of Ben's from crosswords to comics. Perhaps he'd picked it up from watching his father (on mornings his father decided to grace he and his mother with his presence) pen through crosswords and skim over headlining stories and the sports section. Suddenly, Ben loses interest on 7 Across when he comes to the realization that he's more like his father than he'd thought. An old man sitting at home alone in his recliner drinking a beer, reading and playing games with his daily newspaper. How utterly boring. Tossing the paper to the side, Ben's mind drifts to Hux, his childhood bully turned frenemy . Hux likes the paper. What's was so wrong about Ben liking it, too? There were plenty of differences between the two men. And Ben immediately, reluctantly, found one; Hux is likely getting laid right about now. Ben...he's going to lay himself in his bed in a short while and catch a good night's rest. Hux is an absolute asshole and Ben is curious as to when this "Karma" is going to swing around a kick the shit out of him. Ben cares not for past playground problems so much as he does more recent events. He still isn't over the job he lost to Hux all because of how dirty he plays. He used to push ben into the dirt and Ben now realizes it was for good reason because the prick dusted the dirt from Ben and used it against him. He grits his teeth, hoping and hoping that the ginger fuck having the grandest of times living the life he stole from Ben Solo. The television draws his mind from his father, Hux, his love of newspapers for at least an hour, channels switching between some Adam Sandler movie and the News. Ben was a fan, he decided, The Wedding Singer a favorite of his. But he was enduring the second installment of Grown Ups now, also deciding that the actor seems to be making the same movie over and over. Who was Ben to judge, living the same days over and over with the same schedule. Was he really this desperate to keep his thoughts away from the girl? He must be if he's taking the time to compare and contrast himself to Adam Sandler. A thumb presses down on his remote, turning the channel once more and checking the weather for tomorrow. He audibly groans when he sees the extended forecast and finds that as the temperatures decline, the chances of snow incline. There's another quick decision he makes and that is that he would much rather be thinking of the pretty girl than the cold or anything else that's been engrossing his mind this evening. And so, he does. With a grunt, Ben is up off of his chair, thinking of her uniquely styled hair as he places his empty beer bottle beside the sink. He'll toss them out later. He thinks of her dimples and just how much more pronounced they would be if she had smiled with her teeth as he's headed to brush his teeth. Did she have nice teeth? He thinks of her brown leather jacket and cream scarf when he strips down to his boxers and socks, slipping into the comfort of his bed. Funnily enough, he detests the cold, but can't bring himself to sleep with pants and shirts on as he finds it highly uncomfortable. And then he wonders if she sleeps bundled up in clothes or with nothing on at all. It's not meant to pique his curiosity in a sexual way, but Ben is suddenly enticed, staring into the darkness of his room as he thinks of what she might slip into for bed. If she wears the same thing each night or invests in frilly laces to decorate her body in. Ben feels his cheeks flush, skin tightening and grimaces at his gutter damned thoughts as his head hits the pillow and his limbs tangle in the layers of sheets and blankets. He shouldn't think of her like that and he doesn't mean to. He doesn't even know her name and he's wondering whether or not she sleeps naked. Ben sighs and now knows that he really has nothing better to think about than some innocent passenger on his bus. Ever since he was a child, Ben's had a curious mind and slightly obsessive behavior. His mother, father, and uncle know first hand. Though, he's loath to admit it seeing as he hardly thinks he has any issues. Ben merely believes that when he puts his mind to something, he remains dedicated. Rolling onto his stomach, arms snake around a pillow he's had for well over ten years now. It's lumpy and discolored from God only knows what, but he won't throw it away. His pillow is the last thing he thinks of before drifting into a dreamless sleep. _____ He rolls, as if in rewind (and slow motion), out of bed seemingly in the blink of an eye since shutting them the evening before. That is the worst part. His morning is the same; shower, shave, coffee, breakfast, get dressed, head to work. Actually, that isn't true. He adds an extra step. Contact Lenses . Which have proven to be a bit more tedious than simply slipping on a pair of glasses. It's the busiest from the wee hours of the early morning until about ten when everyone's gotten to work. It seems to go by quickly only to drag until the late afternoon when he's relieved. That time has yet to arrive and he's counting down the minutes until it does. In the meantime, however, he notes that the snow is plowed from the roads, leaving the dark tar path clear. Maybe they'll salt the roads, be more prepared for this shit , he thinks. But the townships in which he travels are about as productive as a lit candle under water. He's immune to the potholes making up the streets now after four years on the job even though he thinks they should've been filled by now. The holes have been there since before Ben began driving buses, slowly but surely eroding deeper and wider. It won't ever happen. He'll be driving on the surface of the Moon (though, the Moon might've been a smoother surface to drive upon than these roads) until he retires...or until he finds himself a better job. That probably won't happen either... Eyes drift to the blue numbers on the clock. 12:32 . He's sat at a red light when he realizes about this time yesterday was when the young woman hopped on from the bus stop at Sky and Walker. Ben's close, his next stop. Jaw clenched, he stiffens, hues darting between the car before him and the stop. His body is tense with anticipation for something as insignificant as a girl getting on the bus. Oh, but she really isn't insignificant and he can see her standing at the stop sign, rummaging through her messenger bag. Ben could spot the difference in hues from her jacket and bag to her hair and how each color seemed to clash well together--- Get a grip, Solo . He's acting like a God damn school girl. Ben forced his head forward, watching the doors and the young woman from his peripheral vision. She isn't the first to get on like she was the previous day. But the newcomer flashing Ben his pass draws his attention in the direction of which he is trying to avoid for his own sake. The trench coat clad man passes through and the brunette bounds up the stairs, sporting the same three buns and a slightly different attire than yesterday. Ben's on edge at the ways she bounces up the stairs, both hoping she doesn't trip and wanting to watch her hop up each level again. He utters no greeting as she shows him her pass but he does tear his eyes from her briefly to see if he can spot a name upon the paper. If there is a name, it's sheathed beneath her thumb. Her nails are painted green, likely for the holidays. The girl is looking down upon him when he tilts his head upwards. Her chin disappears into her cream scarf, pink lips, thankfully, just visible for him to witness that she's sporting that same smile as yesterday. Ben manages something akin to a smile. Or so he hopes. From her perspective,his full lips are tightly locked, just barely quirked upward into something short of a lopsided grin. "Yup," Ben mumbles, unsure of exactly why he said "yup", if he even uttered the word to it's fullest extent, in the first place. But, like he'd intended, she takes it as the go ahead to find a seat but not before smiling at him. And like the day before, his vision follows her, eyes squinting in concentration as if he were playing Tetris, trying to guide her to the perfect spot. It works. Beginners luck . His days are still the same as the one before and the one before the last, so on and so forth, but he wakes each morning both brimming with excitement to see her face and fear of not . This girl has been added to his daily schedule. No, not quite in the way he'd prefer, but each day at exactly 12:34 pm, Ben makes his stop at Sky and Walker, opens his bus doors, and watches the girl practically fly up the three stairs. He doesn't tire of it, but rather, looks forward to seeing her even if majority of it is spent through a reflection. She boards, flashes her pass to him, and smiles her closed lipped smile. Until one day, she doesn't. Ben isn't disappointed when there's a minor shift in the swing of things because she's traded her signature smile for a bright, toothy grin that spans from cheek to cheek, igniting her prominent dimples. Ben swears he's looking directly into the sun itself and he's reminded of just how much he craves the warmth of Spring and Summer. But for now, her smile is more than enough. Chapter 2 : Mardi Gras It’s February 17th when Ben finds out her name is Rey. No, he hasn’t built up an ounce of courage in the two months she’s been riding the bus to find out this information by striking conversation with her, but by the grace of his contacts and ogling eyes. Ben notes the name tag pinned to her shirt, peaking from beneath that same leather jacket she’s been wearing all Winter thus far. At first, he only sees R and his mind is left to run wild with names beginning with the letter R . Rachel, Rita, Reese, Rhonda, Rihanna... She shifts, torso rotated so that she may procure her bus pass, giving Ben a clear view of the name. He blinks, thinking of just how lucky he is to have caught that. But he hopes he is equally lucky and isn’t the one being caught eyeing her chest. She doesn’t seem to notice, but if she does, she doesn’t call him out on it. For this, and for the name tag, he is thankful. R E Y He likes it. It’s simplistic and pretty, fitting of a girl whom Ben compares her to sunshine itself. (Oddly convenient, too when he thinks about it.) A Rey of Sunshine , he thinks, grinning to himself. It’s sickening really, his fascination with her. That and the horrendous pun he’s made. He won’t ever speak it aloud for the sake of his pride (and because it’s positively cheesy ). But what's he to compare a young woman with a smile like Rey's to if not the sun? Ben’s reminded of the pun each time her name tag comes into view, (each time his eyes go hunting for it just above the swell of her breasts.) He pushes it from his head every time it makes its way in, deciding that there are certainly more aspects of Rey to pick up on. Today, she wears her name tag. This must mean she works. But where? Grocery store, hotel staff, retail? The possibilities are endless so long as they remain in the category of jobs that require a name tag to be worn. _____ It wasn’t intended to become a guessing game. He plays with such vigor, it's almost as if he's competing for the Gold against no one but himself. Ben really isn’t the type to play games (aside from the occasional Sudoku) but he seems to occupy himself with one anyway. Each day he sees her, he gathers what information he can based on what she’s wearing, carrying, the expression she wears on her gentle features. He finds that this game is both interesting and torturous all in the same thought. But he’s all too good at coming up with different scenarios and ideas of who this girl is when she steps off of the bus. Because he knows she’s living a life beyond the rattling (and in much need of a Windex wash down) doors. She could be anyone. She could be one of the girls he's thought her to or none of them at all and the latter keeps him playing almost like a gambler with an addiction to wagering his luck (and then some) on the line. Ben huffs, wondering when he’ll actually pluck up the nerve to ask her to dinner or even coffee. I can’t even say “hello” . His jaw cranks, digits gripping harshly at the leather wheel when he comes to the notion that, that day may never come. He isn’t the most audacious and he’s stubborn as hell. Even when it pertains to whether or not he’s going to hold himself back from something as simple as asking a girl on a date, something he really does want. It’s not like he hasn’t done it in the past (asked a girl on a date). But for some reason, she’s different. And while he keeps playing this one man game, he wants nothing more than to quit having to infer and find out about her first hand. He just wants it to go right . But Ben doesn’t know the right way to go about this or even if there IS a right way. Of course, he’s received unwanted advice from his father who is far more flirtatious and charming than Ben believes he himself is. Not that Ben thinks that highly of Han Solo’s character and capabilities. Needless to say, Han’s advice has been long forgotten. Well, it would have been forgotten by now if Ben had listened in the first place. Like many other conversations with his father, he tends to zone out during them. He supposed he should thank his father for teaching him just how to do that. Leia Organa-Solo hounds her husband for sport and the tactic of blissful ignorance, Han insists, is self taught. But Ben insists that it comes naturally and cheers silently from the sidelines.(Oh, he does love when his five foot tall mom reprimands his six foot tall father, leaving him with his tail between his legs.) An almost indiscernible grin finds its way to Ben’s lips and he’s temporarily cured of his insecurities. _____ When she boards on a new day, at a new time, and earlier time, she’s carrying text books against her chest. There’s moderately less pep in her ordinarily lively step as she climbs on which does not go unnoticed to Ben regardless of how minuscule. He regards her excessive amount of text books which he knows weigh excessively more than a books should and is glad she doesn’t push herself. Again, like many a time before, he’s staring in the direction of her chest. Not (entirely) because he’s a pervert, but because he wants to see what’s written on the covers. They seem to be literature books and possibly a math and a science textbook but Ben can’t decipher. It dawns on him swiftly that she’s a student and he prays to God she isn’t a high school student. But then, just as swiftly, it dawns on him that it’s a weekday at 12:30 and she isn’t in school. Perhaps he should brew a stronger cup of coffee for himself in the morning. He supposed he would rather worry about what her age is than pay no heed to whether or not the girl, woman , he should say, that he, to put it in it’s most lewd terms, wouldn’t mind fucking into his mattress is legal or not. Still, she looks young and he wonders what year of college she’s in among a surplus of other things like what she’s majoring in, what she wants to do with her life, what is her favorite subject, if she’s single... An elderly couple stroll hand in hand across the pedestrian walkway Ben is currently stopped at. What if she isn’t single? He could groan, but he represses the urge and the beginnings of a rumble in his chest as there are people sat directly behind him. That’s hardly a noise anyone would want to hear coming from the man driving the bus, the man controlling the machine. He wants to give himself the benefit of the doubt and say that she is single but he truly can’t say. She’s too pretty. Beautiful . Any man would gladly have her if she accepted, he’s sure. He weighs in reasons she is and isn’t single in attempt to put himself at ease. But Lord, why are his boxers in such a jumble? Ben doesn’t know her. He’s said all of one word to her and she hasn’t said a word to him. She isn’t his, he isn’t hers. However, there is something so tragic about failure before a shot’s been taken. He’s felt that ache before and he doesn’t look forward to feeling it again. And so, he abandons the subject with two last reasons as to why Rey is single; she rode the bus on Valentine’s Day (wouldn’t she have had her boyfriend drive her around on that day of all days?) and because Ben is (eventually) going to ask her on a date. The second reason he mentally lists isn’t quite a reason , per say. And neither is the first. This, he knows. But to tell himself that he’s going to take her out means it’s going to happen sooner or later. He wants for it not to be the latter. Besides, once Ben sets his mind on something, he commits. He taps to distract himself, to keep from staring, from thinking. Taps his fingers, taps his leg, taps his feet. No music plays on the speakers of the bus but he wishes there'd been something to listen to other than the noises of the engine or the occasional hacking up of a lung from a passenger. He twitches, mentally aware that he shouldn't look up. He shouldn't seek her reflection and especially not as often and as long as he does. Ben reaches a new personal best when he holds off for a whole three minutes before looking upward, pretending he's checking the cars that surround him. When he does find the mirror, there are already a set of hues staring back at him. They are Rey's, big and bright. Ben blinks in response, surprised to find her staring. She shies away, her tanned skin flushing a pretty shade red at the apples of her cheeks. The sight is so lovely he has a difficult time turning away. But he's glad he gives her the time to recoup because another three minutes passes when he finds Rey starting again. As her cheeks turn red for a second time, the light turns green and Ben thinks it's safe to add a third, more substantial reason to his list. _____ A trite, vocal-less version of some old Bon Jovi plays, echoing in his kitchen to which he recognizes as the tone of his cell phone. It vibrates, violent as it travels the surface of his round kitchen table to the edge where he fears it may take a leap of faith onto the tile. With quick reflexes, he catches its fall just in time, scanning the tiny screen for a name he soon finds reads Gary Work and flips (yes, flips) up the phone to answer his colleague's call. “Hello?” Ben answers, tucking the phone between his ear and his shoulder as he opens the fridge and reaches for a beer before he heads back into his living room. He’s in the midst of watching the extended forecast even though he watched it just the evening before and the evening before that. It’s merely routine at this point. It's out of the ordinary for Ben to receive any calls from anyone other than his mother and occasionally a middle aged woman informing him that he's won a free, all expense paid trip to the Bahamas. Ben wishes ...before he calls bullshit and hangs up. “Hey, Benny Boy! Listen man, I know this is kinda short notice, but it’s my wife and I’s 25th is comin’ up just around the corner and I wanna take her to New Orleans for Mardi Gras next week. Would’ya mind pickin’ up my night shifts ‘til I get back?” Anniversary , Ben concludes. He fights the hankering need to ask how he’s been with another person for so long and still wants to go on romantic getaways together. Perhaps he can't seem to fathom a happy and healthy marriage because of his own mother and father’s rocky relationship. Have his parents ever celebrated an anniversary? Oh yeah, perhaps once when Ben was younger. Looking back on it, he could scoff. Happy 20th anniversary! Here's to 20 more years of arguing and living separately for months at a time! Cheers. And yet, they're still together over 30 years down the line and he guesses that's something to commend. Ben’s only worked a handful of night shifts in his time with the company. His eyes are easier to use in daylight and he wants to use his shit night vision as an excuse to decline but he knows Gary’s a hard worker and his wife, Sharon, is one of the nicest people anyone could meet. And , it’s only temporary. There’s a pause, Ben’s nodding his head to himself as if to coax himself into finalizing his decision. It works. “Yeah. Yeah, man. I’ll work those shifts for you, no problem.” Ben agrees. He had been seeing Rey less and less during the days. School, probably. Who knows? Maybe Rey will be taking buses at later times after her classes are over, after Ben is usually already clocked out and headed home. Gary laughs jubilantly in response before speaking. “Thank you! I’m gonna let you go ‘cause I know it’s your day off, kid. But I’ll text you the dates. Thanks again, Ben. I really appreciate it.” "It's no problem, Gary." Ben insists before offering, "You and Sharon have a nice vacation." Gary thanks him one last time and they both bid one another a "good night" and the call is over. Ben doesn't regret giving up his leisurely evenings. In fact, it'll be nice to sleep in. It feels nice to do something nice and Ben can’t deny that’s it’s also nice to be told “thank you”. It’s not why he does it, however. Not for the “thank you”, but because it’s the right thing to do. And would it kill him to switch up his schedule a bit? _____ He believes he might have something comparable to a sixth sense when Rey, donning a single ponytail that bounces with each move she makes, adjusts her messenger bag as she enters the bus during his first night shift. It’s a fleeting thought that doesn’t last for very long before reason steps in, reason he’s already vindicated on a past evening. She looks confused for a brief moment (likely wondering why he’s working now rather than having worked during the day) before she’s flashing him a grin and a quick wave of her fingers that are clenching the leather strap of her bag slung over her shoulder. Her lips part and it's almost as if she's going to speak, to say the word "hi". But no sound is released, only mouthed. Perhaps she's ill and has lost her voice. It's a wonder he hasn't gotten sick yet. Nonetheless, he’s happy to see her, returning her smile with one of his own. But he doesn’t part his own lips to utter a word. To himself, however, he wishes the sun were still out so he could see each feature of her lovely face in high definition. For now, the florescent lighting of the bus is enough and Ben doesn’t complain because she's equally as lovely in the night as she is in the day. He takes all he can get and basks in the light of her smile to compensate for the lack of light in the sky. Brown optics lift to rest on the reflection, watching her glide past the chairs pressed against either side of the front of the bus and sit in her usual place in perfect sight. The lights do not flicker off until she's seated and he's glad it's a safety requirement because she's sporting tight jeans that are doing a shit job at sheathing the pert muscle of her round ass from his viewing pleasure. It's not the first time he's seen her in skin hugging denim and he prays it won't be the last. A noise of approval wants to slip from his mouth but he presses his lips together in a thin line. It's difficult to pry his eyes away to focus on the road ahead but he manages just like he's had to a plethora of times before and just like he'll have to a plethora of more times in the future. He waits, having built up the resistance to stare full force at her mirror image. He hopes to catch her in the act of staring at him again. The bus is stopped, road work underway. But, unfortunately, it's not to fill in pot holes. He runs his tongue over his teeth from behind closed lips, waiting for the go ahead from a construction worker. He heard the chatter of passengers. Apparently, there was a waterline break that needs overnight attention. He's mid sigh when he catches something from the corner of his eye. Neck turning, he's face to face with Rey and utterly taken aback. She's looking directly into his eyes for less than a millisecond before she averts them to watch the construction, teeth chewing on her lower lip as if she's attempting to suppress her grin, depriving him of it. She takes her good old time in crumbling up a wrapper and tossing it into the trashcan Ben keeps at the front of the bus and lingering for a bit longer than necessary. But Ben was the last person complaining. And just when he thinks she's heading back to her original seat, she steals the seat just opposite Ben, slightly behind him for God only knows why. In the dark ride from stop to stop, Ben is sated by the very recent memory of Rey's tight little ass in motion and the way she bites down on the pretty pink flesh of her lip. Especially while she's sitting not four feet from him. Hands grope at the steering wheel, fingers flexing and relaxing steadily, aching to know what her skin would feel like in his palms and digits. The dirty thoughts are striking to Ben, as he's not typically a man of such lechery. Sure, he's had his fair share of women from fucking in seedy bar restrooms against the stalls and atop the sinks to having his cock ridden as he sits on the recliner in his living room, but he's not bringing a new woman home each night nor is he really interested in being on the prowl for any. He can't even recall the last time he touched himself or the last time he even saw a naked woman whether it be on paper or in person. Fuck , he thinks, I'm a God damn monk like my uncle... Ben is celibate as of late. His mother would be proud... if he were fifteen . But Ben is going to be thirty one not too far in the future and his mother asks him, when they do speak, when she's getting grandchildren. If Ben can help it, never . But he's explained, more than once, that he's not even dating to which his mother lays before him a novel's worth of women's names of her friends' daughters and nieces. He wanted to tell her at the time that he'd beaten her to the list, already having slept with a few of them. He opted against sharing the private information with his mother for the sake of saving his head from being slapped. A politician's daughter or relative, in his experiences, are just as appealing as politics themselves. He glances to Rey who's face is illuminated by the light of her phone screen. Now Rey, on the other hand, he's found to be more interesting than any of those women and he hasn't even conversed with her yet. He supposes the mystery is aiding in just how interesting she is but Ben thinks there's more to her than meets the eyes she's stupidly easy on. It's ridiculous he's infatuated and if he could stop it, he would. But Ben can't. Just like he can't bring himself to tear his eyes away from her even in the dark, let alone while driving. What is more striking to him than lewd thoughts is the fact that he wants more from Rey than just to dig his paws into the curves of her body. Muscle memory takes the reigns to leave Ben in his head for a short while, red lights turning to green, turning to yellow, and back to red again. Bus stops coming and passing, passengers entering and exiting. Though, not too many at this hour on a Wednesday night. Rey's drop off spot comes quicker than he expects with the lack of traffic. Much to his chagrin, she's standing to make for the exit. But he won't stop her from leaving and instead, makes the most of her exit and watches her leave in those skin tight jeans, bidding them and Rey an internal "goodbye" until she honors his vision with them once more. Just before her boot clad feet touch the sidewalk, she turns her head over her shoulder and he almost thinks she's going to speak just as he had prior. But what she does not say in words, she makes up for with a sweet smile directed at him. _____ His week flies. Ben's enjoying each night he works, each night he sees Rey. He's considering perhaps adding an extra evening shift or two even after Gary returns simply because he likes it more than he expects to. Rey has a bit to do with this change of heart. Even if it is a little more of a challenge to see at night, with how relaxing it is to drive when rush hour passes is just about worth it and even a tad therapeutic. Though, Ben doesn't need therapy for anything. However, he could use a nice vacation... Gary's vacation is nearing its end and Ben can't help but be jealous of the warmth they're surely experiencing in Louisiana. It's still cold up North thanks to the almighty Groundhog who's capable of dictating the weather with his shadow. But the Leader of their country doesn't believe in Global Warming ...It's dumb of him to question it. Of course Global Warming is fake and the fate of Spring and Winter is held in the grubby paws of a Groundhog. He knows February is coming to and end and March is on its way but the date is of little importance to Ben so long as Rey is boarding the bus. And she does, their schedules seeming to assimilate to one another's. She wears leggings two days in a row; a grey pair and a black pair. He can't decide which he likes more, only that he likes them just as much, if not more than the jeans. They don't make another appearance. That is, until, a Saturday evening, the last day of the month. Mardi Gras. Ben's never celebrated the festivities. He knows little of the holiday other than it's an excuse to get plastered and eat donuts. Which, he can't say, are terrible celebratory activities. Their small town is alive with college students and local drunks crawling from pub to pub. Ben watches from the comfort of the driver's seat. It's evening's like these, evenings where people are drinking their weight in boos, that public transportation is easily accessible. Though, he's not exactly delighted with the idea of carting a bus full of boisterous drunks, even less so when he pulls off to a stop so conveniently located in front of a bar called The Cantina . He barely acknowledges the three rowdy college kids as they board; a male followed by two females. He can hear that they're giggling like schoolgirls, and from the corner of his eye, he sees the first two helping one another up the stairs to keep from falling flat on their faces while it looks as though the last of the trio has her hands full pushing the both of them into the bus. The two sloppiest of the three are already heading to the back of the bus, the third paying the fair. "I'm sorry about them. I'm going to try and keep them under control until we get to our stop. You won't have to put up with us for long." The voice is feminine and certainly not hailing from this side of the pond. He dares not compare the accent to Hux's. No , this isn't the time to think about Hux. There is never a time to think about Hux. Her timber is enough to draw Ben's full attention and soon, he's met with the soft green eyes of Rey and he feels the air catch in his chest and his throat swell but it's well worth the sweet sound of her clear voice in his ears. He doesn't know just how to respond at first, staggered upon hearing her speak for the first time in two and a half months of sharing gazes, smiles, and awkward and almost diminutive, but endearing, interactions. If his mother were present, and he doesn't really want to think of her now but does anyway, she'd tap his jaw and tell him to close his mouth before he catches flies or better yet, use it . He pushes himself out of his stupor in attempts to articulate a reply. To his surprise, again , he does. "I'd rather them get a ride from me than drive or walk home on their own." Ben manages, eyes boring into Rey's. The corners of her mauve lips perk up into a gentle smile and Ben anxiously awaits her to speak again. She grants him that much. "Thanks. I'll make sure we aren't too much of a nuisance." Rey replies with a wrinkle of her button nose, swaying for a moment. "You aren't the one I'm worried about." Ben admits in earnest with a shake of his head, softly chuckling. Rey's still standing before him when he looks back up. Her smile's widening and Ben swallows. "Right---I should sit so you can drive." Rey blinks and shakes her own head as if to rustle her brain into working like Ben had to not a few moments earlier before starting back to take a seat with her friends. He takes in what he can of her face even as she's turning away and he can't seem to find a bad angle. He doesn't look up into the mirror now. Instead, he finds himself turning the rest of his body in his chair, watching her with his own eyes and not through a reflection. Her hair is down, falling in waves over her shoulders, orbs following the length of her hair down to the center of her back until he's faced with her tailbone and the curve of her ass. And oh ... She's wearing the jeans. Ben forces himself to swivel around in his chair, body tense as he pulls back into the road. She sits farther back than normal and if it were any other night, if she hadn't just spoken to him in her dulcet voice, he would have been upset. But he's not. Oh no , quite the contrary. He's giddy, growing more so when he's faced with the idea that she's going to speak on her way out. The trio are damn near silent. Although, Ben wouldn't know for sure as he's too busy replaying the sound of her voice in his head like a hit classic rock song that plays incessantly on the radio. Unlike a song on the radio, Ben thinks he could listen to her voice those same words over and over again without tiring of it. He stops on Sky and Walker, lights switching on and body turning slightly as he hears heels click on the floor of the bus. The petite brunette is lazily saluting as she passes, the dark skinned male following right behind her, laughing at nothing. Nothing that Ben can find to be amusing, at least. And then there's Rey who's jostling around in her bag. It's not the messenger bag, but a smaller black clutch. "Here," She starts, hair falling over her face as she acquires from the clutch three beaded necklaces in green, gold, and purple. Ben's watching her like she's just pulled a rabbit from a top hat. Rey grins, a chuckle falling from those inviting lips of hers as she leans to place the necklaces over his head. They rest against his hammering heart and he's almost sure that he he stares long enough, he would see the beads thumping up and down against his chest. "Happy Mardi Gras!" With a short wave of her manicured hand, Rey is starting down the stairs, jogging after her friends. Mardi Gras, he decides almost instantly, is his new favorite holiday.