“The quickest draw, the toughest motherfucker in these lands” “Sir. Sir, we are waiting on your orders.” Mitaka was going to need to learn how to keep the panic out of his voice. Hux tightened his grip on the edge of the console, listening to the static coming over the radio, drowning in it. His world was tipping sideways. “Sir, we need orders immediately.” Ah, so the man had found his backbone after all. “Clear the perimeter and evacuate.” Hux wasn’t sure when his hand had crawled up to the radio (was that even his voice?). Mitaka’s relief rang clearly: “Yessir, immediately, sir. May I pose one further question?” Hux braced his hands, preparing for what was coming. “Sir, do you want us to recover any of our fallen?” Hux breathed in sharply, somehow still not ready for the pain prying his ribs apart. “No, leave them.” “But, sir!” Hux cut the transmission, barking orders that he was praying were making sense at some lieutenant and removing himself from the bridge. He made his way to his rooms, everyone falling silent and scurrying to clear his path. As soon as they were out of his immediate line of sight, he could hear the whispers start up again. Damn this ship, and damn the gossips that resided on it. He ran his hand down the side of the scanner while his other palm let him into his quarters, a silent apology for thinking bad thoughts about the Finalizer. She certainly didn’t do anything wrong. She hadn’t betrayed him, or made decisions on the ground that had led the massacre of his troops and she certainly hadn’t made Kylo- The first sob that bubbled up from his chest was a surprise, the second an affront. Hux gasped, trying in vain to catch them before they spilled into the too still air of his room, slowly sinking to his knees. He half-expected Ren to meander out of the ‘fresher, drying his ridiculous hair on Hux’s last clean towel, stop in the middle of the room, wonder aloud at Hux about some new Force theory that he had been reading about. But it didn’t happen. It would never happen again. Hux stumbled to his feet, damn near breaking the switch that opened his door and walked as quickly as his legs would carry him back to the bridge. “Sir? I thought you had-” Hux nearly shoved the officer out of his way, pounding his hand onto the comms. “Mitaka, over.” “Your orders have changed. Retrieve all bodies and artefacts. Leave no man behind.” Hux could hear the blood pounding in his ears. Static, and silence. “Yes, sir.” The line went dead and Hux leaned his whole weight onto the console. It would be fine. They would bring him back, somehow. The First Order had better medical tech than anywhere else in the galaxy- if someone were to do the impossible, it would be them. The pain in his chest subsided somewhat, his ribs no longer crushing his lungs. He could feel the eyes of every officer on him; it really was bad form to relinquish command like that, and then take it over again for personal interest. He stood, the steel in his spine anchoring him. He saluted his Lieutenant General, the man’s name completely slipping his mind, and walked with as much composure as he could manage back to his quarters. He needed to sleep, clearly. He had been on the bridge for nearly 20 hours straight, and it was obviously affecting his judgement. And there was no point in denying himself rest. Mitaka and his troop would be at least four hours until they were ship side. Hux stared at his ceiling, rushes of heat and cold pouring over him. The crushing feeling had returned to his lungs, and thoughts of things that he would never un-see flitted, entirely unbidden, through his mind. Ren would have laughed at that and poked him in the middle of his forehead. He had told Hux once that he would be well-protected from any Force users trying to read his mind: it was far too busy and they would go insane. Hux ran his hand through his hair. Perhaps a shower then, wash the bridge and the thoughts of war from his body and his brain. He let the water beat down on his head, hotter than was probably healthy, although nowhere near the ungodly temperatures that Ren had insisted they shower at. If he closed his eyes he could practically feel the other man crowding up behind him, sliding one arm around his much narrower waist, hard-on pressed right up against the curve of his ass, the other hand snaking up the wall in front of him to crank the temperature up. Ren loved- loves, Hux corrects himself, irritated at the slip- to slide his face into the crook of Hux’s neck, wet hair plastered to Hux’s cheek. Hux gasped in air. He could not remember how many times he had told Ren to cut it, and how he regretted saying that every time Ren was on his knees and he could bury his hands in it. Hux glanced down at himself, somehow surprised at his own arousal. He stroked his hand lazily over his dick, letting his mind get lost in memory. Ren laying in his bed, turning Hux’s hat over in his hands, watching as Hux carefully put on his clothes, keeping every pressed line immaculate. He looked thoughtful, for Ren. “You wear that uniform like armour.” Hux looked at Kylo in the mirror, appreciating, just for a moment, how excellent he looked in Hux’s blankets and nothing else. “Not all of us need intimidating robes to make our point.” Kylo made a face at him. “Not like that. I mean you put it on and become someone else. I guess mask would be a better word.” Ren was staring at the hat now. “I know I’m not one to talk, with the actual mask, but it’s interesting. You’re not what I expected.” Hux had turned around by the time Kylo finished his thinking, striding over to the bed and stroking one thumb over Ren’s cheek. “You’re hardly what I expected either, Ren.” He glanced over to the time. “And tragically, I need to be on the bridge today, as tempting as you are.” Kylo’s scar pulled his smile tight. “I will be here when you are done. I’ve got some important meditating to do today, and I think it can all be done right here.” Hux grabbed his hat, muttering about the laziness of Force users, and made his exit. When he returned, far too many hours and questions from incompetent underlings later, he walked in on Ren moving through his lightsaber forms entirely nude. Kylo paused partway through a sweeping motion, lowering his lightsaber to his side, letting Hux drink him in, barely keeping his smirk away. Hux slowly removed his gloves, meticulously stripping each finger of its leather encasing. He could feel Kylo’s eyes burning a hole in his head, saw him run his tongue over his lips out of the corner of his eye. Honestly, he would never understand the man’s fascination with his gloves, but he was more than happy to provide fodder for Ren’s fetish. Hux watched carefully as Ren made his way over, casually tossing the lightsaber aside and moving into Hux’s space, shoving the greatcoat off Hux’s shoulders. Ren smiled as it hit the floor, then met Hux’s eyes and caught his lips in a kiss, undoing the buttons all the way down Hux’s jacket and sliding his hands under to meet his skin, skimming his fingertips along his collarbones, his ribs, following the lines of his body down to his hipbones. Hux leaned his head against the shower wall, trying to cool his skin and feeling no cleaner than before. What was he even doing? Jerking off in the shower while one’s- partner? Lover? Whatever Kylo Ren was to him- was dying (not dead, not yet) on the planet below hardly seemed like a healthy approach. He finished the shower with his usual efficiency, turning it to cold for the last minute to eliminate any remaining physical evidence of arousal, and stepped out. He stared for a moment at the uniform he had left crumpled on the floor of the fresher. Was that really him who had done that? He was generally so much more careful about hanging everything in its proper place or immediately shoving it into the laundry chute. He supposed that this one time was not going to make or break him, especially as everything was bound for the laundry anyways, but he hated variation from his routine. He scooped everything up, mechanically tossing it into the chute, and then turned to stare at his bed. He was long overdue to sleep, and it was starting to cloud his judgement. Just a short nap, just until Mitaka and his crew came back on board. He didn’t realise how exhausted he was until his head hit his pillow and he was out before he had the chance to turn off his light. When he came to, the time was a full half-day cycle from when he had glanced at it before falling asleep. “Shit.” Hux frowned at himself. He hated people that swore for emphasis; perhaps Ren had rubbed off more on him than he thought he had. Hux ran his hand over his face and through his hair, making his way over to his office to check the ship logs. Surely Mitaka would have gotten everyone back by now, unless the man was even less efficient than Hux had thought. His frown deepened. According to the log, they had returned to the ship more than four hours ago, which meant that he had not been notified of their arrival, something that was entirely unacceptable. The mission was a failure, and everyone needed to be debriefed, which he certainly should be present for. He put on his uniform, every pressed edge crisp, his hand well-practiced with the art of clothing himself without introducing even the smallest wrinkle. He noted that he had not shone his boots before collapsing into bed, but they would have to do the way they were, which was still well above the required standard for daily wear. A bout of dizziness and nausea washed over him just before he reached the door, making him stumble backwards until his knees hit his bed. Hux rested his head into his hands, trying to maintain some semblance of control, sucking air in through his nose. He let his hands reach up to fold behind his head, laced his fingers together and let his head hang as much as his spine would allow. He would need to stop at the medbay at some point, clearly he was coming down with something. Slowly his heart rate dropped, and the nausea passed, although the weight on his chest didn’t seem to lessen, and his throat felt constricted. Either way, it was good enough. He had wasted enough time as it was. Hux made his way through the Finalizer’s halls to the debriefing room, trying to ignore the commentary that followed in his wake. One day he might have stormtroopers that would learn to internalise their need to gossip. For now he would have to let it slide, although he did make a note on his datapad to Phasma about the issue. Obviously they weren’t working hard enough if they had time to be that invested in others’ affairs. He felt the tension in the debriefing room rise the second he entered. A smaller man would have shrunk back from it, forced out by the presence of that many people’s discomfort with his appearance. General Hux was not a small man. His chin rose, his shoulders settled back, and he calmly met every single person’s eyes, quietly analyzsing that no chair had been left out for him. “Am I interrupting?” The room came to a standstill before Lieutenant General Kirra scrambled to cover, “No sir, my apologies, we just assumed-” “Assumed what exactly?” “That you would be down in the medbay?” Honestly, this was going to make Hux question her promotion, which had been justified by her overall composure under pressure. “My apologies again, sir, we thought you would want to see Lord Ren before anything else, and the protocol is to have a debriefing no less than 12 hours after a mission, so we thought we should proceed.” “It’s not necessary to quote my own protocol at me.” Hux didn’t mean to snap, he truly didn’t. He saw Phasma’s hand come up to partially cover her mouth and one eyebrow raise to the ceiling. He breathed in as deeply as he could without looking as though he had completely lost control. “You may continue, Kirra, but I will remain present.” He resisted the urge to remove Phasma’s eyebrow as it somehow crept a fraction of an inch higher, and instead leaned back against the wall, looking probably as relaxed as he felt, which is to say, not at all. Kirra gaped at him for only a moment, and gathered herself even more quickly, launching back into the re-conditioning protocols necessary for the troopers, and an in-depth analysis of contingency plans when their Force users were lost. If Hux had been paying attention, he probably would have been impressed, but his mind had wandered to the medbay below, and he wondered how many other things he needed to accomplish before he headed down. The meeting had begun to disperse without him noticing; his attention was brought to the present only by Phasma’s touch on his arm. He nodded curtly with what he hoped conveyed his approval at Kirra, and turned his attention to Phasma, who seemed to be waiting for the room to clear. Finally the last junior office managed to stumble out, trying to salute and also not drop their papers at the same time, which Hux politely ignored, and Phasma looked at him. “You need to get down to the medbay. Now, General. I say that as a friend.” Hux stared at her. “I see no point, Captain, my presence won’t make any diff-” Plasma held up a hand. “It wasn’t a suggestion. You saw as much as any of us what happened down there. No one could survive that, and the only reason he is hanging on is because of our tech and his Force skills, which I frankly don’t think are going to hold out for much longer. You will regret it if you don’t get there.” Hux shifted stiffly from one foot to the other. “I will take that into consideration.” “Excellent, I will escort you.” He noted with some dissatisfaction as they walked to the medbay that the stormtroopers were much less talkative when Phasma was at his side. It was all well and good for them to respect their captain, but he outranked her and deserved at least as much as she did. Perhaps this meant he would have to start spending more time with their training. The medbay door caught him off-guard, as did the return of his earlier nausea. He tried desperately to maintain his composure, but it was difficult over the low hum that had started in his ears, and the crushing in his chest. Mechanically, he followed Phasma, stopping when she stepped aside to let him through the doors of the private rooms that had unofficially been reserved for Kylo’s misadventures. “Would you prefer I waited here or assisted on the bridge, sir?” Hux stared back. “The bridge, Phasma. I will be along shortly.” She saluted smartly and set off, leaving Hux alone with his door. He paused with his hand hovering over the bio-scanner for a moment before shaking his head and scanning himself in. Hospitals, unfortunately no matter where you are, are always far too quiet or far too loud. Kylo’s room fell into the first category, the soft whir of the machines and sporadic beeps not quite filling the dead air of the room. Kylo looked small in his bed, far too much tubing and bacta covering his body. His hair had been partially shaved back to leave room for a shunt that was draining something out of his skull. Hux wanted to run his fingers over it, and held back because if he touched it, it would be real. There was a an empty chair next to the bed. Someone bumped into him from behind, an apology delivered in hushed tones as a nurse moved past him, checking some readings and making notes on a datapad, shaking her head. She laid a gentle hand on Kylo’s head, shifting his hair so it covered up some of the shaved part on the side. After fiddling with a few of the dials, she walked out again, already lost in the information on her next patient. Hux moved over to his chair, carefully lowering himself, not trusting his legs to carry him for much longer. He crossed one ankle up onto his knee, and wished desperately that he had brought something, anything to do. After what felt like hours to a man who rarely went five minutes without something pressing, every alarm around Kylo went off, startling Hux into action, until he realised that he had no idea what any of the alarms even meant. Kylo’s body was convulsing, his mouth foaming around his intubation. This time when the nurse bumped into him, there was no apology, and a second one was grabbing his arm, saying something about needing space for the doctors to work. The female doctor was rattling off commands which the nurses nodded along with, grabbing equipment that had quite cleverly been hidden behind wall panels around the room. The male doctor was removing the intubation, a sight that Hux never wanted to see again, and the nurse, the damn nurse was now pulling on his arm, hauling him towards the door, trying to calmly explain why Hux needed to leave, but all he could see was the falling rate of what he assumed was a heart monitor, the beeping turning into one long steady tone. Somehow the nurse had gotten him outside the door. It closed in his face, and he was left with silence. Hux pulled up a chair, and waited. Hux would never tell him, but he loved to watch Kylo train. The man was remarkable in his size, and the grace that he carried himself with would have looked unnatural if it weren’t for his easiness with his body. Hux leaned on the bar surrounding the windows of the training rooms, watching as Kylo swung his lightsaber around, inviting the Knight he was training with to move on the offensive. The other Knight moved in, which should have put Kylo, with his height and bulk, at a disadvantage, but the other man did not account for the cross guards on his weapon. Even as far away as he was, Hux smelled the unfortunate scent of burning clothes and skin as the Knight caught his arm on the blade. He shied away from the pain, and the slip-up was all Kylo needed to knock him off his feet. Kylo lowered his blade and held his hand out, hauling the other man up, letting him bleed out while he demonstrated how to fix his errors before jerking his chin in the direction of the door, indicating the wound on the other man’s arm. Kylo turned his head up, and met Hux’s eyes. The grin that spread was a bit too feral, and the scar the Scavenger had left him made it lopsided. Kylo stripped his outer cloak off, leaving him in just his undershirt, his scars proudly on display for Hux’s admiration. He re-lit the lightsaber, swinging it in a wide arc before starting to move through his forms, a Jedi practice that Kylo insisted still had some value. It really was tragic that Hux had a ship to run. He observed for as long as he was able, finally tearing his eyes away and taking himself back to the bridge. When the door opened, and the nurse stood back to let him in, Hux couldn’t take his eyes off of Kylo. There was virtually nothing left of the man he had known before. This one had his face, his scars, but none of the movement, none of the momentum that had always carried him. Hux sat back down in his chair, and a sympathetic hand came to rest on his shoulder. “I’m sorry, sir. We did everything we could. We can give you some time, but the Supreme Leader has left very specific instructions about what needs to be done in these circumstances.” The other personnel were filing out of the room. “I will come get you in a few minutes.” And then Hux was alone. Alone with a body that he didn’t know what to do with. The chaos of what had happened was waging war in Hux’s chest, the fine tendrils of his discipline slowly starting to slide out of his grasp. Had the doctors even done anything? Had they even tried to save him, or were they just keeping him alive long enough to force Hux to look at the remnants of a man he had loved more than he had thought a person like him was capable of. He picked up the lamp on the bedside table and smashed it on the floor. Notes: If you want to come say hi on tumblr, do so! Here is my very bare bones writing blog and my main blog is this way. I love getting messages on either. Come say hi! The titles are all lyrics from "Gunslinger's Glory" by The Dead South. Do you love Saskatchewan, banjos and disturbing lyrics? They might just be the band for you. Also, a massive shout-out to YourPalYourBuddy for beta-reading this for me <3 If you want to go read some excellent Stucky, head on over there, I promise you're in for some good stuff.