Rey woke up slowly, in a daze. In the weeks since she began Rey’s training with Luke, her sleep had been mercifully free of nightmares. Which was nice, considering Ren’s prying into her mind left her unable to sleep for many weeks. It was quiet in the room and outside. There was no immediate cause for alarm. Though all she could see was the wall, she could tell it must still be night. No light filtered in through the blinds and the room was still cool. She wasn't quite used to having a real bed yet. The left half of her body was hanging off the edge, knuckles and toes grazing the floor. Rey resisted the urge to roll over and check the clock, knowing that moving would make her more awake. She also didn’t want to disturb her roommate. But she also understood that if she didn't readjust soon she would either sore in the morning or fall off the bed entirely. Rey had shared a room since she returned from training a few weeks prior. The base was not equipped to pamper new guests, so Finn, Luke, and the rest of the team were dispersed to rooms with extra beds. The room was small in regards to other rooms on the base, but spacious in comparison to her old AT-AT. Rey liked the simplicity and cleanliness of the two beds, separated by a plain nightstand. On some shelves were handmade souvenirs gifted to her roommate from past diplomatic missions. Rey wondered what she would be able to add to the collection, if her roommate obliged. The only other feature in the room was some extra blankets in the corner for colder nights. Rey met Poe when she returned from Ahch-To with Luke, and thanked him for everyone’s excellent work at Takodana. During her first meal since returning, she sat with Finn and her new friends. Across from her was her new roommate, a woman with thick black hair and a kind face. Rey could tell she was a pilot. She held herself with authority and discipline. Rey never had a roommate or even a neighbor before and looked forward to their time together. The woman introduced herself as Jessika, and Rey thought that was a particularly lovely name. During lunch, Rey found Jessika to be quite beautiful. The Force felt warm around Jessika every time she laughed or made eye contact with Rey. Jessika had the same humour and snappy quips as Poe. Jess wasn’t afraid to pick on her superior, but her deep eyes spoke nothing but kindness. As Rey studied Jess’ face more, she noticed a mole just above her lips, its position seeming almost chosen to be most pleasing to the eye. There was a light wrinkle between her eyebrows from the intense concentration of flying. Rey also caught Jessika’s easy smile, and found she wanted to see Jessika smile more. Smile at her, if she was lucky. Preoccupied with the memory of Jessika’s smile, Rey almost missed the sound of rustling fabric and a sigh next to her. Jessika didn’t snore; she had to be a light sleeper in event of a nighttime attack. So a sound other than breathing was new. Rey was drifting back to sleep when Jessika sighed again, louder this time. A little annoyed, Rey readied herself to be awake until Jess quieted down. Rey realized she was cold, and prepared to get up for a blanket until Jessika let out a low moan followed by a wet pop. Rey stopped cold. A brief tremor in the Force occupying the room confirmed her suspicions. Immediately, Rey was almost certain of what was going on mere feet away from her. She was no stranger to sex. Years of listening to traders gossip taught her more than she ever wanted to know about reproduction of numerous species, thank you very much. But Rey was unsure of what she should do. Should she leave and give Jessika privacy? Should she try to go back to sleep? Her back was getting sore from being twisted around. But Rey feared that if she shifted it would alert Jessika. The fabric rustled by her again, coupled with a creak in the industrial bed frame. A new, wet, and rhythmic sound echoed off the walls. Rey couldn’t help but blush in the low light as Jessika let out a few more breathy sighs and increased her pace. The Force crackled in the small space, broadcasting and array of secondary feelings loud and clear. Trained as she was, Rey couldn’t yet read minds without a great deal of concentration. Now, she was almost grateful for that. Still, Rey’s neck and ears warmed in the cool air. She found herself wondering what Jessika was imagining. What did people think about when they got off? More specifically, what did Jessika like? Rey tried to imagine what her roommate was seeing, what she was feeling. The heady feeling of the Force mixed with the visceral noises coming from the beautiful woman next to her were nearly overwhelming. Rey was sure that at that point she was breathing heavily as well, and only noticed it when her hair around her face began tickling her nose. Jessika seemed… rather preoccupied in her activity so Rey risked shaking away the strands of hair. Instead more fell in its place, making matters worse. At this point, Jessika’s stifled whimpers were becoming more frequent and desperate, so Rey carefully inched her hand up from the floor to her nose. About halfway there, she sneezed. Loudly. The room was immediately quiet, save for some labored breathing and sniffles. The atmosphere changed from an electric crackle to a low thrum. After several moments of absolute stillness, Jessika adjusted in her bed and remained quiet. Too embarassed to move, Rey shut her eyes until she fell asleep, stuck in her uncomfortable position. Rey awoke a few hours later, sore, after a fitful night of sleep. She dreaded an awkward conversation with Jessika, but turned her head to find the her bed unoccupied. It was a break day for pilots, and the mess wouldn’t be serving breakfast for at least an hour. Rey knew she was being avoided. While part of her was sorry that Jessika was too embarrassed to be around her, another part was glad to put off any conversation for later. Her morning meditation with Luke was more difficult than usual, with images and soundbytes of last night flooding her consciousness. Rey tried to place these memories in the back of her mind, but knew all too well that Luke could see everything. She excused herself early from training, hoping he hadn’t yet picked poked around too much. It was going to be a long day. Notes: Thanks for reading! This is my first fic since my long-gone days on FF :P I had a lot of fun with it! Let me know what you think